If you find a sudden mutation of a Berry, please let me know.
Oh my! You found a sudden mutation of a Berry! Would you please tell me about it?
<var> and <var> creates <var>...
...All right! I recorded it! Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Oh, Mr.iss <var>! Which records would you like to see?
Which records would you like to see?
<var>
Quit
You want to know about <var>! My record shows... These Berries were produced by crossing <var> and <var>.
Oh my! This report completes the record of all the combinations of sudden mutations! Mr.iss <var>! Marvelous! Simply marvelous!
The more you know, the more you realize how profound Berries are. When you want to see the record, please come back again!
Oh, welcome, sonyoung lady. Do you have questions about how to take care of Berries?
All right! I'll teach you anything! What do you want to know?
Check the soil where you planted Berries, and then water the Berries. That's all you have to do! Although the soil will dry out quickly or slowly depending on the Berry or Mulch you're using.
Sometimes weeds grow in the soil where you planted Berries. When that happens, check the soil and yank out the weed!
Sometimes hungry Bug Pokémon are drawn to Berry trees... If you don't want to give them all Berries, check the trees and battle against them!
After the Berries on Berry trees ripen, if you don't do anything, they will wither and dry out.
The more you take care of them, the more Berries you can get! One Berry can produce more Berries. That's the best part of fieldwork.
How to water
Pulling weeds
Controlling Bug Pokémon
When trees wither
Quit listening
What is Mulch?
How to make Mulch
Effects of Mulch
Oh, <var>! Do you know about using a composter? It's a device in the field. Put Berries in it, and... It's really amazing!
The composter is pretty amazing, right? Oh, I can tell you about Mulch. Is there anything you want to know?
Oh, <var>! Do you want to learn about Mulch?
What do you want to know?
Tee hee hee. If you have any questions, please come visit anytime!
Spread Mulch over the soil before planting Berries! It helps Berries to grow!
You can create Mulch by putting three Berries in a device called a composter! What kind of Mulch you can get depends on the color of Berries!
There are three effects of Mulch! What kind of effects? Er... You'll have to find out for yourself!
Is there anything else you want to know?
What do you want to know?
