So this is the Kalos region, huh... Not bad...
I just love traveling around the world, going fishing with my trusty Old Rod.
Sure don't see very many Magikarp in the Kalos region, do you?
You know what? I'd really like to have something to remember my trip to Kalos by.
How about this? I've got a special offer just for you! I'm willing to trade my super-secret <var> here for <var>! Whaddaya say?
All right. All right! Let's begin the trade!
Well, that sure is a shame... I had hoped we could've had ourselves a Kanto-Kalos Pokémon trade! Oh well...
No, thank you! I'm not interested in any more trading!
Hey, now--you're gonna need at least two Pokémon with you if you want to trade!
No way--I can't trade you for that...
Check it out! I never drop the balls!
I've heard a lot about you!
Phew! How electrifying!
Ohh... I can't help but sigh. I'm cheering for you, you know? Come on--take this!
I'm going to be keeping an eye on you! I have a feeling you'll do great things!
Aren't there any hot springs around here? Where I come from, we have a hot spring right next to the Pokémon Center, and it's incredible!
Where I'm from, we put Pokémon Eggs in sand baths.
Riding the monorail here reminded me of taking the cable car on Mt. Chimney!
Here--I'll share some with you!
It's a Lava Cookie--a local specialty from Mt. Chimney! Feed it to a Pokémon to heal status conditions!
This is my first vacation in such a long time!
The Kalos region is so very big!
Everyone in the Kalos region is so very nice!
I'd so very like to trade Pokémon with you!
I'd so very like to trade this Eevee that I brought all the way from the Sinnoh region with one of your Pokémon!
The time has come for Mr. Backlot's Pokémon to shine in the Kalos region!
Oh. I'm so very shocked...
When I feel like slacking off, it's my policy to stay in bed.
If you'd like to trade, you need to have at least two Pokémon with you.
Actually, it's a Pokémon that I'd so very like to trade for!
I'm traveling the land to learn more about strong Trainers.
First, I think I'll head over to Santalune City and then Cyllage City.
There's a lot to be excited about when it comes to the strong Trainers of the Kalos region!
I know a whole lot about strong Trainers!
Which Trainer do you want to know about?
Viola
Korrina
Valerie
Olympia
Cancel
Oh, Viola! Viola is the Gym Leader of Santalune City. Not only is she an expert with Bug-type Pokémon, but she's also an up-and-coming photography pro! Her older sister, Alexa, happens to be a reporter!
Korrina! Sweet, sweet Korrina! A first-rate Roller Skater and also the Gym Leader of Shalour City! Keep this between us, but I hear she can use some kind of amazing secret power. Let's hear it once more for the spectacular Korrina!
Valerie... What to call her? Miss Valerie? Lady Valerie? She definitely needs some kind of title. Oh, never mind my rambling! She's a fashion designer from the Johto region and also happens to be the Gym Leader of Laverre City! She's also got this certain mysterious charm about her that's really hard to put into words!
Lady Olympia! A mystery wrapped in an enigma! Little is known about the Gym Leader of Anistar City. One thing is for sure, though--she's second to none when it comes to fortune-telling! Whether it's predicting one's love prospects or the fate of a corporation, she nails it every time!
If you want to know about strong Trainers, come back anytime!
I know a whole lot about strong Trainers!
The Kalos region is nice and all, but you should really check out my region! We have this town that you wouldn't believe... Ah, never mind. You'll see it in due time.
The Kalos region is nice and all, but you should really check out my region! There's this facility that you wouldn't believe... Ah, never mind. You'll see it in due time.
The Kalos region is nice and all, but you should really check out my region! Our Champion is really something else, I tell you... Ah, never mind. You'll find out in due time.
The Kalos region is nice and all, but let me share something with you from my region. It's really special!
The Kalos region is nice and all, but you've really got to check out my region! Where is it, you ask? Well, I can tell you that it's not Kanto, Johto, Hoenn, Sinnoh, or even Unova!
Today is Monday! I'm going to help you shift gears and perk right up by giving your Pokémon an Alert Ribbon!
When you're all perked up, everything goes well! If you're feeling down, just take a gander at an Alert Ribbon, and you'll feel better in no time!
Have you ever had something happen that really scared or surprised you? It's important to not forget that feeling. That's why I'm going to give your Pokémon a Shock Ribbon!
A bit of excitement makes the world a brighter place! Just admire a Shock Ribbon whenever you want to experience a thrill.
I put on a little weight, and now I'm feeling down... Well, I suppose you can't start feeling better without feeling sad first. Here--I'll give you a Downcast Ribbon!
It's easy to drag your feet when you're feeling depressed... In times like that, one look at a Downcast Ribbon will surely put a little spring into your step!
Everyone gets a bit absentminded at times-- and that goes for both Pokémon and people. To help prevent such absentmindedness, I'll give your Pokémon a Careless Ribbon!
There's no telling what kind of wacky things can happen when you get absentminded! When that happens, it's best to just admire a Careless Ribbon and enjoy yourself!
You ever get a bad case of brain fog and can't figure out why? You won't have to worry anymore with this! I'll give you a Relax Ribbon!
When you're feeling refreshed, it's easy to get inspiration! Take a look at the Relax Ribbon to refresh your mind and body!
Ever have nights where you just can't seem to fall asleep? Fear no more! With this, only sweet dreams await! I'll give your Pokémon a Snooze Ribbon!
A good night's sleep can cure what ails you! When you find yourself having trouble sleeping, say "good night" with a Snooze Ribbon!
What makes you happy? Whatever it is, it's surely something that makes you smile whenever you think of it. I'm going to give your Pokémon a Smile Ribbon!
When you're smiling, it's easy to get in a good mood! Just take a look at a Smile Ribbon whenever you're feeling out of sorts, and you'll be smiling in no time!
Did you know that long ago in the Kalos region, both men and women would wear ribbons?
