Oh! You actually showed up!
Hey, <var>, I was hoping to find Mr. Looker. I've been so busy lately that I'm hardly ever here anymore. Do you have any idea where he is?
Wha...? He's in the hospital?! What's wrong with him? Now I'm even more worried than before! B-but... I'd need more money to get to the hospital...
Ah! Is that the time?! I'm gonna be late! I gotta go, Mimi! We'll talk later, <var>!
Murrr-murrrawr!
Please pardon my intrusion... Would I be correct to assume that this is the Looker Bureau and that you might be Masteriss <var>?
I am terribly sorry to intrude upon you, but I have a request. But before we discuss the reason for my visit today, would you allow me to verify your strength, Masteriss <var>?
As expected, the confidence of a Champion is unshakable. Please allow me to begin the battle at once!
Oh? Does even a Champion need time to prepare? I shall wait here until you are ready. Please do hurry.
Yes, as I suspected... Your abilities and strength are without peer, Masteriss <var>. Even I, a former admin of Team Flare, had no chance against you. Please forgive me for testing you. I am a mere servant, sent here by order of my mistress. She told me to measure your skill, and to proceed only if I judged you to be able.
Oh goodness! Look at the time! My mistress is not a patient woman! If she is made to wait too long, the consequences will be severe. Please, Masteriss <var>! You must hurry to Hotel Richissime's Royal Suite at once!
LOOKER'S TOP-SECRET JOURNAL ･ The XXth day of the XXth month... I have at last succeeded in approaching the detestable contact. It must be said that the personality of this contact is formidable. This will not be an easy task. I may have to give a promise of amnesty to secure help from such a vile individual.
Took you long enough, <var>. It may happen that I have need of your services, but I expect you to keep in mind how valuable my time is!
Oh, never mind! Just fight me! I can't possibly have a reasonable discussion when my emotions are so inflamed!
I'm burning up with rage!
You're only adding fuel to the fire!
Enough for now. I brought you here for a reason. The first issue is the identity of the Trainer called Essentia. In truth, she is simply a young girl called Emma, wearing a piece of special technology dubbed the Expansion Suit. The Expansion Suit was created by Dr. Xerosic. I can see that name means something to you. You remember him, I take it. ...One of Team Flare's scientists.
This brings me to my request, young manlady. Make sure Xerosic disappears. I don't care how. If you need a reason, call it honor among thieves... Even we in Team Flare had our sense of pride. You may have disagreed with us, but we were doing what we thought right. I won't let him sully our honor now. The hero of Kalos would hardly wish for that girl Emma to keep staining her hands with these crimes as Essentia. If you want to help the girl, you need to put a stop to Xerosic. And that I can help you with!
If we leave now, we should find him at Lysandre Café. Don't dawdle. Be ready to face death if you go. Prepare well if you want a shot at surviving.
Oh my. Aren't you a speedy one? Score one for you. I do so hate to be kept waiting. Come on. I'll show you the way.
You'll find Xerosic in the lab. It's a secret floor that only certain admins know about.
You'll need to take the elevator. I'll just enter the special password on this panel here...
And voilà! Now you have access to the secret floor of Lysandre Labs. You should find Xerosic and his Essentia there. The rest I leave to you. The secret floor has the same layout as this one. You defeated Team Flare once, right? Then this should be a piece of cake. Oh. And one last thing... Tell that partner of yours... Tell that infuriating man... Yes, tell him I fulfilled my end of the bargain. And he should keep in mind what will happen to him if he doesn't do the same. Good day.
There are obstacles blocking the way.
If it ain't <var>! What's cookin'? Eh? That's yer line? Heh. Well, I got onto a part-time job as a security guard. See? Emma got us in with the boss of here. But I dunno why they want a guard. Ain't seen hide nor hair o' nothin'! Right bored, I am.
Hey, how 'bout we have a little battle to keep me on my toes?
Right! I'll give it my all! Yer better not expect another easy win like that time at the station!
Oi, seriously, mate? Lame. I'm that bored. Look 'ere, if yer win, I'll tell yer somethin' epic.
Man, I lost in no time flat! Yer somethin', that's for true. It was fun while it lasted, but it's still a long grind till my shift ends, y'know?
Allow as I've an idea... C'mere a sec!
'Ere we are, yo! Nobody's supposed to be allowed in, y'know? Which makes yer think there's bound to be somethin' epic locked up in 'ere, eh? Stands to reason. I ain't got nothin' goin' on at the moment, so let's be havin' us a little look-see for stacks of treasures.
What's good, my friend? Find anythin' yet? Maybe hidden on those bookshelves or suchlike? There's gotta be somethin'! Check out every corner!

Hi, where's the hurry? Keep me company, c'mon. It gets so borin' down here!
Ermh... So there's just Poké Balls an' papers, like? Those Poké Balls got to belong to somebody, stands to reason. I promised Mr. Looker, an' what's more, I meant it. I won't never take Poké Balls that aren't mine!
Waugh, my shift's finally endin'! I'm out, see? Later, brluv! Be sure an' shut the place when you go, <var>!
EXPANSION SUIT SPECS 1. Physical Enhancement Heightens physical abilities of the wearer with built-in muscle-enhancing technology. 2. Poké Ball Jack A hacking cable on the neck piece allows the wearer to upload a computer virus to Poké Balls and override their systems. This provides access to control the Pokémon. The virus also magnifies the Pokémon's power.
3. Surface Texturing Optically disguises the wearer, based on the current understanding of Kecleon and Ditto's physical transformations. 4. Remote Control Remote control of the suit protects against the risk of its wearer going renegade. AI personalities are preprogrammed, modeled on common Trainer types. When the suit is controlled remotely, the wearer's consciousness is suppressed. The wearer experiences a coma-like state.
Expansion Suit Field Trials Secret Records: Volume 1 The XXth day of the XXth month... Posted an advertisement for part-time work at the Lysandre Café to recruit a test subject for the suit's field trials. The Expansion Suit should make even an average Trainer into a superhuman force, a force to be reckoned with... It is the ultimate result of my life's study-- my magnum opus. The trials must be a success! I wait on the appearance of a young, healthy, and ambitious test subject.
Expansion Suit Field Trials Secret Records: Volume 2 The XXth day of the XXth month... At long last, a response came to my advertisement for part-time work. The subject's name is Emma. She is a healthy girl, 16 years of age. When I attempted to explain the intent of my research, she gave little sign of understanding. She does appear to understand the passion I have put into the suit research, and she showed interest in continuing with the trials. Now that Team Flare has been disbanded, my funds are running severely low.
I hired her on the spot. The trials must proceed with no time lost. First, I'll measure Emma's physical and mental abilities to ensure she can complete the trials. The XXth day of the XXth month... I have customized the suit to better fit Emma's frame. The XXth day of the XXth month... I have designated the code name Essentia to be used when Emma is wearing the Expansion Suit.
Expansion Suit Field Trials Secret Records: Volume 3 The XXth day of the XXth month... As we make final preparations for the trials, a new trouble strikes. I have learned that Emma has no experience as a Pokémon Trainer! With little other choice, I am forced to instruct the girl on all the basics.
The XXth day of the XXth month... I have lent Emma my own Pokémon and am instructing her on the skills needed in a Pokémon Trainer. However, my Pokémon seem only to wish to play with the girl. They show no desire to engage in battle. Their behavior is most puzzling. They have never shown signs of being particularly friendly nor reluctant to battle. Their playfulness is a detriment to the trials. I will have to control the suit remotely in order to have any chance of starting the trials in time.
Expansion Suit Field Trials Secret Records: Volume 4 The XXth day of the XXth month... Finally, the trials are underway. The first trial is designed to test the suit's physical capabilities. Using the texturing function, the subject has infiltrated the closely guarded art museum and left an insignia on a historical mural.
The remote-control function has worked without complications thus far. Emma shows no ill effects from her time in the suit. Her memory is blank. When questioned, she describes her experience as "taking a nap." Perhaps I will give her a bonus in celebration of this successful trial.
Expansion Suit Field Trials Secret Records: Volume 5 The XXth day of the XXth month... Trials begin of a key part of the Expansion Suit: the hacking cable I've called the Poké Ball Jack. With the texturing function enabled, the subject battles Trainers around the city. She then collects the Poké Balls from Trainers she defeats, so that we may use them in our tests. The results of the tests have been quite favorable thus far. However, these trials have not been entirely free from incident. Some apparent acquaintances of Emma's are proving to be a hindrance to our progress.
Among these acquaintances is a boygirl who appears to be the new Champion, but this is not yet confirmed. We encountered a glitch in the remote-control programming, and I lost control for a brief period. Fearing possible effects on Emma, I suspended the trials temporarily. When we returned to the secret base, I examined the girl for signs of damage, but she appeared to be unharmed. She still retains no memories from her intervals in the suit. The one thing she admitted was experiencing "a frightful dream."
It's someone's Poké Ball.
Hmm... Why did the remote control malfunction only that one time?
Do I need to do more than simply put her in a state of sleep? Must I subdue her spirit, too? No, no. Doing that would put far too great a strain upon Emma's mind...
Oho ho ho! You're the boygirl from the glitched trial! You've been interfering with my research! Very well. You will be the next subject for my trials! If Essentia can defeat you in the Expansion Suit, that is all the proof necessary to show that my research has been correct from the start! Come, Essentia!
... ... ...
Now, battle! Battle, my Essentia!
POKÉ BALL JACK FUNCTION INITIATED. VIRUS POTENCY SET TO 60 PERCENT.
Astonishing! More than satisfactory! But Essentia's skills go far beyond this! Now, battle! Battle on, my Essentia!
POKÉ BALL JACK FUNCTION INITIATED. VIRUS POTENCY SET TO 70 PERCENT.
Wonderful! Magnificent! But Essentia is only getting started! Now, battle! Battle on, my Essentia!
POKÉ BALL JACK FUNCTION INITIATED. VIRUS POTENCY SET TO 80 PERCENT.
Come, come, we can still go on! Or are you worn out? Too bad that Essentia will never experience physical or mental fatigue as long as she wears the Expansion Suit that I designed! Now, battle! Battle on, my Essentia!
Mrrraaawwwrrr!!
Wha--?!
That is enough.
What?!
Who are you two? Why are you here?
Mimi is a Psychic-type Pokémon. It is only natural that it could find the friend to whom it has opened its heart.
You can't just barge into a private residence like this! This is a crime!
That may have been true had we forced our way onto the property. However, all we did was step into a wide-open elevator. Notwithstanding that, <var> is the partner of the great Looker! Were she in trouble, I would follow to the highest heights and the fathomless depths!
Grrr... Still, you will not capture me! Go, Essentia! Get them all!
... ... ...
Stop this, Emma!
Mrrrrrrawr!
It's useless, you fools! Nothing you try will work! Emma cannot hear you! The one in control of Essentia is not Emma, but me!
Can you hear me, Emma?! If you can wake yourself, I know you can break free of that suit! Awaken! Open your eyes! Emma! EMMA!!
... ... ...
Isn't the power of science amazing? There's no way she will hear you now!
Murrr-mrrraaawr!! Murrr-mrrraaawr!!
Mimi! Get back!
Mrawr?!
... ... ...Ugh!
UWAAAUUUGGGHHH!!
What?! How can this be happening? Not a problem, though. Watch this! Remote-control function... Set to maximum output!
Ugh! <var>! You must go! Stop Emma for me!
Stop Emma for me! This is all I am able to do! Please aid me!
Mrrraaawwwrrr-rawr!
Uwaugh!!!
... ... ...Ngh! GAAAAAHHH!!
There are no more Poké Balls! You must stop fighting!! EMMA!!!
... ... ...
GRAAAUUUGGGHHH! AUUUGGGHHH!!
No... Emma! What can I do?!
... ... ...
AAAUUUGGGHHHHH!!
Remote control... Power down. Deactivate.
GAAAHHH!!
... ... ...
E-Emma!! Are you all right?!
... ... ...
All I did was turn off the remote-control capability. There was never any danger to the girl.
What?!
Mmh... Mmm... Yawwwn! Hm? Oh, Dr. Xerosic... Are we all done for today?
Yes, my girl... We're done... You did a good job, Emma. The trials are now complete. I'm afraid your job is all over.
Yawwwn! Oh, really? Then I guess I've got to start looking for a new job again.
Huh? Wait? Why is everyone here? I thought it was a secret that I was working here!
E-Emma... Are you...all right?
Hm? What do you mean? I've just been taking a nap. My job here was really easy. All I had to do was wear this suit while I snoozed away.
What are you doing here, Mr. Looker? I thought you were in the hospital!
Uh... Ahem. N-no... You see...I got, uh, special permission to check myself out of the...hospital... I had to make sure you were OK, Emma. I had to see you, so I found out where you worked and came to find you.
Oh, I see. I was afraid you might be mad because I started working without telling you. I kept it a secret all this time... You really are a great detective, aren't you, Mr. Looker? You found me anyway!
Naturally! Now, Emma, how about you go and get some dinner? I need to have a little grown-up talk with Dr. Xerosic here!
Oh, sure. No problem! We'll head out now! Let's all go together! Mimi! And you, too, <var>!
That may be that...but... I think it's time you and I have a little chat, Dr. Xerosic.
Of course. Why would I mind having a chat with you..."Looker," or so you're apparently called.
Ahem. Let us get down to it. I would like to straighten this out before Emma returns. Dr. Xerosic, could you please confirm one small thing for me? The criminal mastermind behind all these incidents was--you yourself?
Oho. Right enough. The graffiti in the art museum and the theft of the Trainers' Poké Balls? All me, controlling Essentia remotely with the Expansion Suit! Emma was clinically unconscious in the suit. Her mind had no clue what her body was doing. She has zero responsibility for any of the crimes. You need not doubt her.
That's how it is?
If you're apprehending anyone, it should be me alone.
Ahem. For a minute, let's say I believe your statements--
You had better believe it. Emma is a fine person. She may be a bit foolish, but she's strong and clear in purpose. Yes, clarity... It is required when one dedicates oneself to a single pursuit. Clarity of heart and of purpose is needed if work such as my research is to succeed. The Expansion Suit that I dreamed of could have only been created thanks to the clear dedication of that girl's heart. When you add that all up, it means... That I have no regrets. Take me away, Officer.
I hear you. Once I have everything in order, I will ask you to accompany me to the station. And that is all I have to say to you as Looker of the International Police. What I say to you now, I say as simply Mr. Looker, young Emma's guardian...
Hm?
Would you care to stay and visit a while longer with Emma and me? She seems to have grown quite fond of you, you know. We are about to have dinner together, and she was hoping you would join us. Ahem... I would like to wait until tomorrow, after she has enjoyed a last cheerful night, before I must tell her the truth.
... ... ...
Dr. Xerosic...
... ... ... ... ... ... Looker--or whatever your name truly is-- your soft words are unexpected... But not unappreciated. Th-thanks.
Um-hm... That Mr. Looker! He said his stomach is still paining him too much to check out yet! I wonder if this time he'll tell me which hospital he's at. I've never even visited him once! And it seems like Mr. Xerosic is busy, too, what with getting ready for his big arrest and all. I gotta say it's a bit, well, lonesome around here at the office, really...
Mrawwr Mrrrawrrr!
LOOKER'S TOP-SECRET JOURNAL ･ The XXth day of the XXth month... The Kalos case has been closed. It will soon be time to move on.
You got a message on your Holo Caster!
