Ah, <var>, thank you so much for your time. I need three minutes only. Emma is on my mind. Recently, she has been running off somewhere on her own. And often. I was hoping to ask her to watch the office for me today, and once again, nowhere can she be found. It even seems as if she did not return here last night... Her friends from the former gang seem to be on the straight and narrow, so I hope this is not anything bad, but...
Hm? What's this? A Holo Caster clip?
Did you see that, <var>?! Where trouble goes, Looker must follow! I am on my way to the Lumiose Museum to begin my investigations! Most urgently! It is straight to the scene of the crime for us! ...Oh, wouldn't it be nice if that were true? But I actually have an appointment soon that I cannot possibly miss, so I am stuck here... I hate to ask this of you, but I need you to start the investigation without me, <var>!
I will be counting on your keen eyes, <var>! Go at once to the Lumiose Museum on North Boulevard, and get to the bottom of this mess!
LOOKER'S TOP-SECRET JOURNAL ･ The XXth day of the XXth month... Emma has been going out more and more often. I find it worrying, not knowing where she goes. Is this perhaps how a father feels? ･ The XXth day of the XXth month... The young people from the gang came by to tell us that they had secured part-time work. I've never worked within the Community Safety Department, but even I do feel quite moved to see young people turning their lives around.
LOOKER'S NOTEBOOK Recent Headlines ★ A vandal has damaged valuable artwork at the Lumiose Museum
Hey, kid! Listen to this! You've got some timing, picking today of all days to come to the museum... Or are you here because you heard about what happened?
Someone went and left some crazy graffiti on a piece on the third floor! Some kind of depraved criminal, I guess, sabotaging a historic and valuable artwork! You know, this place is supposed to have the strictest security. I wonder how a criminal would get access...
Head up to the top floor, and you can see the outrage. Believe me, it's unbelievable. The museum director's up there, too. Maybe he can tell you more.
...Mm-hmm.
I am the museum director. May I ask you a question, young manlady? When you behold this graffiti, what feelings rise up within you? Do you feel that the value of this glorious work of art has been affected? Does it seem too, too sullied to you?
Hmm... Yes, I can understand that. That would be the common opinion, would it not? Defacing a historical piece with graffiti... Defacing the history embodied by this great work of art! Consider the effort and pains of the artist... Well, it is simply profane to have treated this work so savagely!
Hmm... Yes, I can appreciate that. Allow me a further question. Do you think that this graffiti itself is art? Is it worthy of similar regard?
Mm-hmm... Yes, I see... The truth is that I feel the same way you do, young manlady. The violence of these lines... The dark humor with which they seem to scorn recorded history, defying its conventional narrative. It forces me to think: "Is this not art also? Is this statement truly a crime?" As the museum director, I cannot say such things publicly about what most consider the ruination of a great work.
The problem is what to do now. Trying to restore the original work may worsen the damage. I think we will have to leave it as it is until we can decide. I suppose if the news brings curious citizens like yourself to our doors, that is something of a silver lining. But who could be responsible for this shocking work?
<var>, have you seen the news? The purloining of Pokémon continues! It is unforgivable! We have not yet closed the case at the museum, but... When you consider how many are suffering, we must pursue the culprits! I have devised an absolutely amazing plan that will bring an immediate solution.
It will be a sting operation! It appears the criminals are targeting Trainers in places where there are no witnesses. If that is indeed the case, then we can simply bait a trap and wait!
First the "victim" will go to some deserted location and act lost. The criminals will think they've found an easy mark, and they will surely reveal themselves! All the reports say they like to challenge their victims to battle before stealing their Pokémon. That's when we'll get them! Right when they are distracted by the heat of a Pokémon battle! The backup, who will be hiding and watching, will appear and help take down the criminals!
Indeed. What do you think? It is not without risk, but it's quite the best plan we have! However! The plan will never succeed without you, <var>!
Esteemed <var>! Aid me in this!
No, my brave friend <var>! That is not the answer I hoped to hear! I need the help of my partner if I wish to uphold the peace of Lumiose City!
Many thanks! I knew I could count on my partner. Now, as to our assignments... There is little to decide, since you are aware that I have no Pokémon. Your role is therefore to play the victim in our little sting operation. I will conceal myself in the shadows and watch for my opening to attack. Keep your Pokémon ready to spring into battle when the criminals appear!
I ask myself how to draw these miscreants into approaching us. What we need is a place in this bustling city that is a little deserted, perhaps. A nice, neglected alley is exactly what I have in mind. Come, <var>! The game is afoot!
Let us begin the hunt close to home! The nearest alley is opposite the Galette Stand on North Boulevard. Go quickly, <var>! I will be right behind you!
Come, <var>! There is a time to hunt and a time to hide! And this is that time. To the alley opposite the Galette Stand on North Boulevard, at top speed!
LOOKER'S NOTEBOOK Recent Headlines ★ A vandal has damaged valuable artwork at the Lumiose Museum ★ Continuing thefts of Poké Balls from all around Lumiose City
Excuse me... Are you perhaps a Trainer? If you have a moment, how about a little battle with me?
I'm disappointed. And you looked strong, too. Is something the matter? If you just need a little time to prepare, I would be happy to wait.
I am just itching for a good battle... Let us begin at once!
Oh ho ho! You have some wonderfully strong Pokémon. I wonder, young manlady, if you wouldn't consider... giving them all to me!
Stop right there!
OBSTRUCTION DETECTED. PROCESS JEOPARDIZED. RELOCATE HUNTING GROUND.
Wha--?! What is that woman?! She's no Pokémon, yet she can use Transform? Oh, what am I doing? This is not a time to stand around being shocked! In fact, this is a time to dash off in pursuit! The chase is on! Now, considering the direction in which she ran, and the angle...hm...
<var>, my brave friend! I suspect she is headed for the alley beside North Boulevard's Café Triste! Please go ahead without me! I will be right behind you, just as soon as I have checked this place for clues!
But wait! One minute of your time! The great Looker will restore your Pokémon before you go!
I suspect she is headed for the alley beside Café Triste over on North Boulevard! I will come just as soon as I check this place for clues!
Hiya! You're a Trainer, right? How about a Pokémon battle?
Really, no? But why-y-y-y-y? I can wait if you need a sec. Why don't you go get the very strongest Pokémon you have?
I can't wait to see which Pokémon you use! Let's have a great battle!
Wow, Mr.iss Trainer, your Pokémon are super strong! They're so awesome. I sure wish I had Pokémon like that. I could really do well with those Pokémon. In fact... Hand them over right now.
Not today, you crook! I will not allow it!
RECURRENT INTERFERENCE.
Argh! She has run off on us again! Is she really not a Pokémon? I've never seen a human jump like that... Oh, what am I doing? This is no time to stand around being impressed! Now is the time to chase the culprit! Considering the direction she ran off...hmm...
Brave <var>! Her goal must be the alley opposite North Boulevard's Lumiose Station! Go ahead without me! I will follow close behind you, just as soon as I have checked this place for clues!
No, wait! Thirty seconds! How could I forget twice?! Let me just restore your Pokémon before you go!
Next is the alley opposite Lumiose Station on North Boulevard! I will come just as soon as I check this place for clues!
Ahhh... This pain in my chest... Is this what a broken heart feels like?
What is it? What has happened? <var>, my friend!
Come now... Young man... What has happened to you?
...It was over in a flash. I was training here in the alley when an enchanting young lady challenged me to battle... And then she...
What did she do?
She utterly destroyed me! My heart was stolen by those brunette locks and the intensity of those glittering eyes! And then she took them... My precious Poké Balls... She took them by force... Arghh... The memory is enough to make me start crying again...
Argh! So we were too late... And where did the woman go?!
Sniffle...sniffle... She went running off toward South Boulevard, I guess... Ugh... What possessed that... svelte siren...
South Boulevard, huh?
<var>! There is only one alley on South Boulevard! Exactly and precisely the same alley where we first met Emma and Mimi! Go at top speed, if you please! I will do what I can for this poor man and then follow as quickly as I can!
There is only one alley to be found on South Boulevard! It is the exact same alley where we first met Emma and Mimi! Go there at once, my young friend, and catch that criminal!
Those long, lovely legs hit me like a chop to the back of the head... Feeling the pain of being stomped into the ground by a pair of high heels... While her easy smile never slipped... Arrrgh... Just remembering is enough to make me break down...
Welcome, welcome. Step right up. I didn't expect you to show. But here you are.
Heh heh heh... Let's get into it.
Oh? You're scared to battle? Are you sure?
Heh heh heh... That's right! No running away! Let's start!
You really do have some of the best Pokémon... So why not give up already and hand them over to me?
RELINQUISH EVERY POKÉMON YOU POSSESS. COOPERATE OR I WILL TAKE THEM BY FORCE.
Freeze!
Pokémon thief! I will not let you lay a finger on my partner!
DO NOT OBSTRUCT ME. I WILL ERADICATE YOU.
Easy words, but not so easy to carry out! Even though I, the great Looker, have no Pokémon, I yet have my fists! I'm a trained expert. The outlook for you is dismal.
Mrrraaawwwr!
M-Mimi?! Why--?!
Mrrr-murrr!
Mrrrawwwrrr mrawr! ♪
... ... ...
Mimi! That woman is dangerous! Move away from her at once!
Mrrraaawwwrrr! ♪ Mrrrawwwwwwrrr! ♪
THIS CREATURE... I DO NOT UNDERSTAND ITS PROCESS.
How can this be? Why would our Mimi act so friendly to...
It...cannot...be. It cannot be so.
OBSTRUCTION... ERADICATE OBSTRUCTION.
Mimi! Watch out!
Rrrrawwwrrr!
Augh!
Ughhh...
WHY DO YOU PROTECT THIS POKÉMON? I DO NOT UNDERSTAND YOUR PROCESS.

IRRELEVANT. COMMENCE ERADICATION PROCEDURE...
W-wait... Stop this... Emma...
EMMA?
Th-that's right... You are... You are Emma. Is it not so?
... ... ...
Ungh... M-Mimi hates all adults... The only person it loves... enough to make it jump for joy... is you, Emma...
I AM NOT AN EMMA. I AM ESSENTIA.
Eurgh... Essentia? You cannot deceive me, Emma. You may trick an ordinary human eye... But you could never fake the bond between you and...Mimi...
Mrrrawwwr...
... ... ...
What is the matter with you, Emma? Why would you do these things! If you are in some sort of trouble, could you not have shared it with me?
... ... ...
Emma! SAY SOMETHING!
... ... ...Ugh!
E-Emma?
AUUUGGGHHHHHHHHH!!
Emma! What's wrong?!
MUST...DISCONTINUE...
Emma!
Mrrr-mrrrawwwrrrr!
Oh no... Emma...
Ahem... <var>, forgive me... It seems that last hit...got to me... Do you think you could possibly... help me back to the office...
Thank you for your kindness, <var>. Your help has saved me again today.
Murrr-murrr...
Even the great Looker can be taken down, as you see. The injury to my stomach, a mere trifle, not at all...cough, cough...painful. I may just pop by...the hospital... It has been quite a busy day, in fact. Please go home and rest yourself.
Mimi, could you give this to <var>? I am about to embark on a dangerous investigation. I must venture upon this road alone, in order to preserve you all from harm. I will claim to be staying in the hospital... and use this chance to slip away...
Mraaawwwrrr!
Urrugh... My injuries may be worse than I guessed... But I must press on! I can't let this slow me down. Essentia... I know without doubt that she is Emma... That suit she wears is most likely the doing of that man... The man I have come so far to hunt down. If I fail to find and stop him, my Emma might never...
I have no choice but to beg the help of that despicable...
Mrrrawr...
Mimi is carrying a note. Would you like to read it?
"To my esteemed partner: It is I, the great Looker. I must investigate certain matters in regard to the Essentia case, and so I must leave the Looker Bureau for some time. While I am away on this important task, I would ask two favors of you. First, if you should somehow meet Emma, you must pretend to know nothing of the recent incidents around town."
"The other thing I ask is simply... Should Emma ever come to you asking where I have been all this long while... Please tell her that I am in the hospital with some minor complaint. She is not to worry. I know that this may seem an extreme request, but I trust you to do the right thing.                                            Your partner,                                                Looker"
LOOKER'S TOP-SECRET JOURNAL ･ The XXth day of the XXth month... I sense that my duties here in the Kalos region draw near their end. I will attempt to contact that one who is rumored to have ties to Team Flare. This will not come without cost, truly. Such a one does not do favors for nothing. I will need something that I can use to persuade such a fiend... Some bargaining chip...
You got a message on your Holo Caster!
