Dude, kid... What d'you think you're wearing? You ain't got no sense of style. You're getting about a million years ahead of yourself if you think you can meet the boss.
Dude, kid... What's up with your crazy style? It's, like, out-of-this-world awesome! I'm begging you, kid! Please! Won't you meet with the boss?
Yo, boss!
Go on with you. But don't say nothin' rude. He is the boss, y'know.
The boss is totally awesome, right? And d'you know why he's so awesome? Because he's the baddest skater in the region. Everyone calls him the Twirling Whirlwind!
You've done well to come to me. I am the boss here. Call me Boss. Forget names. That's the only word that could be properly used to describe me. And who are you, young one? ... ... ... <var>? It is a good name.
I have been waiting many years... I've sought an individual who was born into this world for the great purpose of beautiful skating. It seems the moment I have been waiting for has finally come. You are the one! You will be able to use this move far better than I have ever been able to!
<var> was taught the cosmic flip trick!
What I just taught you can only be done by going off a ledge while doing a drift-and-dash. It is an extremely difficult technique to master. This technique is known as the cosmic flip.
If you can use that move successfully, then I'll have no regrets left in life!
Whenever you use this technique, I am right there with you in spirit. Thank you, <var>, my friend...
Think what you may of my looks, but at least I'm honest. And I'm telling you... You're not cool at all. Just look at you! You've got to take care of yourself!
Think what you may of my looks, but at least I'm honest. And I'm telling you... You're definitely cool. Just look at you! I think I might be falling in love!
Think what you may of my looks, but at least I'm honest. And I'm telling you... You're definitely cool. Just look at you! I think you'll be my next idol!
I came here because I heard there was some great Roller Skater, but... It seems like my skills as a Roller Skater still aren't quite up to snuff...
You met the Twirling Whirlwind?! You lucky little... I'm so jealous...
They say he could once captivate the hearts of all Lumiose City, dashing through her streets. The legendary Roller Skater and his legendary move... I really wanna learn it...
Your technique is fantastic. Thanks to you, the legend of the cosmic flip will continue on into the future. When I think that, I feel a bit cheerier.
It's not for skating, but I've got a trick to teach ya. Try using this move, would ya?
Throw your item at another Pokémon, and it will catch it and hold on to it. You can throw something nasty at an opponent, or you can throw a Berry or something to an ally in a Double Battle.
