

We're in the deepest part of the headquarters... It's somehow hard to breathe in here.
So this is the place... It's really hard to breathe in here. Feels like there's a weight on my chest...
Hey... Is that thing that looks like a tree the Legendary Pokémon? It doesn't look like it's alive, but...
Hey... Is that thing that looks like a cocoon the Legendary Pokémon? It doesn't look like it's alive, but...
That's none of your business, kids.
The ultimate weapon has taken 99 percent of the Legendary Pokémon's energy. But just to make double sure nothing goes wrong, let's take these runts out!
Nooo! I hate being chased!
Oh, Shauna... This again? <var>! You take care of things here! I'll protect Shauna!
It's the Poké Ball Factory all over again... <var>! You take care of things here! I'll protect Shauna!
Make sure to take care of those runts that ran away! I should've expected as much from kids who made it clear down here. It was a pretty simple tactic, but it managed to split us up. That girl's pretty good!
So, you really think you can beat us?
No way! This puts the "no" in no way!
Contact Lysandre! Call for reinforcements!



Aaaaauh!
Rrrrrh!






Xsaaaaaah!
Yvaaaaaar!
What a relief... Now they can't use the ultimate weapon.
Great! Now they can't use the ultimate weapon.
You're amazing, <var>! A Legendary Pokémon wanting to be your friend like that! It's unbelievable!
What a startling development! I never would've thought you were really a chosen one!
So THIS is the mighty Xerneas?! I expected more from a Pokémon called a legend! You desire help from people? YOU need help from a human?
So THIS is the mighty Yveltal?! I expected more from a Pokémon called a legend! You desire help from people? YOU need help from a human?
Wh-what's going on with that outfit! Is that really you, Lysandre? Oh, whatever! <var> already beat you! What are you doing here?
For me, victory is using the ultimate weapon. In order to do that, I need to reclaim the Legendary Pokémon's power and send it to that weapon once again.
I'll be taking the Legendary Pokémon back now!
This time, I won't lose. I, too, shall use the Mega Ring and Mega Stone that you researched during your travels.
Whaugh!
Um... Know what I think? Even if there's only a little bit of something, it's still best to share it.
Even you managed to use Mega Evolution... That's because Gyarados shared its power with you, didn't it? And not just Gyarados, but your other Pokémon, too...
...
The Legendary Pokémon is gone, so you can't use the ultimate weapon anymore, right? You don't have to worry about the future all by yourself... I think everyone should work together to make a better, beautiful world...
The Legendary Pokémon is gone, so you can't use the ultimate weapon anymore, right? You don't have to worry about the future all alone... Shouldn't everybody work together to make a beautiful world?
If that were possible, all wars would have ended long ago! I can only see one future! One where selfish, foolish humans think about nothing other than themselves and steal more and more from one another... It's a tragic future!
The original purpose of this device was to bring a Pokémon back to life. But the ancient king transformed it into this ultimate weapon... Hmm. When the Legendary Pokémon awakened, it took back much of its energy--its power-- that had been sent to the ultimate weapon. There's not much power left... But there IS enough to use it once...
<var>, Sycamore's pupils... Let us live forever... That's right! I shall grant you eternal life! I'll give you the pain of endlessly waiting for a beautiful world to finally be built!
<var>, Sycamore's pupils... The ultimate weapon is a flower that bloomed to no avail... Just like me... But this ends here! I will show you what its remaining power can do!
<var>! Shauna! Let's get out of here!
<var>! Shauna! Let's get out of here!
If you guys think we'll let you join Team Flare after all this, you've got another think coming!
Lysandre is only going to save Team Flare, because we're the only ones who are truly worried about the future.
Taking all of the money and stuff for ourselves will make a world where Team Flare is happy!
Not having a ton of money is really stressful, you know...
The ultimate weapon is stealing the Legendary Pokémon's power.
There's no way everybody can be happy! Each of us has different dreams.
Do you actually think all living things can be truly happy?
One person's pleasure is another person's pain, right?
Add <var> to your party from the Box?
<var> will not be added to your party... Is that OK?
Send which Pokémon back to the Box?
Sending <var> back to the Box... Is that OK?
<var> was added to your party!
Xerneas is looking at <var>. It seems like it wants to help.
Yveltal is looking at <var>. It seems like it wants to help.
