How much longer?
If you're just interested in the facts, I'd say we already have enough energy to power the device.
Good. Let's finish up here and move out. There's still more work to be done.
What other work do you mean?
Perhaps you mean taking out that annoying little Pokémon Trainer over there?
What's this?
I didn't think anyone remained here after we dealt with the workers.
Scientist, take care of this pesky intruder!
Ah ha ha! It would be my pleasure!
Come on, little Trainer! Let's see what you've got!
Allow me to introduce myself, intruder. My name is Aliana. As you can see, I'm one of Team Flare's Scientists. I'm researching a certain something that you wouldn't understand, anyway. Unfortunately for you, I've been charged with the simple task of your elimination.
Ah ha ha! Well, I certainly didn't expect you to be so interesting! I do hope we can meet again!
All clear. No problems in sight! Unless you count how boring this is!
I think I understand now... Peaceful but boring may not be so bad...
Oh, I sure do love me a good happening! I always feel like I've gotten something done after overcoming a challenge!
My life is full of happenings... Maybe that's not so bad, though!
Hey! Stop right there, intruder! I'll warn you now--I can be persistent!
Now I'm mad! I told you I was persistent! I refuse to budge from this spot! Not an inch!
Go, Team Flare! Go, go, Team Flare! F to the L to the A to the R to the E! F-L-A-R-E! We bring it! You know it!
Simple defeat won't stop me from cheering! Go, Team Flare! Go, go, Team Flare! F to the L to the A to the R to the E!
What do I want to do? Hmmm... How about inflicting some serious pain on your Pokémon?
You should do what you wanna do, too!
You'll not get past me! My pride is enough to keep you at bay!
I may not have been able to stop you, but I ain't apologizing to nobody! The person up top who assigned me to this post is at fault--not me!
Oh my!
You chased off that mysterious bunch before we could even get here?
Well, I guess there's always room for more defenders of Kalos! Let me heal your Pokémon as thanks!
You and your Pokémon are the ultimate team! No doubt about it! But don't push yourself too hard. Here. Take these.
Thanks to you, the power is back on in Lumiose City. Now people can pass through the gate connecting Route 13 to Lumiose City again.
Well, I think us mysterious people will be off now! I leave before being left. I decide. Au revoir!
