<var>! Wait a second!
I've been thinking ever since all that trouble in Geosenge.
Lysandre chose only Team Flare. You and I chose everyone but Team Flare. But since our positions forced our hands, you can't really say any of us were right.
That's why I feel that... If both sides have something to say, maybe it's best to meet halfway...
So, I made a decision... From now on, I don't want to battle just to win but to see how you and your Pokémon think and feel! That's the kind of Pokémon Battle I'm going to have with you right now!
It's hard to put a finger on it exactly, but I feel like you and I are alike. And that's why I didn't want to lose to you. But I think the reason we're so alike is because we have so many things in common. I'm really happy that we're friends...
I'm renewing my rivalry with you! Since you're my rival, I want you to become a stronger and stronger Pokémon Trainer.
We'll keep getting stronger, too, of course! I suppose the first step is mastering the power that comes from the bond between me and my Pokémon, just like you did! Do your best at the Pokémon League! An awesome Trainer like you can handle it!
<var>! Wait up!
I've been thinking ever since that incident in Geosenge.
Lysandre chose only Team Flare. You and I chose everyone but Team Flare. But since our positions forced our hands, you can't really say any of us were right.
So maybe... If both sides have something to say, it's best to meet halfway...
So I decided that from now on, I don't want to battle just to win but to see how you and your Pokémon think and feel! And that's the kind of Pokémon battle I'm challenging you to now!
It's hard to put a finger on where, but I think you and I are alike. And that's why I didn't want to lose to you. But I think the reason we're alike is because we have so much in common. I'm really happy that we're friends.
I'm renewing my rivalry with you! Since you're my rival, I hope you get stronger and stronger as a Pokémon Trainer.
But we'll keep getting stronger and stronger, too! I can master the power that comes from the bond between me and my Pokémon, just like you did! Power right on through the Pokémon League! I know you can do it!
Even if you're proceeding slowly, keep walking. If you do, you'll reach your dream.
Victory Road is tough. Rest up a minute!
