Come now. Work for Team Flare! If you'd just help out, we wouldn't have to carry all these Poké Balls by ourselves.
Or, with a contribution of just $5,000,000, you could become a member of Team Flare. It's a no-brainer!
What in the world are you Team Flare fools thinking?! I'll never forgive any group that tries to take all the Poké Balls for itself!
Forget it. Quit wasting your time with this person.
I agree. There's no one we can use here. Let's blow this place to smithereens.
Well, what do we have here? An intruder?
You're one to talk! You! Please! Help me!
My oh my. Getting a little desperate, are we, Mr. Company President? Well, I guess I'll just have to extinguish your little glimmer of hope.
C-come on! You didn't have to go all out for a pitiful president like him!
So lame! That's just embarrassing from an admin! Still, no worries. We're on it! This pair of scientists will clean up after you.
Let's take himer on two versus one. We must improve our chances of winning.
We'll see about that!
I can't let you do that.
Sorry I'm late!
Sorry to have kept you waiting!
There's another one?
One kid or two, it doesn't make a lot of difference. When we're the ones fighting together, our odds of victory increase exponentially!
You might want to check your numbers. Are you really even scientists?
Can you help me fight them, neighbor?
Let's go!
Got it!
I think your math is off. And I thought you were supposed to be scientists!
Are you ready to fight alongside me, neighbor?
Let's get 'em!
Got it!
I hope you get the tar beat out of you... If you're scared, you'd better run...
Double Battles let you cover each other's weaknesses.
In Double Battles, both Pokémon use some powerful moves!
Please help... I beg you...
Oh my, oh my?
So lame! What a shame! We got beat!
Enough already! We've already stolen the Poké Balls, Great Balls, and Ultra Balls. Let's call it good and leave.
You saved us! Thank you so much!
You're astounding Pokémon Trainers for being so young. Very well, then. I want to show my appreciation. I'll give you a Master Ball or a Big Nugget. Pick whichever one you'd like.
I think you should pick first.
Go ahead and pick first.
I'll give you a Master Ball or a Big Nugget. Pick whichever one you'd like.
Master Ball
Big Nugget
And here you go!
And as a bonus, you can have the one you didn't pick as well!
And for you, too, of course!
Th-thank you! This seems like a lot...
Oh. Thank you.
I just have a feeling you two will put them to great use. You're different from those Team Flare people. Oh, and even I don't know the proper way to use a Big Nugget.
Still... That blasted Team Flare. What were they planning to accomplish by taking all the Poké Balls for themselves...
Without Poké Balls, people can't catch Pokémon. Which means many people won't be able to make friends with Pokémon.
No matter the tool, what's important are the feelings of the people using it.
So, they stole Poké Balls, right? That means they must be planning something they need many Pokémon for. I heard that Team Flare was also behind the trouble at the Power Plant. Pokémon... And electricity... What could they be after?
So, they stole Poké Balls, right? They must be planning something they need lots of Pokémon for. I heard that Team Flare was also behind the trouble at the Power Plant. Pokémon... And electricity... What are they after?
