'Scuse me! Got a minute? You look like you know a lot about Pokémon. Could you use your knowledge to help me out?
Hey, thanks! Here's what I'm wondering about. Usually, Ground-type moves can't hit a Pokémon with the Levitate Ability. But I'm sure there's some way to do it. I just can't for the life of me figure out how... I have several ideas, but I can't decide which one to try. That's why I want your opinion on the matter!
Oh... Well, can't be helped. If you ever change your mind, I'd still like to pick your brain...
First, I'd like some advice about items. See, I want to use Trick or Switcheroo to give an item to a Pokémon that has the Levitate Ability so I can hit it with Ground-type moves! After wondering about what item I should give, I thought an Iron Ball might work. I'm not sure, though... What do you think? Is an Iron Ball a good idea?
That's fine
OK
All right
Oh! I knew it! But hearing you say it makes me feel much more confident! So passing an Iron Ball to a Pokémon with Levitate means Ground-type moves can hit it! Thanks!
I'd like to pick your brain again. Is that OK?
I'd like to get your advice on moves. If I use a certain move on a Pokémon with the Levitate Ability and then use a Ground-type move on it, I think it could work. Which move should I choose: Smack Down, Gravity, or Gastro Acid?
Smack Down
Gravity
Gastro Acid
Of course! Smack Down! It will knock a Flying-type Pokémon, or a Pokémon with Levitate, out of the air, so Ground-type moves will work on it! So if I use Smack Down and then use a Ground- type move... Yes! I get it now! Thanks!
That's it! Gravity! The move Gravity makes gravity stronger, so any Ground-type moves will work on Pokémon with the Levitate Ability or Flying-type Pokémon. So if I use Gravity and then a Ground-type move... Yes! I get it now! Thanks!
I see! Gastro Acid! That's right--Gastro Acid eliminates the effects of Abilities. That means Levitate won't work anymore! So if I use Gastro Acid and then use a Ground- type move... Yes! I get it now! Thanks!
I promise, this is the last time! But I'd like a little advice about Abilities. Apparently some Abilities let you hit Pokémon that have Levitate with Ground-type moves! But... I'm not sure which one to use! Mold Breaker, Teravolt, and Turboblaze all seem like pretty good choices... I'm close, but I can't decide. Help! Please decide for me!
Mold Breaker
Teravolt
Turboblaze
So you'd say Mold Breaker, then? That's right, huh? Mold Breaker lets you use moves regardless of the target's Ability. Levitate won't matter, so you can land hit after hit with Ground-type moves! Man, Mold Breaker's so cool! Viva Mold Breaker!
Oh, you say Teravolt?! You're totally right! Teravolt lets you use moves regardless of the target's Ability! Levitate won't matter, so you can land hit after hit with Ground-type moves! Man, Teravolt's so cool! Viva Teravolt!
So you say Turboblaze?! Of course! Duh! Turboblaze lets you use moves regardless of the target's Ability! Levitate won't matter, so you can land hit after hit with Ground-type moves! Man, Turboblaze is so cool! Viva Turboblaze!
Thanks! Because of you, I'm prepared for Levitate! And more importantly, I'm prepared for any and all anti-Levitate tactics! Heh heh heh... Now, no matter which Pokémon I face, victory is assured for my levitating Pokémon!
Well! Do you dare battle my invincible Pokémon with the Levitate Ability?
Hmm... I thought I was completely prepared for anti- Levitate tactics... But in real battles, things never seem to go quite as smoothly as you expect. Or maybe you're just that good!
If you want to battle, come talk to me again! I'll take you on anytime!
