Why, hello there. You must be that apprentice of Professor Sycamore's I've heard so much about. It's my guess that you've come to ask about the Legendary Pokémon of the Kalos region, Xerneas. Well, allow me to tell you what I know.
It happened around 800 years ago. The Pokémon known as Xerneas used its shining horns to illuminate the lands of Kalos. At that very moment, people and Pokémon throughout the land felt great energy and vitality surge through their bodies. At the same time, a vast forest sprang up, with Xerneas at its center.
Legend has it that, when it nears the end of its thousand-year life span, Xerneas releases all of its remaining energy, sharing it with all living things nearby. There's another story I know that talks of the appearance of just such a fortuitous Pokémon.
Back 3,000 years ago, the Kalos region was engulfed in a terrible war. So the tale goes, a Pokémon came to the rescue of all of the wounded Pokémon that had been caught up in the conflict. Some people suspect the Pokémon that appeared was Xerneas, but there's no way to know. Maybe they just wished a Legendary Pokémon had come to the rescue to brighten a tale of woe.
Supposedly, after Xerneas released its remaining energy, it transformed into a dried-up tree. It remains in hiding deep within the forest. According to old tales, as I say. Stories and tales.
Why, hello there. You must be that apprentice of Professor Sycamore's I've heard so much about. It's my guess that you've come to ask about the Legendary Pokémon of the Kalos region, Yveltal. Well, allow me to tell you what I know.
It happened around 800 years ago. The Pokémon known as Yveltal spread its ominous wings, engulfing the lands of Kalos in darkness. At that moment, people and Pokémon throughout the land began to fall one by one. Yveltal let out a piercing cry and took to the sky, vanishing to an unknown location.
Stories say that when it nears the end of its thousand-year life span, Yveltal absorbs the life force of the living things around it in order to charge its own energy. Another tale talks of the appearance of just such a terrifying Pokémon.
Back 3,000 years ago, the Kalos region was engulfed in a terrible war. According to the stories, a Pokémon appeared and stole the life force of countless living beings. Some people suspect the Pokémon that appeared was Yveltal, but there's no way to know. Maybe they're just using a Legendary Pokémon as a metaphor for war and pestilence.
In the tales, after Yveltal finished storing the energy it had absorbed, it transformed into a kind of cocoon, remaining in hiding deep in the mountains. According to old tales, as I say. Tales and stories.
What happened to that strange bunch of folks in their red outfits? I wonder if they're still out there, seeking Legendary Pokémon. A few years back, some people came around here, asking the same questions.
I heard about the incident in Geosenge Town. They say that the strange group dressed in red managed to find Xerneas asleep somewhere. A few years back, a different group of people came around here, asking the same questions.
I heard about the incident in Geosenge Town. They say that the strange group dressed in red managed to find Yveltal asleep somewhere. A few years back, a different group of people came around here, asking the same questions.
