Oh, if it isn't a young Trainer... So you've flown all the way through my Gym, fluttering down to me on a fortunate wind. Then I suppose you have earned yourself the right to a battle, as a reward for your efforts. I am Valerie, who leads this Fairy-type Gym. I hope your visit will prove entertaining to you. The elusive Fairy types may appear frail as a breeze and delicate as a bloom, but they are strong.
Yes... That was a fine battle. I shall reward you for this great victory. This is the Fairy Badge. It is yours now. Its beauty is captivating, is it not? ... ... ... ... ... ... Ah... Do forgive me. I was so captivated, I forgot for a moment that it is yours.
<var> received the Fairy Badge from Valerie!
This captivating Fairy Badge will endear any Pokémon up to Lv. 80 to you... Yes, even those Pokémon that you may receive from others will obey you. I also wish to award you this TM... Please consider it a personal gift from me, not simply the winnings of a battle.
Oh? My, what a curious feeling... I can't seem to recall any longer which move is contained in that TM. I hope you might forgive me.
My designs are said to be rather mystifying. Do you agree with that? I've always wanted to be a Pokémon, you see. That desire is my inspiration and what I try to achieve by designing.
And yet...the only time I feel I am truly one with Pokémon is when we are embroiled in desperate battle. I wonder why that is... Hmm... Could it be-- Never mind. It is nothing, kind Trainer.
What do you think it is exactly that separates humans from Pokémon? Is there even need for such a thing? Why should they be separate from one another?
Well, howdy, Mr.iss Pouty! What's new, future Champ?
This here Laverre City Pokémon Gym has some truly confounding conundrums! The first shocker is this here is a Fairy-type Gym. Bet you've never seen one of these before! The second shocker is how you get around! Hop on one of the warp panels and off you go, but where you'll land, nobody knows! Ha! Just pulling your leg, Champ! The warp panels all have fixed destinations, of course. So go on! Step on a flashing yellow panel!
You found the Gym Leader and beat her! No small feat! Super sweet! We've put your name on those mysterious statues. Give them a poke--they're surprisingly soft, right?
Laverre City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Valerie Certified Trainers:
Laverre City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Valerie Certified Trainers: <var>
It's a mannequin used by pattern makers when draping.
It's a sewing machine that can be operated using a foot pedal.
Some very expensive-looking shelves line the wall.
It's a vintage desk that perfectly matches the study.
A tea stand rests atop the table.
Kitchenware made of fine gold is stored in the cupboard.
It's a decorative fireplace.
It's a bathtub with ornate legs.
It's a sink and mirror set that has been polished to perfection.
It's a brilliantly bright standing lamp.
A vanity mirror is attached to the dresser.
A full-length mirror that makes you feel as though you'll be sucked right in.
It's a massive bed, complete with a canopy.
It's a rather ornate bureau.
