Why hello, <var>!
How have you been?
How's your journey going? You see, when I was younger, I visited many different regions as well. I met many kinds of Pokémon and noticed how each place has its own distinct flavors. So, I really came to enjoy trying new foods as I traveled. Because of my adventures, I'm an expert on the cafés all over Kalos.
Um... Professor...
Come now, Dexio. I'm going somewhere with this.
Do you remember the Pokémon Lysandre mentioned in that café?
Wonderful! I knew you would!
I suppose you wouldn't. It's important to forget things from time to time.
Kalos's Legendary Pokémon is called... Xerneas!
Kalos's Legendary Pokémon is called... Yveltal!
According to material I've read, those who saw it were so overwhelmed by its power, they were only able to say that this Pokémon resembled the letter X.
According to material I've read, those who saw it were so overwhelmed by its power, they were only able to say that this Pokémon resembled the letter Y.
Apparently, this Pokémon can control energy. It gives life energy to plants and Pokémon, and makes them full of vitality again.
Apparently, this Pokémon will absorb energy. Its life span is said to be 1,000 years. When it reaches the end of its life, it steals all of the spirits around it.
Wherever do you think a Pokémon that amazing could be now?
When Kalos's Legendary Pokémon loses all of its vitality, it goes to sleep in a secret place. I don't have a clue where it could be. The writings that mention it are also around a thousand years old, so they aren't much help.
It would be absolutely astounding if you found it, <var>.
It would be absolutely astounding if you found it, <var>.
Maybe I'll look into the legend a little bit. If I find something, I'll let you know!
Ah ha ha! Oh, it would be a thrill if you found it, indeed! But your journey is yours and your Pokémon's alone. I want you to enjoy yourself and do whatever you'd like!
Um... Is the Professor gone already?
I was hoping to have him have a look at my Pokédex in person. Oh well, I can still get my Pokédex evaluated at a Pokémon Center's PC... Anyway, I'm heading off to go look for Pokémon in the Frost Cavern and fill up more of my Pokédex!
Mamoswine is amazing! It lived 10,000 years frozen in ice!
Something about the word "lost" always piques my interest.
Windmills rotate just like the wheel of destiny! So, Rotation Battles are like windmills! Ah...I mean destiny!
Welcome... Moomoo Milk is just $500 a bottle. How about some for your journey?
Here's your Moomoo Milk...
I'm so sorry, but your Bag is full...
I'm so sorry, but you don't have enough money.
Please buy some another time!
A dozen! That's 12 bottles. Here it is, your Moomoo Milk!
I'll take one.
I'll take a dozen!
I'll pass.
The Frost Cavern's water flows in, and the swimming Pokémon look so comfortable.
When I'm working in the fields and plowing the soil, I feel like part of nature.
Dendemille Town A town where fluff dances on the wind.
Trainer Tips! Even when two Pokémon are the same species, it doesn't mean their strength is the same. For example, a Pokémon raised by a Trainer will be stronger than one found in the wild.
