When I was a child, I saw a Pokémon Trainer with a great Ampharos in Azure Bay...
A wandering young Trainer, are you? Let me guess--you wish to fish for all the Pokémon in the water, right? I'm sure you do! Shall I lend you a rod? I'm a fishing fanatic, and I've collected more Good Rods than I could ever use!
You really do want to fish for all of the Pokémon in the water, huh? Then how about I give you a rod?
Yeah!
Not now.
Here you are: one Good Rod! Go take it for a spin, all right?
Ah hm! What a modest ladss you are, hm? Look at that lovely, spacious Bag of yours! Don't think you could keep a Good Rod in it?
My Magikarp is so cute when it eats Poké Puffs with gusto. Watching it eat them made me go off my diet again...
What's going on at the Kalos Power Plant? I heard the electricity for Lumiose City is getting lower than usual.
The Power Plant on Route 13 is the pride of Kalos. It's producing electricity with state-of-the-art technology.
I'm so happy to be able to ride the monorail every time I go to the Pokémon Center.
I traveled all over the world and collected various incenses!
A nice <var> is on the table with a sign saying, "Help yourself." Will you take the <var>?
The sign on the table says, "I'll place one Berry here a day."
<var> paid money!
The sign on the table says, "I'll place one Berry here a day."
There's no room for the Berry. Don't be too greedy!
You don't have enough money...
Coumarine City The city where bay and butte are bound.
Seaside Station Take the monorail here to the Pokémon Center and the Pokémon Gym!
Totally random TM quiz! If you give me a correct answer... Whoa! I'll give you a TM! Do you want to try the quiz?
Yay! Now, here's the question!
Hmm. I see... I've been waiting for your challenge.
What's the move that I'm describing? It makes the target lose its ability to concentrate and lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
What's the move that I'm describing? If the user is not holding an item, this attack inflicts massive damage.
What's the move that I'm describing? This move prevents the target from using its held item.
What's the move that I'm describing? Slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
Confide
Acrobatics
Embargo
Trick Room
Hmmm. Are you sure? I'll ask you again.
Correct, correct, CORRECT! As I promised, I'll give you a TM! I don't have to explain what kind of move this is, correct?
Please come again tomorrow. If you give me a correct answer, I'll give you another TM.
I don't have any more questions for you, quiz champion.
