

















Hmm! Looks like everyone is finally here.
<var>!
Where have you been?
How are your Pokémon?
It feels like it's been some time since our whole group has gathered in one place.
Yeah. I think it's been since we met up on Route 7.
Mr. Mega Evolution Guru... I've been wondering this whole time. Who is that over there?
This is my granddaughter Korrina. She's Shalour City's Gym Leader.
So, Sycamore's pupils. Now that you're all here... I suppose I should explain Mega Evolution to you.
I assume you all know about Pokémon Evolution?
I know! I know! Um... You have your Pokémon battle a lot, and then they grow stronger and evolve! Oh, and there are Pokémon that evolve with certain items. ♪
Some Pokémon evolve through friendship, and others only evolve in certain places.
Some Pokémon evolve through friendship, and others only evolve in certain places.
Exactly! And it's likely that Pokémon evolve in a lot of other ways as well! But Mega Evolution is an Evolution that transcends all other Evolution!
Indeed! Mega Evolution is a transformation of Pokémon that were thought to be unable to evolve any further! It's a whole new level of power!
So in an Evolutionary line like Charmander, Charmeleon, and Charizard... Does that mean Charizard would be able to evolve even further?
Yep! Exactly right! But not all Pokémon have a Mega Evolution.
There's a reason why I used the word "transformation" a moment ago. Mega Evolution differs from Evolution because it ends after a certain amount of time. In other words, it's a temporary Evolution.
What?! It evolves, but then it goes back to what it was before?
Yes... Mega Evolution is a special kind of Evolution. That said, we still know very little about it.
What we know now is that it requires special items. And the most important element is the trust between Pokémon and Trainer.
Trust... In other words, the bond between Trainer and Pokémon!
Trust... In other words, the bond between Trainer and Pokémon!
To make Mega Evolution work, you need two items: a Mega Stone for the Pokémon and the Mega Ring, which has a mysterious stone set in it, for the Trainer.
Since Professor Sycamore entrusted each one of you with a Pokédex, I would like to give these items to all of you... I'd like to share them with you, but...
But? But what? Just come out and say it already!
Sorry, but presently, I have only one Mega Ring... It's a very precious item. That's why my research isn't getting anywhere... So, I want all of you to decide among yourselves which one of you will be the one who challenges the Mega Evolution successor.
I'll pass. Pokémon battling isn't really my scene. So, Mega Evolution would be way out of my league.
Me, too! It really would be a cool memory, and it does look interesting, but...
I want to complete the Pokédex first. If you try to do too much at once, you won't accomplish anything.
So that leaves <var> and SerenaCalem, then.
Trainers don't get much better than you two.
<var>, let's battle for it! Whatever the reason, a battle gives us an opportunity to compete and see who Vaniville Town's best Trainer really is!
<var>, let's battle for it! No matter what the reason is, a battle is a good chance for the two of us to compete and see who Vaniville Town's best Trainer really is!
Let's see which one of you has more love and trust toward your Pokémon!
Not a bad idea... You can learn many new things by battling!
Oh, wow! I'll be cheering for both of you! ♪
You're gonna fight over something even though you're friends?
The stones for Mega Evolution are just that precious, I suppose.
Are you ready?
I will master Mega Evolution and set myself apart from other Trainers. I'll also do it for my Pokémon--we've come so far together, and they never stopped believing in me, their Trainer. You and your Pokémon are stronger... I can tell just by looking at you. But I will not lose. No... I'm going to win!
You're very cautious, aren't you?
It was so strong! I could feel how powerful the bond between you and your partners is. Losing is frustrating, but... You will definitely be able to Mega Evolve your Pokémon! I'm sure of it!
How about it?
I will master Mega Evolution and set myself apart from other Trainers. I'll also do it for my Pokémon--we've come so far together, and they never stopped believing in me, their Trainer. You and your Pokémon are stronger... I can tell just by looking at you. But I'm not going to lose. The winner of this battle will be me!
OK. Got it.
Your bonds with your Pokémon are really strong. I don't like losing much, but... I'm sure you'll be able to Mega Evolve your Pokémon!
There may be winners and losers in a Pokémon battle. But I really thought you two and your Pokémon were all winners!
Mega Evolution is nothing more than just one way to make Pokémon stronger. There are many Trainers who bring out the strength of their Pokémon without Mega Evolution.
Well then, <var>! First, you should challenge Korrina, the Gym Leader.
Um, so what was the Intriguing Stone I, uh, I mean, <var> found?
Oh yes, the Intriguing Stone! Thank you for finding it! I thought it might have something to do with Mega Evolution, but I was wrong.
Oh... That so, huh...
Hm... You have a Venusaur with you, then. I'm excited to see what the two of you will accomplish with the power of Mega Evolution!
Hm... You have a Charizard with you, then. I'm excited to see what the two of you will accomplish with the power of Mega Evolution!
Hm... You have a Blastoise with you, then. I'm excited to see what the two of you will accomplish with the power of Mega Evolution!





Pokémon need a Mega Stone! And Pokémon Trainers need the Mega Ring!
Well, my mysterious Trainer, my Lucario may have taken a shine to you, but now I must test you to see if you're ready to challenge the Mega Evolution successor! I'll be waiting for you at the Gym! Oh, the rest of your friends should come challenge me at the Gym, too!
I'll bet the professor will be happy if you master Mega Evolution. That's one way you can show mastery as a Trainer.
I'll bet the professor will be happy if you master Mega Evolution. That's one way you can show mastery as a Trainer.
Well, that's what the professor wanted us to do, after all! He said we should aim to be the best Trainers we can be and enjoy our journey!
Tierno. Shall we work to be the best Trainers we can be, too?
All right then! Let's aim for the top!
Hope to see you again soon, <var>! See ya, Shaunee!
<var>, I think that you and Serena are going to compete against each other and get really strong! I'm so glad we're all traveling together! ♪
<var>, I think you and Calem are going to compete against each other and get really strong! I'm so glad we're all traveling together! ♪
You don't really need to go to all the trouble of comparing--every living creature is unique. But still, having someone to compete against and aim for greater heights with is a very fine thing.
Oh! That's the Intriguing Stone! You found it, did you? Thank you! That's a big help!
I guess Korrina wants to see how good a Trainer you are first.
Other items related to Mega Evolution, like the Mega Ring or Mega Stones, must still remain hidden in the vast Kalos region... Maybe I'll search for them some more, so I can help strengthen the bonds between Pokémon and their Trainers.
Only those who have been approved may climb the Tower of Mastery!
Only those who have been approved may climb the Tower of Mastery! Oh! You're...
You may pass!
Oh! Korrina, I mean the Mega Evolution successor, is waiting for you at the top of the tower!
