Time for Lady Korrina's big appearance!
Haha, I'm just messing around with you! I know, you're rollin' in the aisles, right? I already know you're a strong Trainer, so let's get this show on the road!
Oh! I have been defeated! Alack, alay! Lady Korrina gave a terrible display! This is it. I must give up my title and admit that your strength far exceeds-- Just teasing! But here's your Badge. Boy, you'll be rolling in 'em soon!
<var> received the Rumble Badge from Korrina!
If you've got a Rumble Badge, then you can trade Pokémon up to Lv. 50 with your friends and they'll be ready to roll! They'll love you, all right! And you'll be able to roll over waves using the HM Surf, even outside battle! And here, why don't you take this TM? I've really been on a roll with it myself!
Power-Up Punch does just what it says on the box! The more that you use it, the tougher your fists get. Keep using it. Your Attack will go through the roof!
Look... I do have to apologize. You'll have to make it up to the top of the Tower of Mastery if you want the Mega Ring. I'm sorry for sending you this way and that. I swear, I'm not giving you the runaround! You've done great rolling with the punches. So great that I'd like to ask you a favor... Battle me again, won't you? But this time, it won't be just another Gym Battle... I want a battle between equals! As two Trainers who can use Mega Evolution!
I'll be waiting for you with Lucario at the top of the Tower of Mastery!




What's the plan, Hitmonchan? How's the future Champ today?
This is the Fighting-type Gym of Shalour City! You on your guard? Doesn't matter if you come from ahead or from behind around here! Just run into all the Roller Skaters and beat 'em! That's your ticket!
Wanting to face off with a strong opponent not because it's her job as the Gym Leader but as an individual Trainer seeking more... That spirit right there is exactly what makes her Leader-worthy! Am I right or am I right?
Mega Evolution... The hidden depths of a Pokémon... To face that kinda power, a Trainer has to be real strong, too.
Shalour City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Korrina Certified Trainers:
Shalour City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Korrina Certified Trainers: <var>
