Marrr!
Snuff! Snuff!
This is the Rouge Plaza. This central plaza of northern Lumiose City is bordered by Centrico Plaza and Autumnal Avenue, Hibernal Avenue, and North Boulevard.
This is Hibernal Avenue. This rather quiet street is home to Restaurant Le Wow, proud holder of a three-star review. It also contains many Lumiose City residents' favorite cafés.
Lysandre Café
Juice Shoppe
Restaurant Le Yeah
Looker Bureau
Commercial unit available for rent! Contact Lumiose City Real Estate!
Poké Ball Boutique
Café Pokémon-Amie
Restaurant Le Wow
Sushi High Roller
Café Kizuna
Café Rouleau
Café Gallant
North Boulevard Ahead This main street of northern Lumiose City is home to the Battle Institute and the TMV station.
South Boulevard Ahead Looping around Lumiose City, this major street provides access to the Sycamore Pokémon Lab and the PR Video Studio.







I don't think ya wanna be found here, squirt.
What? Yer still here? I warned ya, didn't I?
Lemme rephrase: Ya don't wanna be here with ME, squirt. Do ya?
Then you'll have to be here battlin' me! I could crush a good battle!
That's a good ladss. Now, toddle off home.
See? I knew I didn't want ya around here with me... I'll get you back for this!








I used to want to be a samurai, so I trained in the arts of war.
Now I just spend my days working at Sushi High Roller.
Technically I'm not working now, so how about a quick battle, huh?
Then prepare thyself!
What! You would run from a battle?! And yet you call yourself a samurai?!
You have the makings of a fine warrior! I hope we may do battle again someday!

What's this? Are you trying to visit every inch of the city on foot, kid?
You should know that some Trainers will challenge you to battle even in the city.
How about it? Do you want to know how it feels to battle in the city, too?
Yes, I'm the type who can't resist a battle, even in the middle of the city!
Oh? But wouldn't it be kinder to let your Pokémon see this beautiful city?
That hit the spot! My Pokémon seems to have enjoyed it, too.
Here, this is a little thank-you for battling me here in the city like this. It was fun! I guess it's time to get back to my walk. Let's run into each other again sometime.













I'm sorry. There's a blackout. You can't go any farther until it's fixed.
This flaming-red café is perfect for hot young stars like us. We really bloom when we're having lively debates about how to make a better tomorrow. So bitter... So dark... That's doing it right! Espresso is the oil that keeps our gears running smoothly!

Pokémon Center
