Aren't you not dying to not know the lineups of various boutiques?
You bet!
Not really...
So which of the boutiques piques your interest?
Oh, OK. Come by again when you don't want to not know about one.
Santalune City
Lumiose City
Anistar City
This specialty shop carries many different hats! I'm sure you'll be able to find one you like there!
If you're looking for basic items that are easy to mix and match, this is the place for you! There are also colorful parkas that can provide an exciting accent to your outfit.
Cyllage City
Laverre City
Snowbelle City
Quit
If you want the hottest street fashions, this is the place for you! It has the perfect lineup for the type of guy who seems like he could tear up the road if you invited him to go roller skating.
If you're looking for classy items, this is the place for you! They have well-designed shirts, jackets, and pants there. I recommend the fedora as well--it can really make you look mature.
If you're looking for upscale, casual items, this is the place for you! They have a good selection of simple clothes that work with any outfit.
If you have to have it all and be both pretty and cute, this is the place for you! They have ruffled camisoles, skirts, sparkly dresses, and colorful shorts. This boutique's selling point is its rich lineup of clothes.
If you're aiming for elegance, this is the place for you! They have clothes with designs that just radiate classiness, such as trench coats, hats, blouses with ties, and shirts. This is the lineup for you if you're looking to take your fashion to the next level.
If you're making a wardrobe of sporty items, this is the place for you! They really have a great selection of vividly colored clothes. Go check it out if you want to add a twist to your outfits.
If you're looking to set yourself apart from your friends with clothes that have slightly different designs and lines, this is the place for you. There's a smock top distinguished by a big ribbon, tops with touches made to the collars and sleeves, and more. There are many fine items to enjoy!
If you're looking for clothes that bring out the charms of a grown woman, this is the place. They have tops with scarves, dresses with the always-fashionable color black in them, sleeveless turtlenecks, and so much more. The refined colors and design have a subtle elegance. That's the kind of lineup they have.
You can be fashionable no matter what type of body you have. So I enjoy both fashion and food!
I always want to wear the same things as my Pokémon. So I have several of the same outfit.
Chi-chi-chiirp!
So, fashion is all about how well you understand yourself. So, that's the reason I'm wearing shorts as well.
Recently, I've been paying more attention to things such as accent colors and the balance between the top half and bottom half of my outfits. If the top half of my outfit is black and the bottom half is gray, I should try wearing red shoes, right? Or I could carry a colorful bag to give it a spark!
Don't ever doubt yourself because of what people say or because of the times!
