Our customers just love to take photos and to have their photos taken, as well. They have a wonderful time at our café, shooting the breeze about their shots!
So which do you like best: long or short?
Long
Short
What?
Yeah, you really do need some decent length, right?
You think short's good? You have some taste.
Focal length, of course! The distance between the lens and image sensor! It decides when a subject is in focus! The longer the focal length, the better for zooming in on something far away. But a short focal length will allow you to capture a whole wide area clearly.
I'm not very good at photography, but I love getting my photo taken!
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "You've never even picked up a camera, have you?" Am I right? Get it together! Go check out one of the photo spots already!
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "Yeah, she's definitely been out there taking some photographs." I'll give you this, then. You'll be sure to really use it... Am I right?
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "Yeah, she's definitely been out there taking some photographs." But there are photo-worthy spots you haven't shot. Yeah, I'm right.
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "Yeah, she's definitely been out in the field shooting up a storm!" I'll give you this, then. You'll be sure to really use it... Am I right?
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "Yeah, she's definitely been out in the field shooting up a storm!" You must feel like a real veteran photog by now... Am I right?
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "Hey, she's taken this many shots already?" Your aura is blinding me! I'll give you this, then. You'll be sure to really use it... Am I right?
When a professional photog like me looks at you, I think... "Man, she's taken this many shots already?" Your aura is blinding me! It's amazing. Too amazing! You've totally gone beyond a pro like me.
I'm gonna make my own cameras someday--just you wait and see! If you wanna know about cameras, I can answer all your questions!
Anything else you wanna know?
Taking pictures
The zoom function
Auto vs. manual
Achieving focus
About aperture
Adjusting brightness
I have it all down!
The R Button is your shutter release! Press it and you can take a picture.
Press right on your +Control Pad to zoom in. Press left to zoom out!
Auto mode is a simple mode where all you control is the zoom and the shutter release. In Manual mode, you can fine-tune brightness and aperture. It's the mode for expert photogs! Just press the A Button if you want to flip between modes!
When you've framed your picture so it's in focus, your subject will be nice and clear. If your subject's fuzzy, then it's sure not in focus. In Manual mode, you'll adjust the focus with the +Control Pad, so play around to find the sweet spot!
Aperture is basically what controls the balance between the sharp and the fuzzy parts of your picture, OK? Aperture can be controlled with the X Button in Manual mode. The higher it is, the clearer your picture will be.
In Manual mode, you can adjust how bright the scenery is with the Y Button. The higher you set this brightness level, the more light in the background. OK?
If you ever wanna hear more about cameras, come talk to me anytime!
Ah, photographs... They are the art of a moment, tearing away the thin wraps of time's relentless march... With each passing second, the present transforms irrevocably into the past. With my photographs, I will pin the "now" in place for all eternity...
Ah, photographs... They are the art that captures the beauty of nature using light and air as their media... Capturing the infinite possibility of color on a finite roll of artificial film... With my photographs, I will express the eloquence of nature's brush...
Ah, photographs... They are the art that can scrape away what is real and remake reality as pretense... Photographs can create images that hold more realism than the real world. With my photographs, I will sculpt a real world of dreams and illusions...
Ah, photographs... They are the art that we orchestrate using an instrument known as the "camera." This duet harmonizes the melody of life with the rhythm of the machine. With my photographs, I will sing a joyous tribute to all humanity...
Ah, photographs... They are... Th-they are... Well, they're just pictures, really.
