The editor in chief left a note on the desk. She's been gone for a long time. I've never seen her before. I wonder what kind of person she is.
A memo is on the desk. "I'll be away to pursue the Mythical Pokémon. First, I'll go deep into the mountains."
I was traveling around different regions to gather information about Pokémon, and I met these Pokémon during the trip.
Pumpka, pumpka. ♪
Mnnntoo...?
Some moves attack all Pokémon except the user.
Moves like Twister, Air Cutter, and Swift can attack multiple opposing Pokémon at once! There are more moves similar to them. Perhaps I should feature these moves in our magazine.
Oh! You're that kid--the one who came to see me!
Hey, hey, so tell me... Has that Exp. Share been useful?
You haven't forgotten about me, have you? I'm the journalist Alexa. I gather info about what's going on in Lumiose, and then I write it up.
I travel the world to gather information, but Lumiose is my real stomping ground. And I don't just know the famous shops. I could tell you exactly how many Espurr are in every one of our alleys! I know everything about this city, so you just come to me if there's anything you ever want to know!
Hey, kid! You're back! Good to see you again!
Do you want to know about Lumiose's hottest spots?
Anyplace else in Lumiose City that you're curious about?
Do you know how to get there? Want me to show you the way?
OK! Go out of this building and...
If you ever need a guide, don't hesitate to ask me!
OK! Come visit us again!
South Boulevard
North Boulevard
Vernal Avenue
Estival Avenue
Autumnal Avenue
Hibernal Avenue
Centrico Plaza
Quit
That's the boulevard that surrounds the south half of Lumiose City, OK? The most popular shops on it are the Pokémon Lab, the PR Video Studio, and the salon, Coiffure Clips. You can reach Route 4 or Route 5 from there. Or as we locals call 'em... Parterre Way and Versant Road!
That's the boulevard that runs around the northern half of Lumiose City, of course. The popular destinations on North are the Battle Institute, Hotel Richissime, and... Oh, Lumiose Station, to hop on the TMV! If you want to reach Route 13, 14, or 16, you can get there from here. But, of course, we locals all know them as Lumiose Badlands, Laverre Nature Trail, and Mélancolie Path!
Vernal Avenue is on the south of Lumiose City, and it's packed with specialty shops. In Boutique Couture, for example, you can get items that are unique to Lumiose City. Friseur Furfrou is the only place that most people will trust with grooming their Furfrou. There's also the Herboriste and a ton of little cafés.
Estival Avenue is an avenue on the south side of Lumiose City with a relaxing atmosphere. You can find popular spots like the Loto-ID Center, where people say you can win big, and a café where roller-skating enthusiasts gather. And most important of all... This company right here! You should already know that, though, since you came in today!
Autumnal Avenue is on the north side of Lumiose City and has a few special shops. Some are really big with the tourists, like the Poké Ball Boutique, where they only sell Poké Balls--every kind under the sun. Then there's a shop that specializes in juice, the Juice Shoppe, which Pokémon all love. And Restaurant Le Yeah serves decent food.
Hibernal Avenue is one of the avenues up on the northern side of Lumiose City. It's famous for its three-star restaurant, Restaurant Le Wow, which is THE place to be. All the VIPs in Kalos are seen there.
Centrico Plaza stretches out around the symbol of Lumiose City, Prism Tower. Vernal, Estival, Autumnal, and Hibernal: all four major avenues connect there, at the center and the heart of the entire city. Phil the Photo Guy is probably a big draw, too.
Whoa!
S-sorry! I was so surprised!
I've been looking for Volcanion for 15 years. And finally, finally, I met a Trainer who's traveling with it!
I traveled everywhere to gather the information about Volcanion and put together a memo. I'll let you read the memo. But just for you, because it's top secret.
Do you want to read the top- secret memo about Volcanion?
Which part of the memo do you want to read?
The secret of the power
In the fog
A nation-building...
Quit
On the XXth day of the XXth month at the Pokémon Day Care on Route 7 About the extraordinary power that Volcanion is said to possess. Discussed it with a top Breeder who's very familiar with the ecology of Pokémon and drew the following deduction. In order to cause a steam explosion powerful enough to blow up mountains, the Pokémon must have an organ with extremely high temperature that can instantly vaporize water to steam. That kind of organ is unheard of in the ecology of Pokémon, but Volcanion may have it...
On the XXth day of the XXth month at the Pokémon Center in Camphrier Town Interviewed a Trainer who says he witnessed a Pokémon that could be Volcanion when he was stranded in a mountain. According to the Trainer, a huge Pokémon's shadow appeared suddenly. Two huge armlike limbs that could crush even the land extended from its back, and from their tips, something that looked like smoke belched out and made the fog around the Pokémon even thicker. The Trainer said the Pokémon's shadow slowly disappeared into the fog.
On the XXth day of the XXth month at Café Kizuna in Lumiose City In the southern part of the Kalos region, there seems to be a custom to revere Volcanion as a nation-building Pokémon. People seem to believe that a steam explosion caused by Volcanion created the plain where they live. As a matter of fact, a huge mountain range suddenly disappeared due to an unexplained explosion in that part of the region in the past...
If you feel like reading my memo, come visit me anytime.
Volcanion seems to trust you.
I want you and Volcanion to travel together as good partners to each other!
Is there another part of the memo you're interested in reading?
My top-secret memo about Volcanion... If you're Volcanion's Trainer, I wouldn't mind you reading it.
Finally, I got to know our editor in chief. She finished her research about the Mythical Pokémon Volcanion and came back to the office.
A memo marked as "Top Secret" is on the desk.
