Geosenge Town is the town of stones! ♪
Hear this, pip-squeak! Team Flare is gonna use the stones on Route 10 and a fantastic treasure to make everyone on our team happy! In this world, the ones who have power are the ones who win with flair!
<var>, was someone from Team Flare here just now?
<var>, was someone from Team Flare here just now?
Yes
No...
He was here... But he isn't anymore, is he? And the only thing past here is a dead end... There's something very weird about Team Flare...
You said he was here... But he isn't anymore, is he? There's only a dead end up ahead... I wonder where that Team Flare guy went...
You don't need to protect me! I chased a Team Flare Grunt here. But the only thing past here is a dead end... There's something very weird about Team Flare...
You don't have to worry about me. I chased a Team Flare Grunt here. But there's only a dead end up ahead... I wonder where that Team Flare guy went...
And in conclusion... The stones on Route 10 are lined up so they connect to Geosenge Town. Cyllage City's Gym Leader, Grant, is researching them, but much about these stones remains unknown.
Hey, you! If you want to know more about the stones, come to the Hotel!
Arranging so many stones like that is really impressive. People were amazing 3,000 years ago.
This has to be the work of extraterrestrials! There's no other explanation!
So in the end nobody really knows... The world is full of things like that.
You're a pretty sophisticated traveler if you're here to check out the monument.
Nothing but rocks here, you say? Non, non! You don't get it. This town has nothing else, so it's obvious how amazing the stones are!
Geosenge Town Quiet stones speak volumes.
Hotel Marine Snow Where wanderers rest.
These ancient stones are said to emit a mysterious power.
Phew... I'm so glad you're all safe!
I really respect the courage and kindness all of you showed.
Thank you... We're all fine. Are you guys all OK, Tierno?
Thank you... We all got out in one piece. Are you guys all OK, Tierno?
Yep! As you can see, we're doing great! Thanks for asking! We worked together to save the Pokémon connected to the stones on Route 10! I mostly left battling with Team Flare to Sina and Dexio, though...
Who are these Sina and Dexio you speak of? We're the masked heroes!
Don't worry about it, Tierno. We were all doing the best we could to stop Team Flare's plans. Oh, we have a little bit of news for you all. We managed to destroy the machine in Lysandre's lab that was spying on people's Holo Caster transmissions.
So, we won't have to deal with Team Flare anymore. Now, I can go back to filling up my Pokédex!
So...it's finally over, right? We can go back to our adventure, right?! Let's go back to Anistar City and start over from where we left off!
Thank you, <var>. I have so much respect for you as a friend. It's because I respect you that I want to beat you in battle as your rival! I really mean it!
Thanks, <var>. I respect you as a friend. That's why I want to beat you in battle as your rival!
A long, long time ago. A very long time ago.
The man made an ultimate weapon.
Using it required the life force of many Pokémon...
The Pokémon granted eternal life learned this.
The resurrected eternal Pokémon left the man's side.
The man was surprised and sad. He had revived it so they could be together...
Day after day passed, but they were never to meet. Eventually, he became a mere shell of a man.
A man condemned to wander forever by the light of the weapon...
And a Pokémon that also wanders eternally...
Where is it now? What do I have to do to meet it?
Are you wondering about the ultimate weapon, too, <var>? That man wanted to bring his Pokémon back even if it meant breaking the laws of nature. I wonder if I would feel that way if I lost my partner... This is changing the subject, but...
Have you caught <var> yet?
I thought you might have! I caught one, too! It makes you smile when you catch the same Pokémon as a friend does, huh?
Hmm. I see that you've seen it, though.
There are still many Pokémon to search for.
According to Professor Sycamore's research, <var> has a potential Mega Evolution!
So the ultimate weapon can only be powered with the life energy of Pokémon...
Nope! I can't hear them! I won't listen to the Pokémon's cries!
I can't let you go beyond this point! A kid like you shouldn't be exposed to such sights.
The mysterious stone is absorbing energy...
Um? Where was the entrance to our secret HQ again? Was it in a boulder?
Only Team Flare's stayin' alive, stayin' alive.
I bought a new life for $5,000,000!
It's an ancient artifact?
<var>, I'm coming with you!
When I was in Lysandre's lab, the masked heroes told me what is going on. They also told me what Team Flare plans to do with the ultimate weapon! C'mon! Let's stop Team Flare... No... We have to stop Lysandre himself! The world isn't corrupt enough to give up on yet!
<var>, you're not in this alone!
When I was in Lysandre's lab, the masked heroes told me what is going on. They also told me what Team Flare plans to do with the ultimate weapon! C'mon! Let's stop Team Flare... No... We have to stop Lysandre himself! I...I want to protect my friends!
Lucario! What are you doing?
Hey! You're that Trainer from Route 5!
Awwof!
I'm not exactly sure, but I think Lucario is saying it wants to battle with you. Would you battle with us?
So, I have two Lucario... But do you know which is the one that has taken a shine to you?
Yeah, I guess that was a pretty sudden request, wasn't it? Well, we'll just have to battle when you're ready then!
OK! Now I get it! I see why Lucario likes you so much! So! Do you remember that I'm the Gym Leader in Shalour City? Once you get past the cave just beyond here, you'll be there, so stop by and say hello!
You'd better have come here prepared! Both you and your Pokémon!
Lysandre does whatever he can to help us realize our goals. Surely he deserves respect for that!
Huh... Geosenge sure had an amazing thing resting below it. It's hard to put into words how amazing it was...
Ha ha ha! There might've been nothing but stones here before, but now this town has a big ol' hole!
