

Fossil Excavator
Battle Subway
Forest Guardian
Nothing is on the wall.
The King, the Pokémon, and the Key
The Sea of Kalos
Golurk and the Knight
Farmers and Pokémon
A Man and Mew
A Castle in Kalos
A Sketch of a Windmill
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: It depicts a person and Pokémon excavating a Fossil in the Underground in Sinnoh. It captures the delightful moment of discovery.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: In the Unova region, the Battle Subway is a popular venue for Pokémon battles. The artist has now devoted himself to battles. This is his last known work.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This painting has an amusing story. It is said that Noctowl foresees seven different futures, mixes them together, and picks one. The fact that Noctowl can see its surroundings even in darkness is the basis of the story.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: A historical painting of Kalos is scheduled to adorn the wall.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: A painter in later years portrayed a king from 3,000 years in the past. Many of the episodes depicted in this painting differ from historical facts. For instance, we know that the king's dearest Pokémon was not at his side when he had the key to the ultimate weapon. Nevertheless, the painter's technique is outstanding.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This piece is a key work in the rise of the realist movement. It depicts with keen accuracy the scenery in an area near Coumarine City in Kalos.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This painting depicts a knight-errant who continues his travels with a Pokémon, Golurk. The painting expresses the knight's identity and his suffering as its primary subjects. It is regarded as an example of romanticism.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: It captures the lives of Pokémon and farmers who lived together with the land. It was painted about 80 years ago and is regarded as an example of naturalism.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: They say a man of power at the time forced the artist to add the Mythical Pokémon Mew to spread the word of how great he was.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: Around the time the Parfum Palace was built, aristocrats who served the king created unique castles in their territories. This work is highly praised as a piece that captures that period in time.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This sketch is by an artist known to be a polymath, as in someone with a wide-ranging knowledge of painting, architecture, and civil engineering. The design of the windmill that stands in Dendemille Town today is based on this sketch.
To try to use words to capture the beauty of a painting is like eating the menu instead of the meal.
Whoa! Awesome! I can't explain it, but awesome!
De-gahh! ♪
If you have an audio guide, it will play an explanation of this piece.
The piece I drew is here, too!
Unova's Battle Subway! What a dynamic place!
Whoa... The sea looks like this to the artist.
The painting is covered in graffiti.
