

Town Volunteers
Mr. Briney's Compassion
Shaymin, the Gratitude Pokémon
Poké Ball Factory
Kalos Power Plant
Kalos Power Plant
Kalos Power Plant
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This work depicts volunteers working with Pokémon by feeding and grooming them. In addition to showing the Pokémon what they can do for them, they bring people and Pokémon closer together.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This painting depicts an old man who keeps a flying Pokémon close at hand. Incidentally, the man's name is Mr. Briney, and the Wingull's name is Peeko.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: In certain regions, people express gratitude on special occasions, such as birthdays or anniversaries, by giving a bouquet of Gracidea flowers. This masterpiece is a moving tribute to the artist's departed mother.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This factory makes Poké Balls and ships them all over the Kalos region. This painting is part of a series on technology in Kalos, and the ever-increasing number of Poké Balls expresses the artist's desire to be connected to all Pokémon.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This power plant uses fire to generate electricity. This painting is part of a series on technology in Kalos, and the fierce combustion fully communicates the passionate fire of the energy of life.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This plant uses gas from composting waste to generate electricity. This painting is part of a series on technology in Kalos, and it expresses the sorrow of wanting to leave some legacy behind, even though we pass on and disappear.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: This plant uses heat from the ground to generate electricity. This painting is part of a series on technology in Kalos, and the plant is a sharp commentary on the hidden passion that lies just beneath everyone's surface.
We came clear out here from the Kanto region on an info-gathering trip. But the other member of our group says his stomach hurts and has been holed up in the bathroom.
It's such a shame--the thing he was most excited about was looking at the pictures in the museum.
I'll enjoy the pictures a lot so I can brag about--er, um, explain--them later.
So, people may pass on, but their creations will remain...
If you have an audio guide, it will play an explanation of this piece.
