So the Poké Balls we received and the Pokémon we've gathered are where they need to be. Add it all up, and it means all preparations are complete!
The only thing left to do is put the plan in motion. I'm counting on you.
One push of a button, and we can activate the ultimate weapon from this room.
I believe being a chosen one means you have the potential to change the future! Whether we activate the ultimate weapon or leave it safely underground will rest upon if you actually have this potential or not.
Oh ho ho! You're the one I've heard so much about! I've been waiting for you!
I need to do a little research on you! Come, let us begin!
Wonderful! Amazing! You have tremendous skill and bravery! When you add that up, it means I will tell you something very interesting.
It happened 3,000 years ago. The ultimate weapon was used to put an end to the war in an instant. If we use that incredible power, we can finally free Kalos of the foolish humans that plague it!
Behind me you'll find a red button and a blue button. One of them is the button for activating the ultimate weapon. Push one now! Come on! Push one!
I'm very curious to see the results of my research. To use the ultimate weapon to cleanse this world once and for all... It's fascinating!

Push the red button?
<var> pushed the red button.
Nothing happened...

Push the blue button?
<var> pushed the blue button.
Nothing happened...
You pushed it! Oh ho ho! You pushed the little red button! Too bad...for you! Pushing that button has enabled us to use the ultimate weapon! Don't feel too down, though. I would have activated it even if you had guessed correctly.
You pressed it! Oh ho ho! You pressed the blue switch! Winner, winner! Congratulations! But I'm still going to activate the ultimate weapon! I know the boss promised that we wouldn't if you pushed the correct button, but I refuse to let the potential go to waste! I'll just use my remote, here! Click-click! And the power is ON!
Come on! Look! Look at the monitor!
Did you see? The ultimate weapon is reborn! The poisonous flower has bloomed! All shall perish! Except for Team Flare!
Look at Geosenge! It has bloomed in Geosenge Town! The boss's dream of creating a beautiful world will come true! Add it all up, and it equals... a victory for our SCIENCE!
