Hey, stranger! Isn't cruising around town on your Roller Skates the best thing ever? ...Wait. Do you mean to tell me that you don't even own a pair of Roller Skates?!
Then how about this: if you beat me in a Pokémon battle, I'll give you a pair! I can never say no to a contest, not me! So, how about it? Do you wanna battle?
Whether it's Pokémon or Roller Skates, speed is important!
I get ya! So, you're going to go and train your Pokémon on Route 22 for a while first, huh?
W-wow! That was amazing! You might even be stronger than a Gym Leader! All right! Here you go: one spiffy pair of Roller Skates, just as I promised!

Listen up. I'll read you the instructions for your new pair of Roller Skates, OK? "Our Roller Skates snap right on to any shoes so that you can glide your way around!" "All you need to do is move the Circle Pad to get those wheels going!" That's all there is to it! So go on! It's your turn. Try gliding about like me!
These Roller Skates are an attachment that can be snapped right on to any shoes! So you can have fun AND look good!
Oh, you... You are, aren't you? You're one of the kids who got a Pokémon from Augustine Sycamore, right?
That <var> you've got there looks pretty happy. You must be a good Trainer. In that case, get over to the Pokémon Gym. I'm sure my sister will be glad to meet you!
Would you look at that! You got a Bug Badge! Looks like I might have a new scoop. To beat Viola at your young age... You really are something, aren't you? Oh! Sorry, I never did introduce myself, did I? I'm Alexa. The Gym Leader you just faced, Viola, is my younger sister. I work as a journalist myself. Here, why don't you take this to celebrate getting your first Badge!
If you have an Exp. Share and you turn it on, all of the Pokémon on your team get Exp. Points, even if they don't ever appear in battle. I hope it helps you with your training! I work at the big publishing house up in Lumiose City. Feel free to stop by anytime if you have the next big scoop to share with me!
What can Trainers do to reward their Pokémon for working hard?


Santalune City A traditional city.
Santalune City Pokémon Gym Leader: Viola The camerawoman who never lets a single smile escape her focus.
Trainer Tips! The first Pokémon to appear in battle will be the one in the upper-left corner of the list!
Welcome to the Trainers' School! Brush up on Pokémon basics!




Pokémon sure are mysterious! I learned all kinds of things at the Trainers' School. It was surprising!
Pokémon love yummy treats just as much as you or me!
If you master type matchups, then even strong opponents will be a breeze for you to beat!
Walking through tall grass is great fun. All kinds of Pokémon jump out at you!




Drinks Café au lait Chocolat chaud Limonade
Have you peeked into that boutique beside the Pokémon Center? They have lovely hats there, you know!
Oh! What a wonderful hat! It really suits you to a T! There are so many boutiques in the different towns of the Kalos region. It's a real treat to travel around!
