It's a Wii U! The GamePad even has a screen!
<var> checked the PC hiser dad gave himer. Adventure Rule No. 1 The X Button opens the menu! Adventure Rule No. 2 Record your progress with SAVE.
<var> looked in the mirror...
...And changed out of hiser pajamas!
It's an award for completing the Central Kalos Pokédex.
It's an award for completing the Coastal Kalos Pokédex.
It's an award for completing the Mountain Kalos Pokédex.
It's an award for catching all of the Pokémon in the Kalos region.
It's an award for catching all of the Pokémon in the National Pokédex.

Morning, <var>! You sure slept well! All rested up from the move?
<var>! You look like you just rolled out of bed! Go have a look at yourself in the mirror, and change out of your pajamas.
Go have a look at yourself in the mirror, and change out of your pajamas.
It's about time you got going! Why don't you step out and say hello to the neighbors?
Don't wake up Rhyhorn, OK?
Really? The neighbor kids invited you to the next town? That's great! I'm glad you were able to make friends so quickly! OK! Have fun! Stay out of trouble!
Cheerp cheerp! ♪
So! What did you and the neighbor kids end up doing?
Wait one second, <var>! Is that a Poké Ball you have there? You got your very own Pokémon? Lucky you! How about that? You're a Pokémon Trainer now, too! Congratulations!
Huh? A letter for me? It says it's from somebody named Sycamore. What could it be? A love letter?
... ... ...
Wow, what lovely handwriting... Hmm? What do we have here? A request... Oh, I see!
<var>! We've barely unpacked, and all kinds of exciting things are happening! OK! Let's get you and <var> ready for your journey!
Here you are, <var>. I even packed a change of clothes. My, what an unexpected turn of events! It's just like a sudden last burst of speed from a racer in a Rhyhorn race! You made friends! You met your Pokémon! And now you get to take a lap around Kalos!
Oh, and don't forget this!
You know how to use a Town Map, right?
That's my boygirl! Select the Town Map from your Bag whenever you want to use it!
Press the X Button to open the Bag. Next, use the +Control Pad to select the KEY ITEMS Pocket. Select the Town Map, and doing a lap around the Kalos region will be a snap!
I don't know what this Professor Sycamore wants you to see on your trip... But taking a journey with your Pokémon is a really wonderful experience.
Oh! You and your Pokémon are looking run down! Come on. Rest up, now.
All right! You and your Pokémon look raring to go!
My motto is "go for broke!" It means to risk everything and try as hard as possible!
A memory from when I was a Rhyhorn racer? There was the time I couldn't stop at the finish line. Your dad was waiting there, and I sent him flying...
The connection that I feel with my Rhyhorn during a race... I want you to feel that kind of closeness with your Pokémon as well.
<var>! I saw the parade on TV! Professor Sycamore went all out trying to get everyone to show up for you, you know! That reminds me...
I received a message from Professor Sycamore. He says he wants to meet you at Lumiose Station. Do you know where that is? If you don't, it's just a quick cab ride. I wonder why he wants to meet you now, though. He should've just talked to you at the parade...


It's a movie about a 72-year-old man who went on a journey with his beloved cat Pokémon.
It's a documentary about a Rhyhorn that overcame an injury to take on a big race and the girl who struggled alongside it.
