Hello, <var>!
You arrived very quickly!
Oh, hi, <var>.
Hey, <var>!
We were just comparing how complete our Pokédexes are. I won, of course!
I'll leave filling up the Pokédex to you guys, Trevor. I don't like it when everyone does the same thing anyway...
I'll leave filling up the Pokédex to you guys, Trevor. It's boring when everyone does the same thing anyway...
<var>! Let's compare how many Pokémon we've seen, just like we always do! This time let's compare how many Pokémon we've seen in the Mountain Kalos Pokédex! To put it another way, I'm challenging you to my own kind of Pokémon battle.
So, you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon... I've seen 6, so I guess I win!
So, you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon... I lost... How frustrating!
We've both seen 6 kinds of Pokémon. Well, I may not have won, but I didn't lose either. In other words, it's a tie!
Oh! So, you've seen Gible, too, <var>? Just knowing about the same Pokémon as someone else can sure make you happy!
There sure are many different kinds of Pokémon in Kalos.
There sure are lots of different kinds of Pokémon in Kalos.
Now it's my turn! Let's have a Pokémon battle, <var>!
Guess it's my turn now! <var>, I challenge you to a battle!
Wow! That was a really intense battle! ♪
Oh. Hi, Shauna. When did you start watching?
Thanks, Shauna. I noticed you were watching us while I was battling.
So where's Tierny?
He's at the Fighting dojo.
Really? The Fighting dojo?
Sorry I'm late, everybody!
I was having so much fun with a sparring dance that I totally lost track of time!
So, Tierno, have you found any good Pokémon for your dance team?
So, Tierno, have you found any good Pokémon for your dance team?
Yep! I sure did! I'm super close to my ideal dance team!
That's great! Good for you!
Hey, everybody! Let's go to the scary house!
The one by Laverre City? That's just a rumor, isn't it?
C'mon! Let's all go find out if the rumor's true together!
Hmm... I think I'll pass! I'm sure it's just a rumor, and I want to spend some time with my Pokémon before heading to Laverre City.
It's just a rumor, right? I'll pass. I'd rather spend some quality time with my Pokémon before heading to Laverre City.
Oh! Uh, OK, bye!
So... Is it really that scary?
Let's go and see for ourselves, Tierno. There's always some reason rumors like that get started.
Sigh...
Why are you traveling, <var>?
Everyone is working really hard at what they want to do. But I'm just all about memories! I'm kinda just goofing around!
Just kidding! ♪
C'mon! This way!
So this is the house...
It IS a scary house, isn't it? Well, I guess we should go inside.
What?! You're going inside? Are you all serious?
Serena is off spending time with her Pokémon... So, I guess we'll just have to go in without her and see if the rumor is true by ourselves...
Calem is off spending time with his Pokémon... So, I guess we'll just have to go in without him and see if the rumor is true by ourselves...
I guess so! Let's just go inside by ourselves, then!
Sigh... I guess it really was a scary house, in a way...
Well, I know you wanted to go camping, and that was kind of like camping, I guess... People usually tell scary stories by the campfire, right?
I've had enough of dark places and scary things... I'd rather rehearse my dances. I'll see you all later!
What should I do next? I guess I'll go to Laverre City! ♪
See you later, <var>! Please compare Pokédexes with me again soon!
Route 14 Also known as Laverre Nature Trail
Advanced Tips! A Pokémon with the Scrappy Ability can hit a Ghost type with Fighting- or Normal-type moves!
When I look at the swamp, I can't help but think of Poison... I'm sorry! That really wasn't a very interesting thing to say! Here, take this as an apology.
The move Toxic, which Poison-type Pokémon use, always hits, and... The poison damage from Toxic gets worse over time.
