A cluttered room marks a cluttered mind! I'll swipe it all away with my Fury Swipes!


Zzz...

When Pokémon are injured in the wild, they tend to hide themselves away somewhere. That is so that they can recover in a place where they'll be safe from further harm. But sometimes they need more care than that. We search them out and care for them so that they don't lose their lives alone in the wild. Even though they are incredibly on-edge and it's quite dangerous to approach them.
If I hadn't adopted my Meowth, d'you think that the people here at Aether would've taken it in?
Po po?
The current president's father was a very, very wealthy man and a great lover of Pokémon. He built the Aether Foundation to protect them.
I'd like to see our research into finding ideal environments for Pokémon to live in be turned into something tangible, you know?
Team Skull tries to capture Pokémon and then sell them off. That's what I heard anyway. But if a species of Pokémon goes extinct, you'll never ever be able to meet one again. Doesn't it just seem unimaginable?
Just reducing the amount of unnecessary garbage that you produce will help protect the environments of many Pokémon! That's all you have to do and you'll be able to help conserve wild Pokémon, too!
Tank!
The easier that it is to predict any changes in the waves, the more reliably we will be able to generate power from their motion!
I'm sorry, but I cannot allow you to enter. Both young Master Gladion and Miss Lillie are doing their best for the president, but... Her condition is still unstable...
Pelipper's wings were all busted up, but now it can fly again at last! It makes me so happy to see this.
Now that Avi can fly, I hope it doesn't go too far away. Oh, Avi is the nickname I gave Pelipper. It looks so cool flying through the wide open skies... But I guess I have to let Avi go back to the wild someday.
Team Rocket sure did mess the mansion up in all kinds of ways! I found these lying around. I'll give them to you to say thanks for your hard work!
I don't know if all this dirt came from another world, too, but this mansion sure is out-of-this-world dirty! My battle starts now!
