The strange creature was sucked into the Zygarde Cube!
Sina wants to talk to you! Zzt!
I just received a signal from your Zygarde Cube! The creature that just got sucked into the cube is what we call a "Zygarde Cell"! The Zygarde Cube I gave you is like a nest for Cells and Cores. Your mission is to collect all the Cells and Cores! We'll get in touch. Bonne chance!
You've collected 10% so far. If you'd like to know what this number means, please come to the Aether Base on Route 16 on Ula'ula Island! You are getting warmer! Bonne chance!
You've collected no less than 50% of all the Cells and Cores! I wonder how your painstaking efforts will pay off. Why don't you visit the Aether Base on Route 16 on Ula'ula Island? You are getting even warmer! Bonne chance!
You've collected all the Cells and Cores scattered in the Alola region! No one else could have done this! I knew I chose the right person for this mission! Now Zygarde's power is completely yours! Time for you to get to the heart of this mystery! Au revoir!
I just received a signal from your Zygarde Cube! The creature that just got sucked into the cube is what we call a "Zygarde Core"! Cores are mysterious creatures that form Zygarde together with Cells! Also, Cores retain Zygarde's moves! You can use the Zygarde Cube to teach your Zygarde a move! Why don't you try it sometime? Bonne chance!
I see that you've just collected another Zygarde Core! Each of these Core moves are memorized by the Zygarde Cube, so you can use it to teach Zygarde moves as many times as you'd like! Everything is up to you! Bonne chance!
What would you like to do?
Assembly
Separation
What is assembly?
What is separation?
Quit
Please select how you'd like to assemble Zygarde.
Using Zygarde and the Zygarde Cube
Using the Zygarde Cube only
What assembly methods are available?
Please select Zygarde.
Will you quit the assembly of Zygarde?
You cannot assemble Pokémon other than Zygarde!
This Zygarde has the Power Construct Ability, which allows Zygarde to Forme Change! You cannot perform assembly or separation!
Quitting assembly operation!
You don't have enough Cores and Cells in the Zygarde Cube! Quitting the assembly operation!
Your party and Boxes are full. Quitting the Zygarde assembly operation!
The Zygarde you selected and the <var>% stored in the Zygarde Cube will be used to assemble Zygarde 50% Forme!
From your chosen Zygarde and the <var>% now in the Zygarde Cube, the unified Zygarde with the Power Construct Ability will be assembled!
Is that OK?
The Zygarde has been reassembled!
A new Zygarde has been assembled!
It's Zygarde 10% Forme!
It's Zygarde 50% Forme!
It's the unified Zygarde with the Power Construct Ability!
Zygarde has gone into a Poké Ball!
Zygarde has been sent to the PC!
Zygarde will be assembled with the Cores and Cells within the Zygarde Cube only!


The <var>% stored in the Zygarde Cube will be used to assemble Zygarde 10% Forme!
The <var>% stored in the Zygarde Cube will be used to assemble Zygarde 50% Forme!
The <var>% stored in the Zygarde Cube will be used to assemble the unified Zygarde with the Power Construct Ability!
Please select the Zygarde you'd like to separate into Cells!
Once separated, the separated Zygarde cannot be put back together! You'll lose all its moves, Ribbons— everything about it! Would you still like to separate the Zygarde you've selected?
Quit separation
Select another
Will you quit the separation of Zygarde?
You cannot separate Pokémon other than Zygarde!
You cannot separate the unified Zygarde with the Power Construct Ability because its Cells are bound together so tightly. Please select a Zygarde that can be separated!
Quitting separation operation!
Please select a Zygarde that can be separated!
You cannot separate that Zygarde because it's wearing a special Ribbon!
Zygarde has been separated! The percentage in the Zygarde Cube has increased by <var>!
You'll have no Pokémon left to battle! Quitting separation operation!
You cannot separate a Zygarde that is holding an item! Please take away its item before you try it again!
It is called "assembly" when Zygarde is formed from the Cells stored in the Zygarde Cube!
It is called "separation" when Zygarde is turned into Cells and put into the Zygarde Cube!
There are two ways to achieve Zygarde assembly. One is to take a Zygarde in your party and add to it the Cells stored in the Zygarde Cube! The other way is to assemble the Cells stored in the Zygarde Cube to form a whole new Zygarde!
I'm not sure what this device is for, but it looks pretty awesome!
