Here we are, Kukui... Fellow rejects who never could become captains.
We've got all these moldy old traditions in Alola—the kahunas, the captains... It's about time we cut out all that silly garbage and make something new for ourselves. Trust me, I get that.
Don't get me wrong, though, Kukui. We've got no need for a Pokémon League. After all, everyone already knows who the strongest Trainer is on these islands!
Speak for yourself, Guzma. It's not like I couldn't become a captain. I chose not to. I had other dreams, see?
I wanted to figure out which moves would be strong enough to beat old Hala... and I finally found what I was looking for. The strongest moves you can use are the ones a Trainer and their Pokémon choose together... in the heat of the moment, when it really counts.
That's when I knew I had to make a Pokémon League, yeah, to give everybody a chance to be pushed to the limit with their team and find that perfect move! Let's see it, Guzma! Show me your moves and prove you aren't just all talk! If you really can, that is...
Right, <var>? Don't you agree?
That's right
What?
So you're one of the kids on hiser island challenge? You don't look like you're from around here!
This here's <var>. HShe just moved to Alola recently. Discovery! New experiences! Adventure! HShe's loving every minute of it!
<var> and hiser <var> can unleash some real powerful moves. So if you think you're the strongest Trainer on these islands, Guzma, why don't you battle himer?
Tch! This move fanatic is getting me all riled up!
You've got a Z-Power Ring, huh, kid?
Why even bother with the island challenge? What's the point of it?
It'll make me strong
That's what I want to find out
No it won't, you dumb kid! Watch closely, Kukui. Someday I'm gonna destroy you. But first, I'll destroy everything you care about!
Ha! You don't even know why you're doing it. Watch closely, Kukui. Someday I'm gonna destroy you. But first, I'll destroy everything you care about!
Wanna see what destruction looks like? Here it is in human form—it's your boy Guzma!
Guzma!!! What is wrong with you?! Now's the time for your vaunted team to let loose and destroy everything!
It was <var>, right? I'll remember you...as someone I'll be happy to beat down anytime!
Don't mess with the boss, yo! You don't want him to get serious!
So you're Hau, huh?
And you're Guzma...? So?
Y'know you don't have to do this island challenge thing just because your granddad's a kahuna. Even if you finish, you might not get what you want.
Team Skull will have to go lick their wounds now! Getting beat by a child just doing hiser trials!
Aue, <var>! You are one righteous Trainer!
