Hey! Alola!
An Alola to you!
So this is Tapu Village! We will need to investigate it quite thoroughly. According to the records we have left to us, it seems that this is where Necrozma battled against the tapu when it came to Alola long ago, hungering for its light.
It may be the case that the power which came pouring out of the Ultra Wormhole at that time is what changes Pokémon's regular moves into Z-Moves. Such theories have been suggested...
Our ancestors were greedy, and they sought to control all of Necrozma's light... But what was the result of all that? They only hurt Necrozma, making it lose a part of itself and causing it to run wild and steal all the light it could find!
That's why we have Necrozma cooped up in the Megalo Tower our great ancestors built. It contains Necrozma in its rage.
But that facility has reached its limit... And Necrozma hungers for light... That is why we came to Alola in hopes of finding a new method to defeat Necrozma. Yet...
It seems it will be a difficult mission for us, who are so new to Pokémon battling, to ever hope to defeat Necrozma.
An alola to you, <var> and Hau.
So, this is Tapu Village... We must learn all we can about this place. It seems there are many stories in its past, but once, long ago, the Blinding One battled against the tapu in this spot.
It's thought the power that came pouring out of the Ultra Wormhole at that time may be the source of Z-Moves' power... Yes, the light that the Blinding One... I mean, the light that Necrozma can wield.
Our ancestors were greedy, though. They sought to control all of Necrozma's light... They hurt Necrozma... They left it incomplete, and in such a state, it went mad with fury... And so our light was stolen by Necrozma.
Our world is at peace now thanks to the Megalo Tower, which keeps the Blinding One contained. But we believe the tower is reaching its limit. And the Blinding One... Necrozma hungers for light. 
The Blinding One may run wild in its fury, but it did also give us light once. So we would like to help restore the Blinding One to its true form. But we do not have even the slightest idea of how we can do that.
If you learn anything that you think might help, will you share it with us? After all, you are far more familiar with the Z-Moves than we are.
I don't really get what all that was about... But it seems like those Ultra Recon Squad people are in a pretty hopeless spot, huh?
I just wish everybody could be happy and find something to smile about. Even that Necrozma. Right, <var>?
