Oh! So you two were watching?
The kahunas are chosen by the Pokémon we worship here in Alola—our sacred guardians. They are chosen from among the people living on the island each guardian watches over. Lillie told me that you're pretty new to our parts, eh, <var>? You came to Alola from far off? You must really be something then. I heard how you were given a Sparkling Stone by the tapu, even as a stranger to our shores.
My grandfather... My grandfather was also chosen for this honor. The honor of being our island's kahuna. But he died suddenly some years back, and we were left without a kahuna on Poni.
I tried to follow in his footsteps, but I was not chosen by the tapu back then. So I set out on my own sort of island challenge, traveling Alola and trying to grow stronger.
Lillie. The kahuna you wished to meet is right here.
O-oh! Of course! Then please, Kahuna Hapu! Tell me about the Legendary Pokémon!
So you want to know about Solgaleo, who we pay tribute to at the Altar of the Sunne?
So you want to know about Lunala, who we pay tribute to at the Altar of the Moone?
I must go after my mother! She disappeared off into some far-off world... And a fearsome creature lives in that world. A Pokémon called Necrozma...
That's why I want to ask the Legendary Pokémon for its help... The Legendary Pokémon is the only one who can go back and forth between worlds!
A world where beasts reside, eh... I reckon that must be the kind of world you find at the other end of those holes that open up in the sky, just as my grandfather once described.
All right. I will tell you what I know.
Oh, thank you, Hapu!
But what I know is not much. Just that there is a ceremony held for the Legendary Pokémon at the altar. A ceremony that uses two particular flutes to somehow give the Legendary Pokémon power.
This is the Moon Flute. It seems that my mother had it...
This is the Sun Flute. It seems that my mother had it...
Ho! That looks to be the flute that used to reside at the lake on Ula'ula.
The other is said to be held on Exeggutor Island. I do not know why there of all places, but it has been passed down that that's where it belongs.
Exeggutor Island... I think I've read about it before. It's an uninhabited island off the coast of Poni, isn't that right?
Yes. And no reason to dally here. Let us go and speak with Mina. Lillie, you take Mudsdale. We proceed to Seafolk Village!
