Did everything go well?
Well, I...
I had to have <var> do everything for me yet again, but...
Nothing wrong with that, Lillie. People cannot survive all on their own. They have got to help one another out. Same for Pokémon, too. That is what my grandfather used to say.
Ni-hiii!
It's that kindness of yours, <var>, that keeps that brilliant smile on Lillie's face.
Please wait.
We have been betrayed by Lusamine... And now we are expected to put our faith in a child like you next?
Even if we are still weak, we have also learned to do battle with Pokémon... We should be the ones to resolve the situation with Necrozma ourselves!
I will defeat you, and we will handle things with our own power this time!
Can we not stand up against the long history of a region like Alola, where the culture of Pokémon battling has had so long to develop?
Mm-hmm. The people of Alola get along and get to know each other through Pokémon battles.
Please wait.
Just as you use your own strength to overcome the trials before you... perhaps it is time that we stop relying on others and instead take matters into our own hands.
Now that we have learned to do Pokémon battle ourselves, I think we might be able to resolve the situation with Necrozma on our own.
If I am strong enough, then we can do it. If I am only strong enough to defeat you!
This is...astounding! You show such skill for drawing forth the power from your Pokémon!
Yes... The people of Alola battle their Pokémon against one another to learn more about each other, after all.
Greetings. I am the kahuna of this island. Hapu.
You are from the beasts' world, are you not? We in Alola have long lived together with our Pokémon, being aided by them to survive.
If you are in some sort of trouble, then we will gladly come to your aid however we can.
That is most generous of you...
When Necrozma comes, then...will you battle it?
Then I will throw myself upon your generosity, in spite of our own shortcomings.
Please. When Necrozma comes to attack this world, will you fight it in our place?




This is the first grand trial of Kahuna Hapu! I will battle you with everything that I have got!
Ahaha! Now, don't be hasty, <var>! Look at the state of your Pokémon. We have got to have them in peak condition for this to be a fair fight.
Oho... You sure showed me.
That was enjoyable. Looks like I cannot beat you even when I am not holding back... I appreciate this chance, <var>. It has really taught me a few things.
Take your Ground-type Z-Crystal then... This Groundium Z is yours!
I will teach you the pose, too, so eyes up here!
Hyah!
Phew... Well, I must applaud you, Lillie. You sure found a prodigious Trainer to befriend.
Then go on with you two! Head straight through here and find the altar!
Well then! The path to the shrine is through the canyon. You will find other Trainers in this place, though. They come for training. It will be a tough road.
You will have to pitch in, too, Lillie. But if you two end up in any real trouble, Mudsdale and I will hasten to you.
Thank you, Hapu. I will do all I can to help <var>!
Come! If you want to proceed to that canyon, you will have to get through me and my grand trial!
First we must accept these people and beasts from other worlds into our hearts. That is how we do things here in Alola.
I wonder if a Trainer would even be able to befriend a beast like Necrozma...
What is it that we should do? Must we start by putting our faith in you?
