Alola's light has been stolen by Necrozma... It is only a matter of time before all of Alola is wrapped in such darkness.
And I really loved Alola's light... It was so warm...
Necrozma, the one that wields light to its will... It would steal all of Alola's light!
Necrozma wants to take back the light that it once lost.
But what are we to do now? It seemed to me like that beast...like Necrozma was also suffering somehow... It seemed to hurt it, to be without its light...
You would worry even for Necrozma? You are too kind, Lillie. Far too kind. That is why you took Cosmog as well, isn't it? You foolish, sweet child...
We will need your help. We need to be able to travel between worlds using the Legendary Pokémon's power, just as you are able to do.
You dare ask for our help now?!
Now's no time to be fighting, Dulse!
Well...there is one thing I am curious about after witnessing that battle just now...
Necrozma seemed quite distracted by that bracelet you wear... that Z-Power Ring, or didn't you think so?
You presume much. And despite that, it is true that you are trying to take care of things in your own way... Should I praise your sense of responsibility as one charged with the protection of Pokémon? You egotistical woman!
Please, Captain Phyco... Leave it be.
It is as my subordinate says... Sparring with you now will change nothing. And there is something I am more interested in pursuing. Something I noticed during the battle just now...
Necrozma seemed distracted by you... By that Z-Power Ring you wear, to be perfectly accurate. It seemed to desire the light given off by that Sparkling Stone set within it.
You mean...it wants Z-Crystals?!
It's true <var> has an awfully large number of Z-Crystals after coming so far in hiser island challenge...
Yeah, that's true... Even more than the dumb captains and kahunas and all, who just focus on one type!
I see... So it is the Z-Crystals? And you... You were truly able to summon Solgaleo. Such an able Trainer... A Trainer like you might ride upon our Lunala to reach the world where Necrozma will be found. Yes, just as you people ride upon your Pokémon here in Alola.
We call it the Ultra Warp Ride! If you want to go after Necrozma, you'll need to reach the white warp hole and go through it. Any other warp hole will send you to a different world altogether.
It is not in our power to fight with Solgaleo. But we do borrow its power to travel through the Ultra Wormholes. You have shown us what you are capable of, though, by summoning Lunala to this place. Perhaps you could ride upon our Solgaleo. Yes... Just as you ride upon Pokémon in Alola!
We call it the Ultra Warp Ride. If you hope to follow after Necrozma, you must make for the white warp hole. If you enter any other warp hole, you will find yourself in another world altogether.
Can you not take your own little Solgaleo there?
Can you not take your own little Lunala there?
Lio...
Pea...
Losing its light... It seems to have sapped its power as well...
Perhaps you will be able to save Necrozma...
<var>! Please help Nebby for me! But also...if you can... try to help Necrozma, as well...
And to think a Trainer who Lillie befriended would become the one to battle Necrozma...
You're a real pain, kid, but go and give that thing a good beatdown for me!
We all share our Pokémon.
Do you want to ride on Lunala to try to reach the white warp hole?
I'll do that
Not now...
Lunala! Help us out!
We all share our Pokémon.
Do you want to use Solgaleo's power to try to reach the white warp hole?
I'll do that
Not now...
Solgaleo! Aid us!
