Impressive, human of Alola.
Thank you so much!
While you were battling Necrozma in our Ultra Megalopolis, we were able to make some discoveries about the auras here in Alola.
The auras of Alola came from Necrozma! They're the remnants of the light it emitted long ago!
These...auras...must have been particularly strong at the trial locations. And the Z-Power for the Z-Moves... It is also similar to the auras of the Totem Pokémon. Both came to Alola as Necrozma's light!
You are such a powerful Trainer... Maybe you can return the light to Necrozma, without having it run wild.
As a sign of thanks, we'll continue to share our Lunala with you. Use the Ultra Warp Ride to explore many new and different worlds! No doubt you will find amazing Pokémon.
I think we will stay in Alola for a while. It is practically overflowing with Z-Power. It would be good for us to really experience life here. Maybe even do our own island challenge.
Ooh, ooh! I want to become friends with Diglett!
Most impressive, youth who holds the Z-Power Ring! I can feel the auras focusing on the Z-Power Ring, even as we speak.
Thank you very much, trial-goer.
While you faced Necrozma in our Ultra Megalopolis, there are some things we found out about the auras that fill Alola...
Before our ancestors were forced to contain it, Necrozma emitted powerful light... That light is what you call auras!
That light must have passed through the Ultra Wormholes and rained down throughout Alola... Indeed, this must be how the trial sites got their unique properties.
Yes... Both the Z-Power for the Z-Moves and the auras of the Totem Pokémon are powers gifted to you by Necrozma.
A Trainer as gifted as yourself may be able to return the light to Necrozma, without sending it into another rage.
As thanks for your help, we will continue to share our Solgaleo with you freely. You should be able to meet many amazing Pokémon by using Ultra Warp Ride to explore different worlds!
It would not be a bad idea to continue research on Alola, with all of its Z-Power! There's much for us to learn here, no doubt.
I...would like to travel Alola as a Trainer, along with my Pokémon partners.
