<var>! I'm back! And I'll keep on coming back, too! No matter how many times it takes. I'm not giving up until I overcome the obstacle that's staring me right in the face!
Man, I really want to be stronger than a kahuna! But I still just don't get how I can do that... But if I keep trying and using my full power, I think I'll find the way. That's how I feel whenever I battle against you, <var>. That's why I love battling you!
This is one battle I don't want to lose... Not against you! <var> and my team are the best, and they really want to win, too. I can't let them down. I've gotta at least do that much for them if I'm a real Trainer!
Man, it's like you're so close to me but I still can't reach you, <var>... I just can't close the gap between us... But I'll be fine. I've got <var> and everybody! You'd better stay the Champ and wait here for me to come challenge you again someday!
Phew! It is difficult, triumphing over all the Elite Four in a row. However, defeating the Champion will surely be even more challenging.
We do our utmost as kahunas, always striving onward to make a tale worthy of our history. Looks like you are going to make a fine tale for yourself, Champion!
If I am serious about my role as a kahuna, then taking on the Champion seems fitting!
We kahunas are chosen by Pokémon. And the Champion is chosen by the people. It brings me some joy to see this new age coming to Alola.
What does a Pokémon Trainer really need to be successful? I trained for a long time trying to figure that out. I guess everyone might have their own answer. But at least for me... I want the strongest rival for myself.
I didn't beat you, but it was still worth it... Going to train in Kanto, I mean. At the very least, I can appreciate your strength a lot more now than I could've before. Thanks, Champ. You've helped make us stronger.
You just use your best moves and see who is left standing at the end, right?
Phew... I'll be back again. You can count on that, Champion!
Champion... Now that is a title that everyone in Alola would bow before! I'm already a champion when it comes to power and prestige, after all... Taking this title would be my just deserts!
I admit you have potential... You have proved to me that my judgment of you when we first met was flawless, as usual. You are a worthy Champion!
As long as you claim that title, I will keep clawing my way here to you! That's right! I'm here to relieve you of the title of Pokémon League Champion!
You wait... Someday I will claw my way back up here again... but I suppose I should congratulate you first! See how bighearted I am to praise my opponent!
The name's Ryuki. I'm what you might call a star. I mean, with partners like my Pokémon, how could I not be a star? I came all the way across the sea here to Alola to spread my fame out here, too! The whole world will be mine soon!
Everyone's got their own problems, huh? The critics loved my songs, but nobody was buying my music for a while, man. But I'm just a rocker down to my bones. Nothing else to do but keep on rocking. I dig you, Champ. Looks like you know who you are, too, right down to your bones.
My babies here are dying to play a set. I figure what better stage than the Champion's! Allow me to introduce my bandmates! Come on, babies!
Oooh, that Champion's strength! I feel the flames of jealousy burning in my heart! But passing through the fire makes me stronger, and that's why I'm a star! I'll roll into town again sometime, Champ. I'm always looking for a good gig.
I came to keep my word about us having a battle next time, as I said after my trial at the Observatory.
You're great, <var>! You understand Pokémon so well and know so much about Pokémon battles. I see that thinking up this and that to try to defeat the Champion is the highest form of fun!
Playing games with Big Mo... Maintaining Festival Plaza... Checking the anime I've recorded... They're all fun but not the same as a battle with you, <var>. I worked out a plan with Ilima against you, <var>, to try to win.
You're way too strong, <var>... "Ping Totem Pokémon 2.0" is running smoothly, so next I'm thinking that I should put together Sophocles's enhanced program.
I came to check on what Kukui has built, and... the Pokémon League is fantastic! It's a place that conveys the awesomeness of Alola to the world. And in that case, I guess that what's important is what kind of Trainer the Champion is.
Just as I'd expect from an acquaintance of Kukui's! I too am proud that you are the strongest Pokémon Trainer in Alola! I'll try to come hang out again. Pokémon battles with you are more fun than any game!
I gave the captain position to my cousin Sophocles, but I'm confident in my ability. My strength is like that of a supernova!
Just as I'd expect from the Champion! In every situation, you pick the best moves and items. So I too have to rack my brain in the battle... At some point I want to have a battle with Sophocles and me as a duo versus you and Kukui for all the marbles. Or I guess a Battle Royal?
I don't really wanna be the Champion of the Pokémon League I made myself, but there's nothing wrong with wanting to take on the biggest and baddest Trainer there is, right? After all, I do love my research!
Whoa! Well, I always knew it would be a crushing defeat. I'm still glad I got to battle you, Champ. And I'm as thankful as I could be that I met you and your Pokémon!
All right, <var>, I'm coming at you with all my might. Woo!
Whoa! Well, I always knew it would be a crushing defeat. I'm still glad I got to battle you, Champ. And I'm as thankful as I could be that I met you and your Pokémon!
Those old dudes Molayne and Nanu somehow talked me into doing this. I'm starting from scratch as a Pokémon Trainer and doing it right this time. I've got a Z-Power Ring now, so I might actually be able to live up to their expectations.
Even when I give it my all, I'm nothing compared to you! Maybe my Pokémon and I need to go through more together to deepen our friendship. I'm out of here, Champ.
My team and I are battling for all the Pokémon we took out on our way here!
I failed again...like I always do. I promised myself I wouldn't! I told myself I would never fail again! It's all right to feel a little jealous, right? How else am I supposed to get stronger? My team and I really did take out so many Pokémon to make it here!
Hey, Champion! You've gotta recommend a move for me!
I trained as much as I could on Route 1... I went through the whole island challenge to get here... and still! Man, the Champion really is something!
Champion! I'm gonna serve you up a brutal helping of my Pokémon's best moves!
Well, at least I know you'll never beat me in how much we each love our Pokémon, Champion!
The Pokémon League... They say that being the strongest Pokémon Trainer is not enough to become Champion. So how about you show me exactly what kind of Trainer you are?
Caring won't keep the things you love safe. But if you don't care, if you're so hard at heart, you may find you have nothing left to protect... Is that it? Maybe I can understand Lillie a little better now.
As the president of the Aether Foundation, and as Lillie's mother... I will take you on in battle, <var>!
Strong and yet kind... No... Perhaps your strength in fact comes from that kindness. Thank you for battling with me. Thank you for being Lillie's friend.
Wanna see what destruction looks like? Here it is in human form—it's your boy Guzma!
Who knows what the Alolan winds will bring? Next time we meet, I'm counting on you to test how strong I've gotten.
I felt the winds of Alola blowin' and got an itch to come see you... You know the only way I can scratch that itch, huh?! By destroying you, of course! I'm gonna pummel you into little pieces, punk!
You destroy everything you can reach, kid, and when everything—and I mean everything— is gone, then you'll finally see it... That's when you'll see something new. Later days, Champion. 'Cause I'll keep coming around to fight you until I've found something new of my own!
