<var>!
The mansion...it looks like some kind of castle! Is this also because of the Ultra Wormhole that Wicke was talking about?
Stop right there.
Mr. Faba?! Wh-what are you doing here?
I strongly suggest you abandon your efforts to thwart Team Rainbow Rocket.
What...do you mean by that?
If Team Rainbow Rocket takes over Aether Paradise, the organization will grow far beyond where we are today...and more Pokémon will be saved!
...And if I can assist it in doing so, no doubt my career will also reach new heights!
Such a wonderful thought, wouldn't you agree?
Mr. Faba... Did...did you...? Y-you wouldn't...
Ah, as astute as ever, Miss Lillie! The same intuition that told you to rescue Cosmog still serves you well, I see.
Yes, you guess correctly! I have taken it upon myself to facilitate Team Rainbow Rocket's take-over and ensure everything goes smoothly!
Mr. Faba, how could you?! We...we trusted you! And you—! The Aether Foundation is not some tool for you to use to move up in the world!
You have to make this Team Rainbow Rocket stop all this at once!
...You may be astute, Miss Lillie, but I see you are less inclined to listen to reason.
Now, even I would be hard-pressed against the Champion, especially if Gladion or the grandson of the kahuna were aiding himer...
But with you tripping himer up, perhaps it won't be so difficult for me to win, even against the Champion! I thank you in advance, Miss Lillie!
Traveling with <var> has changed me, too! I'll show you my full power!
...As you will.
Then I, Branch Chief Faba, Aether Paradise's last line of defense, shall show you little children the harshness of the real world!
Hmph! I'll have you know defeating me won't do you any good, anyway.
The Ultra Wormhole has resonated with the boss's ideology and has gathered the toughest, meanest villains from many other worlds!
...Although, for now, they seem content just to do whatever research they wish, using the technology of Aether Paradise...
Now, I hope you enjoy your futile efforts!
Come on, <var>... Let's move on.
