<var>, look!
The hidden door behind the mirror is unlocked, and now we can use the warp panel!
I knew you could do it, <var>! Here, let me heal your Pokémon first...
Now, let's go!
Well now, what do we have here...? I come out wondering what the commotion is...
only to find the door to the center of the castle ajar, and intruders running wild! It seems those team leaders from other worlds are not nearly as useful as I had hoped.
Who are you?! Where is my mother?! You haven't harmed her, have you?!
Mother, you say...? I see, you're the daughter of the president.
My name is Ghetsis. I am representing Team Plasma.
I, too, was summoned from another world, much like the other leaders you've defeated!
There is no need to worry. You will find the president up ahead, blissfully asleep and dreaming.
Mother!
Ah, not so fast!
Please get out of my way!
Unfortunately, I cannot let you go beyond this point!
You see, I have been thinking long and hard about the reason I have been sent to this world. And now...I believe I finally have the answer!
My purpose... It is to travel between the worlds, freeing all Pokémon from foolish people... And at the same time, consolidate all the power in all the worlds to myself!
In order to achieve this beautiful ideal, however, I have need of a useful pawn...
And that man, the leader of Team Rocket, is a man of pure evil!
If I can make good use of him, and set him up as a king, I shall be able to reign supreme above all existence!
I have found that humans, with their predictable ambitions, are easier to use and control than a freak without a human heart.
It wouldn't do at all to have you get in his way, especially when I must establish him as my king!
Must you insist on interfering with my plans?
Very well, then... All obstacles to my ambitions must be removed!
What?!
I created Team Plasma with my own hands. I'm absolutely perfect! I AM PERFECTION! I am the perfect ruler of a perfect new world!
You lost. Now please, step aside!
This cannot be possible... I will not accept this!
Aaaugh!
Myah-ha-ha! No, no, no, no, no! You don't get it, do you? I can't be defeated! I won't be! IT. CANNOT. BE. ALLOWED!
You, tiny intruder! If you value this girl's life, throw aside all your Poké Balls, at this moment!
Y-you cowardly...
<var>, please! Don't listen to him!
Shut your mouth!
What's this? Your Poké Balls are shaking! Could it be that they're shaking with rage? No matter! Throw away all your Poké Balls, right this instant!
All right...
I refuse!
Myah-ha-ha-ha! Good, good... That's a good little boygirl. Do as your elders command you! Victory only suits perfect leaders, after all... Such as myself!
Were you not listening, or did you simply not understand? Well, you leave me no choice. This girl must...
I see you are still dedicated to your own desires, Ghetsis...
Y-you!
It has been a while.
Miss Lillie, it is good to see you again. We ran into each other in the lab, perhaps you recall?
Mr. Colress...?
And you, <var>. We meet again!
Ms. Wicke had sent word that you may need assistance. You'll have to forgive my rudeness, but I followed your trail using an invisibility device I recently invented.
It seems Ghetsis here has caused you quite some trouble!
Although it appears this Ghetsis is from a different world than the one I know.
Of course... The Colress of this world! But you should have no reason to meddle in my plans!
Oh, please...
I simply despise you, Ghetsis. That's enough reason for me!
What's this...? My body is being pulled...
No...NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
It seems like repeated use is not a problem, even with the prototype. I should have known Colress Machine No. 1102 would work!
Thank you for helping us, Mr. Colress!
But what did you do to that man?
I simply adjusted his dimensional "channel," if you will, and sent him back to his original world!
But Ghetsis is a man with power to match his ambition! He is not someone to be taken lightly. I can only hope that the taste of defeat will keep that Ghetsis out of trouble in his world...
Y-yes...
But turning Aether Paradise back to its original form...
With all the different worlds mixing together, that won't be easy, even for me!
There is tremendous power of evil at the center of the castle... If we can remove that man's twisted desires, the Colress Machine should be able to revert everything back to normal...
You mean Team Rocket's boss? If we can do something about him, everything will be fixed...?
Indeed, Miss Lillie! You are a very sharp young lady!
I would like to study this castle, however, so I leave the rest to you two!
This castle... Oh, of course! Necrozma's power to open Ultra Wormholes overflowed and resonated with intent of tremendous evil, twisting reality and causing this to appear!
The vortex of power somehow...summoned the evil leaders, such as Ghetsis, from their worlds!
It's all very interesting... Ah, I mean, quite a pain. I could put this power to much better use!
