



You'll need to find a Mago Berry for me. But you'll find a lot of a certain Pokémon called Fomantis living around here. They tend to live in trees that are dripping with Honey.
You can harvest Honey from the flowers that bloom here in the jungle! But you'll also find plenty of Pokémon where there are lots of flowers!
A Big Root, huh? You can find them near the trees deep in the jungle that look kind of like Sudowoodo! But you'll also find that some of the trees that look like Sudowoodo ARE actually Sudowoodo! Good luck and watch out!
So, about that ingredient... You sure that's the one you want to grab? If any Pokémon had their eyes on it, you might be taking something the Pokémon thinks belongs to them. And then they may come attack you later.
I'll be fine!
O-oh...
If you have to think that hard about it, then maybe try somewhere else, hmm?
Then it's on to the next ingredient! Chop-chop! Let's keep moving!
When you find the ingredients you're sure you want, come show them to me, OK?
All right, <var>, that's what I like to see! Since you've got all the ingredients, let's head back to the entrance.




People say Pokémon are lured in by flowers and gather around them. Watch out when you see a bunch of flowers if you don't want to get attacked!
These ingredients are important for this trial, but they're also very important to the Pokémon that live in Lush Jungle. This Thick Club I'm going to give to Mallow, too, was the result of serious effort on the part of my Marowak and I.
Mallow's trial... Let's hope she doesn't take things too far.
Oh, <var>! Are you here for Mallow's trial, too?
Yup
Why do you ask?
Oh, I was just taking a guess. Looks like you got lured in, too, huh? I came because Mallow asked me to bring her some Fresh Water.
Heh heh. Mallow asked me to bring her some Fresh Water, so here I am. I wanted to have a look around here for a Big Root that I could use as a fishing rod anyway, though.
I'm sure a fresh-faced Trainer like you will be able to find a nice, fresh Big Root in no time!
