Ahh!
Fey fey!
*munch munch*
Ahhh... Aromatherapy... I feel so relaxed whenever Comfey hits me with it... Like all my worries just waft away...
Are you sure you should relax quite so much, Mallow? I quite like it when you're full of energy. You're much less likely to be startled by an unexpected visitor when you are.
<var>?!
When did you get here?!
N-not that it matters. I was just trying to get closer to my Pokémon to see what kinds of special dishes they might like me to make for them. That's all!
Like I thought, true relaxation might be out of the question for you, my spry Mallow.
I can so relax! You know I can, right, <var>?
Sure you can
Heh...
Oh, geez! You two! I'll show you! I'll prove it in battle!
Prove it, then
Now hold on a sec!
Why should I? I want to have a battle!
Now I understand why the Mallow Special is quite so special. Heh heh...
Now that my Pokémon have me feeling all relaxed...take our all-out attack!
Awww, I lost... Guess now I'll have to get my Grass-type Pokémon to make me feel all better again...
Oh, like you can talk, Lana! You're not the one in hot water!
Poor Mallow is feeling bashful. But I know how to guarantee you keep what you saw a secret.
A battle? You're on!
A battle? Hold on!
Oh dear, Mallow. It looks like your secret might be out...
I knew you would take my bait, <var>. I don't really mind if you tell Mallow's secret. Not as long as I get to battle you!
Here, take this Green Petal! I'm only giving it to you because you're doing Mina's trial, though! Not because I'm trying to get you to keep secret what you saw here! That's a total coincidence!
And take this from me... A Blue Petal. Did you know? The Blue Petal is the same shape as one of Wishiwashi's scales.
So, <var>! You're going to Kiawe's place next? Do you want to go to Wela Volcano Park with two pretty pals like us?
Pretty please!
Pretty much no
Well, that was quite the vigorous answer! Let's definitely go to the volcano together.
Traveling with someone is like a Destiny Bond, huh? It really ties you together somehow. If you ever want to go with us, say the word!
You know, <var>, I have to say... you are quite the catch.
Lush Jungle... Yes, I still remember the frightful shock of that special dish...
Well, I hope you have the stomach for what you will face here, <var>. Alola!
