I'm terribly sorry, sirmiss... But the Battle Buffet isn't open yet!
Please come again when we're open.
Whoa!
What a terrifying restaurant!
Hey, you! If you're looking for an elegant dining experience, then let me tell you: you're in the wrong place!
Hello and welcome to the Battle Buffet!
We offer an all-you-can-eat buffet here.
All the delicious stuff! And lots of it! Chow down to your heart's content!
However, our shop is frequented by a lot of Pokémon Trainers.
If you and another one of our patrons have a dispute over some food, you can settle it with a Pokémon battle!
Whether or not you'll leave here satisfied depends on the strength of your Pokémon! That's what the Battle Buffet is all about!
That'll be $1,200. Will you be dining with us?
It looks like you can't afford it...
Thank you very much! Please come again!
Very well, then. Allow me to show you to your seat.
The Battle Buffet starts now!
Mealtime lasts for 10 turns. Get as many delicious dishes as you can within the allotted time.
That's time! Feel free to partake of all the delicious food you've gotten!
Did you get enough to eat at the Battle Buffet?
You have the look of someone whose belly is full of delicious goodies!
You look pleasantly full to me!
Hmmm... From the look on your face, I bet you could still eat some more.
You look totally unsatisfied, like your body and mind are both still hungry.
Please accept this present from our shop.
Thank you very much! Please do come again! We'll be waiting for you!
This is our super popular Chansey omelette! First come, first served!
This is our super popular Take Down steak! First come, first served!
This is our super popular Miltank cheese pizza! First come, first served!
Would you care for some delicious Hoenn ramen?
Would you care for some delicious Whirlpool sushi?
Would you care for a delicious Vanillite parfait?
We've got some leftover Tamato pasta... You want any?
We've got some leftover Eggant in chili sauce... You want any?
We've got some leftover Rindo salad... You want any?
There's still a mountain of food!
There's still tons of food!
There's still plenty of food!
There's not so much food left now!
There's hardly any food left now!
There's no food left at all!
You devoured the Chansey omelette!
You chowed down on the Take Down steak! 
You made short work of the Miltank cheese pizza!
You sucked down the Hoenn ramen!
You scarfed down the Whirlpool sushi!
You inhaled the Vanillite parfait!
You gobbled up the Tamato pasta!
You feasted upon the Eggant in chili sauce!
You gorged on Rindo salad!
I think it's about time they brought out the super popular Take Down steak.
I think it's about time they brought out the super popular Chansey omelette.
I think it's about time they brought out the super popular Miltank cheese pizza.
Oh ho ho ho! Oh ho ho ho!
I am the buffet queen! The empress ruling over all worldly buffets...
I have made my way through life devouring all goodies in my path!
I happened to see you eating the other day.
The way you eat is so cute and exciting! Stay just the way you are! You're fabulous!
I mean... What I'm trying to say is... I think you're just so lovely!
I was hoping we could have a battle just once.
What do you say? Wouldn't you like to see which of us is fit to be boss of the buffet? 
All right, bring it on then! Let's go grab a seat, shall we?
We'll have 10 turns. Grab as many delicious goodies as you can in the allotted time. Whoever walks away with the fullest belly wins!
Well then, let's get this buffet battle started!
What, are you too busy? Fine. We don't have to battle.
Come back when you feel like battling! If you keep me waiting too long, I might lose interest!
Oh, you came by to see me again! How about it? Wanna battle me?



Time's up! The buffet is finished!
OK, time to see who walked away from the buffet more satisfied!
My level of satisfaction is...
Mmmm! Delish! I'm pretty satisfied!
How satisfied are you?
Hmmm... As far as I can tell...
You look like someone who's totally satisfied by your belly full of delicious goodies!
You look pretty full! You must be satisfied!
What a stern look! Looks like you didn't get enough to eat!
You look terribly disappointed! Looks like your body and mind are still hungry!
Well, the results are in! Looks like...
I'm the big winner! Oh ho ho ho!
It's a tie...I guess. That's pretty cool...I suppose!
Come back whenever you feel like battling! I'll be ready and waiting for you!
I'll always be happy to take you on whenever you like!

You won! No way! Ooh, I'm so mad!
Thanks, though. That's the first taste I've ever had of defeat. Kinda bitter, isn't it?
Heehee. Way to go! I knew you could do it when I first laid eyes on you!
I have to give the title of buffet queen to you now!
From now on, you're the new buffet queen!
From now on, you're the new buffet queen...
Oh, wait, no. You're a boy, so you'll be the buffet king!
Keep eating lots of delicious goodies so you can grow big and strong!
Good-bye then. I hope we can meet again someday.
What's that? What am I going to do now?
Hehe. There's a whole world of delicious goodies out there you know nothing about! I'm gonna go eat 'em all up!
Hmmph!
To eat or not to eat? Hmmm... Allow me to consult my stomach.
After consulting with my stomach, it seems that we're fated to battle!

What should I eat next? Let me know, stomach...
The food of commoners always looks so quaint. Wo-wonderful!
You seem to have your eye on it, so it must be good commoner food. I'll be taking my share—all of it!

What a quaint idea this "buffet" system is! I do enjoy being around you commoners!
*slurp*
Heh. Looks tasty, doesn't it? That's because I made it all! I take the responsibility of tasting everything very seriously!

I became a Cook because I love food, but all I do is cook, not eat! It's really frustrating...
What sort of cuisine do they serve here?
Ooh, so before we partake of the main course, we can start off with an appetizer of a Pokémon battle!

There are many kinds of cuisine in the world.
Hi-yah! I need all the nutrients I can get before I head to the mountains for my training!
You have to fight if you want to eat! In other words, welcome to the Battle Buffet!

The sadness of being unable to eat what I want is intense. If I can get over it, I'll become even stronger!
Strong Trainers gather to eat popular dishes... This is going to take some skills!
I'm normally just a Pokémon Breeder! Here at the buffet I become a warrior loyal only to my appetite!

I'm the type who gets all excited when I'm hungry.
Eating is truly the greatest pleasure we have in life! You'll understand when you get older.
I feel like if I can just eat this delicious food, my meeting will go better!

Ah, who cares about my boss? If I don't get something good to eat, I don't think I can take it anymore!
Don't worry about me. I'm just looking. No, really, I'm just looking.
Hang on a second! I can't help it! I do want to eat after all!

What do you think of girls who eat a lot?
Only the strong can eat! Muwuhahaha! Sounds like my kind of place!
Your food is my food now! And I'm about to devour my food!

No food for the weak... And I thought this was my kind of place...
I'm gonna fill up on some tasty food. It might be tough...
What do you think you're doing?! I saw it first! You think I'm gonna just let you take it?!

They always have plenty of dishes no one likes left over...
I'm no Youngster! I'm a starving monster!
My favorite things, huh? That's easy! Tasty treats and Pokémon battles!

I guess Youngsters can't actually become monsters...
The law of the jungle is the only rule here at the Battle Buffet!
Hey, stop that! That's mine! I told you, it's the law of the jungle!

I thought it had something to do with a jungle gym...
For this amount of food... and these ingredients... Let me see... According to my calculations...
OK! This dish will be indispensable if I want to get my money's worth!

What a fool I was... Calories had nothing to do with it...
I like this tense atmosphere. To eat is to live, so everyone here is so serious.
Hey, if you can beat me, do you want me to feed you?

Open up, here it comes!
I can keep going. I can still eat more... I've got to eat a ton to make this worth it!
Whether you get to eat or not, it's $1,200! If that's the case, I've got no choice but to eat!

Your Pokémon and your appetite sure are healthy!
Dine here
Hear the explanation
Come back later
I'll have some!
No thanks
<var> turns left
You got <var> Chansey omelettes!
You got <var> Take Down steaks!
You got <var> Miltank cheese pizzas!
You got <var> bowls of Hoenn ramen!
You got <var> pieces of Whirlpool sushi!
You got <var> Vanillite parfaits!
You got <var> plates of Tamato pasta!
You got <var> plates of Eggant in chili sauce!
You got <var> Rindo salads!
I'm terribly sorry, sirmiss, but you may only visit our restaurant once per day.
We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Really? You already want a rematch? I'm too full to eat another bite today!
Why don't you come back and see me tomorrow, cutie?
Ooh, it all looks so delish! What should I eat?
Are you leaving?
If you leave partway through, you'll lose all the dishes you've already gotten. Is that OK?
Please continue enjoying the Battle Buffet.
Oh, do my eyes deceive me, or are you our Champion?
I knew it! Thank you so much for coming, Champion! Allow me to show you to a seat worthy of someone of your status!
Not yet... It's not quite time yet...
How can I help you today?
I hope you enjoy dining with us.
This is a special present from our shop! You can get just one a day!
