Only one per customer and that's set in stone! So what do ya say? You gonna buy...or no?
Skull Fossil
Cover Fossil
Plume Fossil
Armor Fossil
No thanks
Yessir, ma'am! That's one petrifying example of <var> right there! You gonna give me $<var> for it?
Yeah, I'll take it
No thanks
You already bought that one, didn't you? I toldja one per customer. That's set in stone!
A Fossil captures our past, fossilized forever! It's too valuable to be discounted for a pauper!
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Sinnoh region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the sturdy Head Butt Pokémon, which used its hard head to attack in battle. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Unova region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the Prototurtle Pokémon, which is thought to be an ancestor of Turtle Pokémon. You can't find it here in Alola, so be sure to take good care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Unova region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the First Bird Pokémon, which is thought to be an ancestor of Bird Pokémon. You can't find it here in Alola, so be sure to take good care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Sinnoh region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the sturdy Shield Pokémon, which used its hard head to protect itself. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
Fossils are pretty popular here in Alola. You never know when we'll sell out of stock!
Helix Fossil
Claw Fossil
Jaw Fossil
Dome Fossil
Root Fossil
Sail Fossil
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Kanto region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It's a Fossil of the Spiral Pokémon, which swam through the ocean using its 10 tentacles. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Hoenn region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the Old Shrimp Pokémon, which used its extendable claws to catch prey. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Kalos region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the Royal Heir Pokémon, which could crack anything with its tough, tough jaw. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Kanto region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the Shellfish Pokémon, which lived by concealing itself on the ocean floor. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Hoenn region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the Sea Lily Pokémon, which had tentacles resembling the petals of a flower. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
This is a rare find that the store's owner, Olivia, brought all the way from the Kalos region to help the spread of Fossil Pokémon. It is a Fossil of the Tundra Pokémon, which lived a quiet life in cold regions. It's very precious, so be sure to take care of it.
