Are you out and about on your island challenge? When you've completed it, come on back. Don't forget about me here, OK?
That <var> of yours... I don't know why, but it sure takes me back!
You know Mankey, right? I'm actually the one who came up with it! The boss told me to make a Pokémon with a bit of this and a bit of that, and that's what I drew! I'm pretty fond of it myself!
You know, I thought up the Pokémon moves myself and programmed 'em in myself, too. So I never really wrote down the details or anything. Sorry about that...
We had a poll in the company once a long time ago to see which Pokémon was most popular... and back then the winner was Exeggutor!
Tauros used to be real strong, huh? I was the one who thought up that one. But Blizzard was a bit too strong, eh?
You know Diglett, right? It's actually basically just a character that I had made up when I was a little kid. I even drew up a flip-book featuring it then!
You know Mew, right? I made it. Everything about it. The pixel art, its cry, its Pokédex entry, everything. I just barely finished in time, too! It was right at the very end of the game's development!
Can I tell you a little something, just between you and me? See, the Japanese version of Pokémon Blue was an exclusive release when it first came out. Only certain people could get it. From what I heard, that was a real pain for the people working in the shops that sold it...
We were all young folks in the office back when we first made Pokémon Blue to be sold in Japan. Now we're all a bunch of middle-aged coots.
Back in the day, the programming used up all the space on a cartridge, so if we wanted to add something new, we had to clean it up first... First we'd find enough space, then we could make what we wanted... It was a pain!
In that one game, you could talk to the Pokémon following you to find out how it was doing. I was the one who came up with that idea!
I heard something from Masuda one time... Apparently the sound that plays when you save is different in each version... I gotta tell you...I can't tell any difference at all!
Just between you and me, but... When we were working on these new titles once, I got told to come up with version differences... Boy, I was gobsmacked! But in the end, I'm glad I helped make them.
You know Shuckle, right? I was the one who thought it up. Bet you were surprised to find out that giving a Shuckle a Berry to hold in Gold and Silver would turn it into a Berry Juice after battling!
You know Piloswine? I designed that Pokémon. I felt like I had to get all 12 animals in the Chinese zodiac together, you know?
The Time Capsule was pretty awesome, right? Boy, it still sounds like a dream... To be able to go back and forth in time, popping back to the past or into the future as you'd like! But making it work was a real pain.
I loved the Bug-Catching Contest! Did you know that you can win it even by catching a Caterpie or Metapod? It's true!
Boy, when we were told halfway through development to make Kanto, too... I thought I might just expire on the spot! But I'm glad we made it that way.
When we were having trouble fitting all the data in for Gold and Silver, and we were really in a pinch, this amazing guy came along and made a program for us that solved all our problems. He went on to become the amazing president of a real big company soon after that, too.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Attack stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Defense stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Sp. Atk stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Sp. Def stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Speed stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means all its stats grow about the same. If it's all the same to you.
I'd say I'm pretty up to speed on Pokémon battling. And the director... Well, he's not as good as me, but he's not bad. So what do you think? Want to take us both on in a Pokémon battle?
Let's battle
Let's not
But you don't have two Pokémon that can fight!
Good. Then let's do this!
Hey, Iwao!
Yup, I'm here! What did you... Huh?! A battle?! All right! Then I'll be aiming for victory!
Oh yeah? Well, that's a real shame. I'm really good, after all.
You're really good, too. I really thought we might whip you, but... Well, you sure got us in the end!
Very good! Really! You've raised some great Pokémon! Let me heal them up for you.
We'll fight you again sometime, if you want. Just once a day, though, OK? So come back tomorrow. Though I'll probably have forgotten you already.
We're not gonna fight you again today. You've got to come back tomorrow.
Oh, you're a player! We've been making games here. What color would you choose?
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Red, huh? Interesting! I'd say you're probably the type who stays true to your heart and says what you want.
Green, huh? Interesting! I'd say you're pretty dedicated to our game, then. Are you a fanatic, maybe?
Blue, huh? Interesting! I'd say you're probably the type who does what you want, even if it's not the popular thing.
Pi! Pikachu! Pika pika chu!
And look at you! That <var> you've got with you... That tells me you like to delve into history and think about how things come to be. I've got a set of Poké Balls to give to a Trainer like you!
You received a set of Poké Balls that have been crafted from Apricorns!
Go on, and catch your favorite Pokémon in the balls you like best!
Clefairy is the cutest, isn't it? Oooh, I just want to hug it and squeeze it!
Ciao! You know, I just love getting to meet so many Trainers no matter where I go in the world!
Getting to have everyone play the game that I helped make... It's a dream come true!
Everybody here at GAME FREAK loves sweets! If you leave candy or anything sitting around, it will be gone in no time... Here, I'll share a sweet drink with you, too. Take it from me!

Have fun on your adventure with your Pokémon!
And here. I'll give you this, too. With one of these, the Pokémon you drop off at the Pokémon Nursery will have a better chance than usual of finding a Pokémon Egg.
