Hiii there. ♪ Yes, you. ♪ We're the Hidden Maidens! ♪
See we're, like, here in Alola for a shoot. ♪
But we're taking all the shots ourselves. ♪ We don't have a cameraman. ♪
We don't have an agent or anyone to help us, but we're going to be big someday, soon. ♪
That's why we need your help, stranger. ♪ We need shots for our PV. A promotional video for our work. ♪
We were thinking, like, maybe a Multi Battle. ♪ There'd be this big, bad Trainer who is so, so mean to the poor Hidden Maidens... ♪ And we'd be all cute and, like, "Oh no!" ♪
So could you take us on in a Multi Battle? ♪
No way
Sure
Awww... If you ever come around, we'll be here. ♪ And of course we'll give you a reward if you can help us get some, like, savage shots. ♪
Yaaas! ♪ I, like, totally love you right now. ♪ Let's do it. ♪
Um, you do know that there's, like, a certain number of Pokémon you need for Multi Battles?
OK, Scene 1... The Hidden Maidens run into some trouble at the beach! ♪ And...action! ♪
That's a cut! ♪ That was so savage!
We're going to have the best photos. ♪ We really owe you this time. ♪
Here. Take these as your, like, reward. ♪ Use them every day and think of us, the HMs! ♪
We call these Hidden Machines where we're from, get it? ♪
Truth is we've got our own hidden sides, yeah? Maybe we're, like, high key stars, but we're low key HM makers. No, seriously, we make Hidden Machines.
Yeah, we're like national treasures back in the Kalos region because of our HM skills. ♪ But there's no money to be made in making HMs. You can't even sell them!
But we heard that people don't need HMs here in Alola, so we figured... Like, maybe we could sell them here as regular old TMs, right?
And we thought we could sell tons of them if we market them ourselves, since we're so cute! ♪
Surf and Waterfall are both super strong TMs! You should, like, at least try teaching them to one of your Water Pokémon pals.
It'll be savage. ♪ Thanks again for your help! ♪
You'd better stay our fan! Don't forget your Hidden Maidens! ♪
