Welcome to the Thrifty Megamart! Thanks for choosing the Thrifty Megamart!
...Hold on a second there, pal. You look to me like a kid... buuut I can tell just by looking at you that you're a pretty decent Trainer. Sure, I'm just a part-time worker now, pounding away at the register with a smile on my face, but once I was a Trainer, traveling around on my island challenge, too.
I even made a pretty fair name for myself. Kagetora the Eevee User, that was me. But then I got a wife, and then I had a kid... Now I face a new trial called a mortgage. And I work here to prepare me for the most grand trial of all: old age and retirement!
...But never mind all that. Look, there's something I'd like to ask an able young Trainer like you to do for me. Back in my heyday, there were these eight older Trainers I was always trying to beat. They all used Pokémon that evolve from Eevee. How would you feel about taking them on? If you say that Kagetora sent you, I'm sure they'll agree to a battle.
If you can beat them all for me, I'll have something to give you. It'll be worth it. So just ask me if you want to know more about any of 'em.
Oh, it's you again. So how's that favor coming along? Need me to tell you about an opponent?
The Vaporeon User
The Flareon User
The Jolteon User
The Espeon User
The Umbreon User
The Glaceon User
The Leafeon User
The Sylveon User
No, I'm good
The Vaporeon User, Polly... They called her the Wild Whirlpool of Alola. She was a cool drink of water, all right. A bikini-clad beauty who beat all the boys. Her Vaporeon's Hydro Pump could blast through solid steel plating... She was from Melemele originally, and I think she trained to be a teacher... It's been 30 years since I last saw her, but I hope that'll be enough to find her.
The fiery magician, brimming with life... Chad the Flareon User. His temper burned as hot as any flame, and he was always quick to find a fight. His Flareon's fire attacks were relentless, going after opponents like a living thing. I know he always stayed at the Tide Song Hotel back in those days... It's been 30 years since I last saw him, but I hope that'll be enough to find him.
Oh yes. The electrifying ball of energy that was Jane the Jolteon User... She looked like a lovely young Lass, but beneath that sweet face was the heart of a tyrant... Her Jolteon slammed into opponents like a bolt of lightning from a blue sky... Last I heard, she was working somewhere on Ula'ula Island... It's been 30 years since I last saw her, but I hope that'll be enough to find her.
The Espeon User, Ishaan... The sun itself was charmed by his sweet looks. His Espeon danced past enemy attacks, letting them slide right off it like some kinda miracle. Ishaan worked at the Geothermal Power Plant back in those days, but now... It's been 30 years since I last saw him, but I hope that'll be enough to find him.
The immortal ruler of the night... Braiden the Umbreon User. The rumors say that he died once and came back to life. Everyone was afraid of him. His Umbreon gave off its horrifying aura all the time and never let up... He used to hold some kind of ceremony in the cemetery on Melemele Island every night... It's been 30 years since I last saw him, but I hope that'll be enough to find him.
Miss Absolute Zero... Rea the Glaceon User. That cool beauty seemed to have a soul of ice when she mercilessly pursued her opponents. Even time froze around her Glaceon! I know that she originally came from some small village on Melemele Island... It's been 30 years since I last saw her, but I hope that'll be enough to find her.
A goddess of beauty in full bloom... Linnea the Leafeon User. She was a world-famous model and a powerful Grass-type Pokémon user. When her Leafeon cried out, even withered and dead trees burst into bloom once more... She used to always stay at the Hano Grand Resort when she was between gigs... It's been 30 years since I last saw her, but I hope that'll be enough to find her.
The queen of Fairy Pokémon... Yes, Sakura the Sylveon User. That pure young maiden was adored by Fairy- type Pokémon, who saw her as a queen. Even wild beasts were captivated when her Sylveon appeared before them... I heard that she was a descendant of the nomadic seafolk... That's the best hint I can give you to find her.
Got it. Remember, I'm counting on you, kid.
Oh, it's you. Wait, what?! You beat them all?! What happened then?!
... ... ... ... Time truly is cruel to us all, isn't it? Fine then. I'm ready now.
I have one last favor to ask of you. Would you let me have a battle?
Of course
Hold on
If I do this, I think I'll be ready...to let go.
I understand... I'll wait.
Enough. It's enough. Our day has come...and it has gone. But I haven't forgotten your reward. Here. I want you to take this.
I used that crystal back when I was a young Trainer, but I don't need it now. You use it and you build a new age. I'll stay here and take care of the mortgage and the old age.
You're not one of the students, are you? What do you want from an old cleaning lady?
Are you the Vaporeon User?
It's nothing...
...Well, yes, I suppose I am. What's that? Kagetora sent you to battle me? I don't mind. But no complaints out of you for having to take on this bent old woman!
Every rain cloud has its end... And no one can win against time's march. Now I'm retired from training, and I spend my days with Vaporeon cleaning these windows. But how is that boy Kagetora doing? Is he well?
...Yes? What is it? Do you need something from me?
Are you the Flareon User?
It's nothing...
Oh... Ah... I see... So you know Kagetora? You would like a Pokémon battle from me? How...nostalgic. It's been quite some time.
A fire needs fuel to keep on burning. But once the fuel is burnt up, only ash remains. My working life is over. I've reached retirement. All that is left of my life is the ashes. Me and Flareon are done with battling. I'd rather just go to lomi lomi and relax.
Ya-a-awn... The old eyes are getting tired...
Are you the Jolteon User?
It's nothing...
...Why, yes, I suppose I am. I'm Jane. Eevee? Kagetora? I'm sorry, child. I don't remember them... I do remember Pokémon battles, though... Though I'm not sure if I'm still up to one...
When lightning strikes the earth, it is swallowed up...and it disappears. Even if you try to whip an old body into action, there are simply limits to what it can do. And besides...I really don't remember anyone called Kagetora.
I suppose I should be moving... I'll need to fix Espeon some supper...
Are you the Espeon User?
It's nothing...
Why, that's a question I haven't heard in many long years. I am Ishaan, if that's what you mean. Kagetora? Oh! Oh yes! I remember that boy! Now that is a tale that takes me back... And you want to have a battle with me? I suppose I could, but please keep in mind that I am an old man.
Even the sun itself, who rises with such glory in the morning, must eventually set. So it is for human life, and I think... I think that I see the moon rising on the horizon. But what about that Kagetora? He's not that much younger than me... Do tell him I said hello.
I suppose that's enough for today... I'd better hurry home or that son of mine will go berating me again for wandering off...
Are you the Umbreon User?
It's nothing...
...That tale is decades old by now. How old are you, boygirl? Well, you're not wrong. I was once known as Braiden the Umbreon User. And you know young Kagetora? How is that little whippersnapper? Sure, I don't mind battling with you... Though I'm due to check in to the hospital soon.
No night can ever be endless. Dawn comes and snatches away the dark. I feel that light creeping into my life, blotting out the stars and stealing away the night. People used to talk about me once. Said I was immortal and such nonsense. I was just in the hospital a long while, that's all. But human life does end. Anyway...you give Kagetora my regards.
It's about time for my appointment with the beautician...
Are you the Leafeon User?
It's nothing...
W-well...yes, I suppose I am. Who might you be, child? Oh! A friend of sweet little Kagetora's? Of course I'd be delighted to battle you! I still have some spirit left in me!
The flower that blooms will wilt and fall. The stalk will wither and return to the earth. But not for Leafeon and me! We refuse to accept such a reality. I will do everything that money and medicine can do to keep my looks! But my bones can't help telling the truth. At any rate, do say hello to Kagetora for me.
When is that grandson of mine coming home?
Are you the Glaceon User?
It's nothing...
Well... I am Rea, who used to always use a Glaceon in battle. You're friends with that Kagetora? Sure, I'll battle you. I'll get it over with in no time, don't you worry.
Even the drifting snow will melt away. The only thing I want out of life now is to spend as much time as I can with my grandchildren. You tell Kagetora that's my biggest worry now. I don't want him sending more Trainers after me.
Then I've got to go and get Sylveon some snacks at the malasada shop...and...
Are you the Sylveon User?
It's nothing...
...You're looking for the Sylveon User Sakura? That's my grandma! And that Kagetora guy asked you to come visit her? But my grandma died last year, you know? Oh, I know! Here, I keep Sylveon now, so how about I battle you instead!
The sweetest part of life is when you're cute. But the sweetest part is also the shortest. That's what my grandma told me. Maybe you can tell that to your Mr. Kagetora or whomever!
Welcome to the Thrifty Megamart! Thanks for choosing the Thrifty Megamart! Hmm. You look like a Trainer, but I can tell that you're still just getting started. If you can become the strongest Trainer in all Alola, why don't you come talk to me again?
