
Hey! Listen, listen, listen. You've got to hear this!
OK
OK...?
Gee, thanks! ♪ The name's Gester! I know you don't know me, but you know how everybody has their favorite poses for when they throw Poké Balls and whatnot in battle? Those moves are called your battle style. And I'm the choreographer who came up with all those battle styles, once upon a time. But I don't have a successor to pass all my knowledge on to. Which is why I need you.
I want you to be my battle-style successor!
Look, I'm your elder here and I'm asking you a favor! You can't say no!
OK
No
All right! Now I've got me a successor! ♪ Then let me get started straightaway with a lesson for my favored pupil!
All you have to do is copy me! Now, do what I do!
One! Two! Three! Here's! The! Pose!
You learned the elegant style!
Now you can use the elegant style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime. But that's ALL I'll share with you today! I'd love to give you more battle style lessons, but first you've got to get MORE experience! When you have some MORE experience, then come back and see me!
Hello, my precious successor! What's going on? Do you need me?
I want to change my battle style
I want to learn new battle styles
I'm good
You're good? You don't need me?! You're breaking my heart over here, kid!
Well, aren't you just full of spirit! That's why you're my successor!
Then let me give you a little hint to get you going on the path to more smashing styles!
Which battle style would you like to know more about, hmmm?
Normal style
Elegant style
Girlish style
Reverent style
Smug style
Left-handed style
Passionate style
Idol style
Nihilist style
I'm good
The girlish style? Hmm... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, then you should spend some more time around some other cute girls, wouldn't you say?
The reverent style? Let me think... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, then you should spend some more time around someone with dreams. A romanticist, yeah?
The smug style? Let me think... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, then you should hang around the kind of guy who is always trying to act cool, yeah?
The left-handed style? Let me think... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, then you should spend time around someone who actually IS left-handed, right?
The passionate style? Let me think... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, I'd say you'd need enough experience to win 50 battles in a ROW in the Battle Tree, right?
The idol style? Let me think... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, I'd say you've got to have the moves to stand above all others in the Battle Royal!
The nihilist style? Let me think... Well, if you want to learn those kinds of moves, maybe you should be experienced in life enough to even take on an old man with no scruples!
Oh, you! You know we already did that lesson!
Oh. My. Word. My successor! Look at you! You've really had some experiences now! Then you should be ready for another battle style lesson, with all you've been through.
All you have to do is copy me! Now do what I do!
One! Two! Three! Here's! The! Pose!
You learned the girlish style!
You learned the reverent style!
You learned the smug style!
You learned the left-handed style!
You learned the passionate style!
You learned the idol style!
You learned the nihilist style!
Now you can use the girlish style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
Now you can use the reverent style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
Now you can use the smug style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
Now you can use the left-handed style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
Now you can use the passionate style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
Now you can use the idol style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
Now you can use the nihilist style in battle! Just come talk to me if you want to change your battle style anytime.
No. Way. Look at you! You did it, my precious successor! You learned every last battle style! In other words, you've graduated! There's nothing more I can teach you! It does make me a little blue, but even if I'll miss you, I am just SO proud of you, kid! You go out in the world, and you ROCK those battle styles for me!
That is, like, literally what I am here for! So which battle style do you want to do?
Normal style? OK!
Elegant style? OK!
Girlish style? OK!
Reverent style? OK!
Smug style? OK!
Left-handed style? OK!
Passionate style? OK!
Idol style? OK!
Nihilist style? OK!
Then that's what I'll change it to! Imagine that we're standing on a glittering stage!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
And your battle style is set!
Now go out and break some hearts with your smashing new battle style!
