Hey. You.
You are the one they call <var>?
I am
Not me
Hm...
I can see right through any lies you tell, boygirl.
A certain...interested party sent me here to you...to give you this.
You should have a look at what it says.
But take care where you read it. No one else is to know of my visit or that card.
So you actually came...
You must be <var>. Mustn't you?
Please, you'll have to forgive me for my stunning disguise earlier.
I'm very grateful that you accepted my invitation to join me here in my room. My name...it is Looker. I am a member of the International Police.
And this figure here is my boss...
It is an honor to meet you, of course, the first Champion of Alola. Please forgive our rude summons. My name is Anabel. I am the head of a secret division within the International Police. We are the UB Task Force.
Please forgive me for the most sudden question, but I must ask... is it true that you encountered UB Symbiont?
UB?
Symbiont?
The UBs are the beasts... otherwise known as Ultra Beasts. They are unidentified life-forms that reside in a different world from the one we live in. That Nihilego creature you encountered was one such beast.
Yes, UB-01...Symbiont. I suppose you knew it as Nihilego. The International Police refers to all of the UBs by code names, like Symbiont there. I believe you might recognize it as the Pokémon that the woman Lusamine fused with?
Now that we have cleared that up, please allow me to ask once more. Did you come in contact with Symbiont? That is, with Nihilego?
I did
I beat it
Just as we had thought...
That seems to settle things, Chief.
Listen. Everything that we are about to share with you is highly classified information. We must ask that you keep all that you learn here to yourself. The incident that Ms. Lusamine caused... Symbiont wasn't the only UB to appear from the Ultra Wormhole that was temporarily opened at that time.
We have confirmed the presence of another Symbiont, other than the one you encountered. And we have received reports of sightings of several other types of UBs... The UBs are dangerous beings whose powers exceed the boundaries and logic of our world. And they were dropped rudely into this world against their own will... We can only expect that they will be extremely wary and combative.
And so we have been tasked with three duties. The first is to investigate the ecology of these unidentified UBs. The second is to look out for UBs and protect the people from any harm. And the third is to either protect the UBs... or destroy them...
If the UBs are destructive beings that will seek some sort of revenge upon our world, then the order from above is to erase them completely.
But neither myself nor Looker would like to see that happen. Even if they are UBs, they are living creatures. We would like to protect them and save them.
But protecting the UBs... it would seem to amount to catching them, and that is a more difficult task than simply destroying them would be. We do not currently have the battle power necessary to achieve such a goal.
And so we finally arrive at the point. Let us dispense with any pretense... We wish for you, the Champion of Alola, to lend us your assistance.
<var>... we want you to join our team. Please give your aid to the UB Task Force.
Sure!
What?!
Please... We want to save the UBs. But to do that, we will need your strength...
You accept? Thank you very much!
So that means, Chief...
I know, Mr. Looker.
It is only a formality, but I still must test you to ensure that you can handle this job. <var>. May I ask you to join me in a battle? I will wait until you are ready, so do whatever preparations you need and then speak with me.
You will want to prepare quite well for this. My boss is a very tough lady.
So you're ready for me? Let's begin then, shall we? Let me see your talent in its entirety. No need to hold back.
Thank you... I believe the testing is complete.
I see no problem at all with your skills. Rather I would have to praise you for them.
I hope that we will do fine work together.
So now you are a member of our team, young <var>! You are most welcome! Then there is no time to be wasting. Let us begin your first job! The chief and I will set out to gather more information about the UBs. We want to ask you to visit the secret labs in the bottom of Aether Paradise!
There you should find our other partner in this endeavor. The vice-chief of the Alolan branch of the Aether Foundation: Ms. Wicke.
She will know why you've come. Now set forth, young <var>!
The lower floors of Aether Paradise. That is where you must go to find the secret labs and to meet with Ms. Wicke.
Welcome back.
It would seem that you managed to meet with Ms. Wicke. I also expect Mr. Looker will return shortly...
È un disastro!
Is...something the matter, Mr. Looker? If you spoke in English, I might understand. What has you so bothered?
I'm sorry! It is a terrible habit I picked up. But we do have a disaster in the making! Sightings are being reported of another UB-01! It is Symbiont! And the perp has been right here in Akala, right under our very noses!
I understand.
Then, Mr. Looker. Mr.iss <var>. It looks like we have a job to do.
My task will be to protect the populated areas.
<var>... you will go to where the sighting was reported.
Mr. Looker, you are to stay here and coordinate our backup, if we should need it.
I...I see...
Backup is a vital part of any operation, Mr. Looker. We are entrusting our safety to you.
Yes, ma'am!
Then I will be going ahead. <var>, stay safe!
Good luck out there, Chief!
Young <var>! Do take care and keep yourself safe out there! If you ever are in need of more information, you may come talk with me!
I've finished sending the data from the UB you protected to HQ. And to Ms. Wicke as well. Thank you for your hard work, <var>. With this development, I think we will be able to solve the mysteries surrounding Nihilego.
Well! Regardless of all that, congratulations are in order, young <var>! I, the great Looker, think I shall provide a great feast to celebrate your great success and your addition to our team! There are some rather tasty restaurants here on this island, after all!
Oh? But how would you know that, Mr. Looker? We have only just arrived in Alola...
Urm! I read about them in a magazine they had at the local Pokémon Center! D-don't you worry yourself about the details! I'll go and ask if they don't do delivery.
My goodness... That Mr. Looker...
Oh yes. There was one other thing I wanted to tell you. The original plan was that the UB you caught would be collected by the International Police. However, we have been able to secure official permission for you to keep it, <var>.
It was a bit of a hassle to get all the details ironed out, but... If we take the UB to headquarters, it would end up as a research subject.
I expect it will be much happier staying with you, <var>.
C'est une catastrophe!
M-Mr. Looker... Yes? What is it this time? In English, if you please.
I'm sorry! It is just a habit of mine! But never mind that—we have a disaster! I got a tip about a new UB sighting! This time the sighting was on Melemele Island. I'm sorry, but we'll have to put off our feast!
I understand. Let us hurry to Melemele Island at once.
Yes, ma'am!
I will go ahead to Melemele Island and set up a new base of operations at the motel there. Please join us there as soon as you're ready, <var>.
We make for Melemele at once! We're trusting in you, <var>! Don't forget: the Melemele motel is on Route 2!
