Oh? Looks like you're a trial-goer, eh? I've got a favor to ask of you then.
I'd be happy to help
I'm too busy
...Oh. So that's how it is, eh? No time to listen to an old lady's problems, is that right?
Route 10 here is long and wide, and it's a great place to let your Pokémon play a bit. My Stufful hadn't been getting much exercise lately, so I let them out of their balls to have them run around a bit... But they haven't come back! I want to go look for them, but it's hard for an old lady like me to traipse all around...
If you find one of my little Stufful, you just tell them to come back to me. They're impish creatures, but smart as a cookie and with noses that could sniff out anything. They'll find their way back home to me.
Will you help me find my Stufful along Route 10?
Sure
I'm too busy
I've got <var> Stufful lost out there somewhere. Maybe they're hiding?
...Oh, I see. Sympathy is a real rare commodity these days.
*sniff sniff*
Grrrr!
The Stufful ran off in a hurry...
Hmm... Well, <var> of them have come back so far... But where is the lastare the other <var> still hiding?
Oh! You, child! All of my Stufful have made it back, thanks to you!
You've been a great help to me here. I surely do owe you, my young friend. Have this Muscle Band from me, as a token of my appreciation.
Cute and strong and just a little bit wild... That's what a Pokémon should be like! And that's why Stufful is the best.
Glistening sweat! Slippery goo! The perfect tune that keeps Hano Beach going! Pyukumuku chuckers are desperately needed! Won't you become a Pyukumuku chucker?
What's that?
I'm too busy
Now that's a shame! The job pays pretty good, you know!
I'm one of the staff members responsible for keeping Hano Beach spotless for our guests. But Pyukumuku sometimes wriggle up on our beach from the sea. I don't know why they do it, but we can't just leave them there. They shrivel up on land and that's not all... Our guests get grossed out seeing them and sometimes even get hurt stepping on them!
So we end up with no choice but to chuck those poor Pyukumuku back into the sea! I'll explain the job to you. It's pretty easy. Step one! Catch Pyukumuku! Step two! Throw the Pyukumuku back into the sea! Step three! Report back to me once every last Pyukumuku on the beach is returned to the sea!
So what do you say? Think you've got what it takes to be a Pyukumuku chucker?
Sure, I do
I'm too busy
Then get every last Pyukumuku on this beach diving right back into the sea! Let's see... I can still see <var> Pyukumuku left on the sand and in need of saving!
We really need some more hands to get this job taken care of. Come back if you ever have time!
Puke?
Muke...
You chucked the Pyukumuku back into the sea...
Hey there, part-timer! You've gotten <var> Pyukumuku safely back into the sea so far. Which means that you've still got <var> more to return to the sea!
Good job, part-timer! You've got every last Pyukumuku that was stranded on the beach back into the sea! Now they are safe back where they should be, and the beach is safe for our guests.
You're a real good worker, you know? You have a real knack for Pyukumuku chucking. And I've got your pay ready for you right here. Take it! You've earned it!
Pyukumuku are one of the most famous of all the Alolan Pokémon. But a lot of tourists from other regions don't understand their appeal. It's a real shame.
But no matter how many times we toss them back into the sea, they come wriggling back up the next morning like clockwork. Feel free to come back and help again whenever you have some spare time!
It looks like all of the Stufful have gone back to their Trainer...
It looks like all the Pyukumuku are gone from the beach...
Back for another day working as a Pyukumuku chucker? I wish I could help you out with that... But I'm so worried about that Pyukumuku that's looking downhearted that I can't focus on work...
