Thank you for joining us, <var>.
Mr. Looker has already set out to gather more information about the UB. I have been waiting here on standby. I expect we will have another visitor soon.
A visitor?
Who?
A mysterious person who claims to have some knowledge of the UB. He insisted that he would not share any more details with me until we met in person... But if he does have any real insight into the UB, then we cannot let this opportunity pass us by.
So I think it is best if you and I wait to take any further action now. And that we trust Mr. Looker to handle the fieldwork. Though I do feel bad asking him to do all the work for us.
I must applaud Mr. Looker for that remarkable energy of his. He is in a class of his own, even within the elite members of the International Police... I would never have expected someone like him to serve under my command...
Don't mind if I let myself in.
Y-you are...?
How you been doing? You're well?
M-Mr. Nanu... My, it really has been a long time... but why in the world are you—?
I'm your contact. You want to know about that monster, right?
Monster... So you were the one who reached out to us?
I forgot about this kahuna meeting we were all supposed to go to. That's how I ended up stuck as the messenger.
And here you are, boy.
And here you are, girl.
You're acquainted with <var>?
Guess you could say that.
And...do you have some information for us about the UB that has been sighted on the island?
It's not like I've seen it or anything. Just heard rumors. You know.
Yes. So then...could I trouble you to tell us what it is that you do know?
What was it you guys were calling it? Absorption or something? Well, you'll find it in Melemele Meadow. Not just one of 'em either. Two of the suckers.
What was it you guys were calling it? Beauty or something? Well, you'll find it in Verdant Cavern. Not just one of 'em either. Four of the things.
Wait... Wait just a moment! How do you know our code names? That is highly classified information!
Hmph. No one wants to hear about that. Good luck.
Mr. Nanu was in fact a superior of mine when I first joined the International Police... I never dreamed that I would meet him once again under circumstances such as these...
But if the information that he shared with us is correct, then there are multiple UBs this time.
The situation is dangerous. If we don't act at once...
¡Es un desastre!
M-Mr. Looker... In English, if you would...
I'm sorry! But please! This is no time to care about my odd habits! The UB sightings! I've gotten a hot tip! The perp really is right here on Melemele!
It appears that it might be UB Absorption! It seems to be a UB of great strength and formidable muscles! But that is not all... It is not one creature, but two! In Melemele Meadow!
It appears that it might be UB Beauty! It seems to be a beautiful yet dangerous UB that can move at incredible speeds! But that is not all... It is not one specimen, but four! In Verdant Cavern!
So it appears that his information was correct...
Hm? What's that? Did you say something just now, Chief?
No... It's nothing. I understand, Mr. Looker.
Then, Mr. Looker. Mr.iss <var>. It looks like we have a job to do.
My task will be to protect the populated areas.
<var>. You will go to where the sighting was reported.
Mr. Looker, you are to stay here and act as our backup once again, in case we should need it.
Hold it right there! Not again! This time I insist that I...
Please understand, Mr. Looker. You do not have a partner Pokémon with you. I cannot allow you to operate in a place where you are likely to encounter danger!
And besides that...having such an experienced veteran as yourself serve as our backup is a vital task in an operation like this one.
Understood, ma'am!
Then I must be off. <var>, I wish you fortune in battle!
Good luck out there, Chief!
You take these, <var>. I received them from Madam Wicke.
I trust that you will be careful out there, my young <var>. And one last thing before you go... Madam Wicke finished analyzing all of the data that we gathered on Nihilego, AKA UB Symbiont. If you wish to learn more about that creature, you should speak with Madam Wicke in the Aether Paradise secret labs! Now it is time we get to work. And I'm here if you need to ask me anything!
I've finished sending the data from the UB you protected to HQ. And to Ms. Wicke as well. Thank you for your hard work, <var>.
With this data, I think we will be able to solve the mysteries regarding UB Absorption... otherwise known as Buzzwole.
With this data, I think we will be able to solve the mysteries regarding UB Beauty... otherwise known as Pheromosa.
Ugh...
What's the matter, Chief?!
I'm fine... I'm fine. There were just so many of them this time that I was nearly run off my feet...
... ...
What? I'm fine, really! Please don't stare at me like that!
Y-yes. Of course, ma'am.
You two must also be tired. What shall we do now?
If you are terribly exhausted, there is only one natural conclusion to make...
The one thing that takes away all weariness! It is, of course, a feast! This time, indeed, we must have a great feast to celebrate our successful mission! And there is a restaurant here on this island where we can eat to our stomach's content! I speak of course of the Battle Buffet!
Oh? How curious. How is it that you are once again so familiar with the local restaurants?
... ... I-it's just by chance! The chanciest of chances! Not the Chansey-est, mind you. Just chance! N-never you mind that! The most important fact right now is that it is a very popular place! I will go at once to make a reservation!
Mr. Looker is simply hopeless, isn't he?
And Mr. Nanu... he was an excellent police officer years ago. He was on par with Mr. Looker even...back then. I'm really only here in this position now because of him...
Es ist ein Desaster!
Oh? Mr. Looker? Back so soon again?
Could it be...
Yes, it could indeed! In fact it is, Chief! I've gotten a tip about another UB sighting! This time it is on Akala Island! We must delay our feast once again!
Roger that, Mr. Looker. Then we must hurry to Akala Island at once.
Yes, ma'am!
We will return to the motel that we formerly used as our base of operations on Akala. I hope you will join us there as soon as you are ready, <var>.
Back to Akala! We are still counting on you, <var>. The motel on Akala's Route 8! That is the place you must come!
