So you came...young <var>.
The chief has already left to set up protection around the populated areas...
You sent her off to the wrong location?
What choice did I have? She is reaching her limit. We have to force her to stand by to regain her strength...
So now we can finish our little talk. You've got one Faller right here...
and the other one is Anabel. Though I don't think she knows it herself.
Nanu and I, we found her here ten years ago, unconscious on the shore of this very island. We'd just finished our mission here.
... ...
She had lost most of her memories, but four things she could tell us. That her name was Anabel... That she came from the Hoenn region... That she had protected some tower there... And that she was a powerful Trainer...
Then she was placed under observation by the International Police. All because they detected an insane amount of Ultra Wormhole energy from her.
It may be that she was wandering lost in the wormhole for some time... Regardless of that, she then entered the International Police herself.
And then got promoted right up past you, her senior, is that it?
Gotta hand it to the International Police. They really are terrible. Using the same strategy and setting up another Faller, even though the same thing failed before.
Your assumptions, you are half right in. However...this mission, she chose herself.
... ...
Perhaps something in her laments, whether she is conscious of it or not... Perhaps she feels some grief over the fate of the UB, which came to this world just as she did.
But she is still a Faller. It is her fate to be targeted by the UBs. With a Faller right before them, the UBs will run wild with excitement. No matter how good she might be, everyone has their limits. That is why I had hoped to distract the UBs— to divert some of their attention.
That is why I asked you to help with the catching of the UBs...
But you're out of luck now. With Anabel in that condition... She'll be done for if she runs into any UBs now.
Hm... Yes, and I imagine that the false lead I sent her out on will not buy us much more time...
But before we're out of time, boy...
But before we're out of time, girl...
How about a battle with me?
No problem
Why?
Why not? If you've got some preparation you need to do, then I'll wait here for you.
Maybe you already know this, but that guy is a real tough opponent when he's being serious.
What a good little boy you are...
What a good little girl you are...
Then let's go.
That'll do, boygirl. I think that'll do fine.
Don't let me down.
I won't...000.
Well then, young <var>... It is our time to get down to work, is it not? Our final UB. Code name: Glutton... Nanu said he would lead it deep into the heart of Resolution Cave...
Here you are. As usual.
<var>! This is your final assignment! But first, my young friend...let us get the regular reports out of the way. Madam Wicke finished analyzing all of the data that we gathered on the last UB you caught. If you wish to learn more about that creature, then you should speak with Madam Wicke in the Aether Paradise secret labs! And now it is time we get to work. If you need to ask me anything, I am here!
I've finished sending the data from the UB you protected to HQ. And to Ms. Wicke as well. Thank you for your hard work, <var>. Now we will be able to learn all there is to know about Guzzlord, otherwise known as UB Glutton.
We've done it, Chief.
Yes... we have successfully contained all of the UBs.
Thank you so much for all of your hard work on these missions, <var>...
And Mr. Looker...
Not at all! All I did was provide backup to the two of you.
It was all you and <var>, Chief.
And now that we have finally completed our missions, I will treat us all to a feast of—
One moment please.
Wh-what is it, Chief? We have finally reached it—our grand finale! Which we should end with a big feast...
Our truly final mission requires that we go to Aether Paradise and report to Ms. Wicke that we have contained all of the UBs.
Oh! Indeed you are right! And we must thank her for the Poké Balls known as Beast Balls!
We will be going to Aether Paradise to report to Ms. Wicke about our success. If you are free, why don't you come along as well, <var>?
We make for the secret labs in the lower floor of Aether Paradise! Why don't you join us, <var>?
