Say, do your Pokémon know any moves that can restore HP in battle? There's this move called Roost, you see... If you'd like to know more about it, why don't you show me that you can defeat every Trainer on Route 3 first.
So you've defeated all of the Trainers along Route 3, have you? You have shaken me from my calm repose! My heart was a still water, but no longer!
I feel my heart trembling! So you've come again!
Shall we start? Let's have a soul-shaking battle!
I accept
I refuse
My soul is calm and unruffled.
That is a good reply.
I will stand before you as a Roost move user!
It was a fine battle. My heart feels as light and clear as the blue sky that appears after a storm passes through.
This is proof of the battle between your team and my own. Take it, my strong friend!
You will likely find other Trainers like me on the routes of Alola. Searching for strength. Challenging them together with your Pokémon would not be a bad reason to take a journey. 
Hehehe... You there! In battle, the sky's the limit! Are you ready to send your opponent into the atmosphere? What do you say? Might you be interested in the move Sky Drop? If you are, beat every other Trainer on Route 8 and we can talk.
You beat all of the Trainers along Route 8? Then it looks like it's finally my time to shine!
What a wicked little Trainer you are for making me wait like that...
Now let's get this thing started, shall we?
Yes, please!
No, wait!
If you make me wait too long then I'll run out of power for my full-force attacks!
Then here I go!
It's time for me and my Pokémon's Z-Powered performance!
Well, that's the end of me and my Pokémon's Z-Powered performance!
Thanks for taking part in the show! Take this with you as a souvenir!
I bet you can find other Trainers who use particular moves and items, just like me, on the various routes of Alola. Wouldn't it be fun to take a little detour and search them all out?
Looks like you're a fellow Trainer who can use Z-Power in battle. Let's find out whose full-force strength is the, uh, fullest! Beat all of the Trainers in this tunnel if you think you can take me on!
Looks like you did what I asked and beat all of the Trainers in this tunnel, huh? Well then, my Z-Powered challenger... do you want to compare Z's with me? We'll see whose Z is the best!
I've been waiting for you! Trainer who can wield the full force of Z-Power!
Then let us have a Z-battle to Z-prove who has the best Z-Moves!
Let's start
Hold on
Being cautious, are you? Then you must not have a lot of Z-Power!
That's a good answer. But I hope you're ready. My Z-Power is not to be trifled with!
Our full-force Z-Power competition begins now!
Very well done! That is some real Z-Power! Your Z is the most Z of any Z!
Let me award you with this token to show how highly I value and respect your Z!
There are probably other Z-Trainers like me out and about in Alola. If you want to achieve the ultimate in Z, then search them out and challenge them all.
Dragon Tail is a move that'll send an opponent flying in battle! Don't you want to learn such a peerless move, that no one can possibly stand against? If you do, then beat every last Trainer on Route 12 before you come talk to me again!
It appears you have completed your training and defeated Route 12's other Trainers... Then I, the kahuna of Route 12, will honor you with a battle!
I've been waiting for you. My reckless little challenger.
I'll show you the Z-Power of a Route 12 kahuna!
Let's do it
I'm not ready...
And I was just getting warmed up, too! Come on, kid. Don't make me wait too long...
Hee hee hee... So you think you're ready, do you?
This is the devastating Z-Power of the great kahuna of Route 12!
Rgh! I have been...done in...
I yield to you the title of Route 12 kahuna... and this as well...
I cannot allow myself to be satisfied with the title of kahuna in such a small area as this... I think it's time that I start setting my goals on the wider world as well!
Let me guess. You were wondering what a Golfer would be doing in a meadow like this. If you want an answer to that question, then defeat all of the Trainers in this meadow first.
Ho! Congratulations to you! You've beat all the Trainers in the meadow! Then I'll tell you why I am here... I am here waiting for a worthy Trainer like you!
Ho! So you've come again? I've been practicing my swing as I wait for you!
So what do you say? Will you have a Pokémon battle against me?
I will
No thanks
What, really? Come on! We should have a battle!
My special strategy hinges on my use of an item called the Flame Orb!
This Golfer's on fire! Here comes my full-powered best shot!
Mm-hmm. Just as I'd thought... You have what it takes to be the next wielder of my precious Flame Orb... Mm-hmm! I'm glad that I waited here for you so long.
Take it...my Flame Orb...
There! And that's that! I don't know if it's simply a part of getting older, but lately I've been completely hooked on golf. I'd gotten a bit burnt out as a Trainer and could no longer use that Flame Orb as I should have. Using it wisely takes a bit of tricky thinking, but if you figure it out, it'll pay you back in spades!
It takes a great deal of endurance and spirit to keep dancing without any pause. ♪ If you'd like to battle me, then you'll have to show that you have the endurance and spirit to rout all of the Trainers in the area first. ♪
Lovely. So you've defeated all the other Trainers around here, have you? ♪ It looks like you've got endurance and spirit. ♪
Oh, lovely. So you've come back to me! ♪
My Pokémon have plenty of endurance and spirit both. ♪ Each also has a Focus Sash. What do you say? Will you try taking them on?
I'll try
Not yet
Then be on your merry way. ♪ I'll be waiting here anytime. ♪
What a wonderful response! ♪ I can't wait to see just how long you'll be able to stay on your feet against me and my team! ♪
Let's find out which one of us really has the most endurance and spirit, shall we? ♪
Oh, how lovely! ♪ Just lovely! ♪ You and your team really do have a great deal of endurance and spirit. ♪
But I'll still give you this so that you can reach even higher levels of endurance and spirit. ♪
You use that and become a Trainer with most excellent endurance and spirit! ♪
Oh! You're the one from the great composition! I just did a hundred sketches, so now I'm taking a break. I beat all the Trainers around here, too, so now I'm totally bored again... I wish there was someone to go all out against. That's it! <var>! If you can beat all the Trainers around here, too, I'll give you a battle against me!
Oh! The one from the great composition! Looks like you've beaten everybody else in this place, huh? Then have a battle against Captain Mina! Let's get our Z on!
Hey, welcome back!
I hope you're ready for the extraordinary Z-Power of me and my Pokémon!
I'll take you on!
Not yet!
OK, I guess I'll wait. I'll wait ri-i-ight here. And not move an inch.
Then here I go! I'm going all out, big-time!
Me and my team are all full-powered to the max!
Hrmmm! Well, this is frustrating. I failed to really use my full power...
But it was a fun battle, so take this, big-time!
I'd like to draw a picture of the way you look when you're battling, <var>! Let's have another full-power Pokémon battle again sometime, yeah?
I'm one of the Trial Guides that's here to help out young trial-goers on their island challenge. Feel like learning a mysterious move, maybe? Its effects change based on where you use it. Let's see if you can beat all of the Trainers on Route 5, for starters.
So you were able to beat everybody on Route 5 at least, huh? Then I'll give you a little trial of my own!
Hey, welcome back, friend. You're that trial-goer, aren't you?
You think you're ready to take on my little trial? I've got a Z-Power Ring myself, as you can see.
I'd be happy to
Please give me some time
Yeah, sure, no problem. I'll be waiting here, so come back whenever.
I'd heard that the latest batch of trial-goers are a feisty lot. I've been looking forward to this!
This ol' Trial Guide's little trial is about to start!
That's the end of my little trial! Phewee, you've got some solid skills, kid!
Yup, I've got to congratulate you on this win! Here's a reward for clearing my little trial!
Seeing you young kids giving it your all like that... you all shine as bright as the sun over Alola! This may just be a volunteer position, but I'm sure glad that I decided to be a Trial Guide.
I'm one of the Trial Guides that are here to help you kids out during your island challenge. But the job that I was tasked with is actually to test how your skills are coming along. So why don't you show me you can beat every last Trainer on Route 15? Then come back here.
Looks like you didn't waste much time going through all the Trainers on Route 15! If you're that good, then I guess I'll pull out my Z-Power, too.
Hey! Back again? How's it going, little trial-goer?
Think you can take on my little trial?
Yes, please
Not yet
You sure you're up to this? Prepare real good before you come back.
I like your spirit, kid. I think I'm getting fired up, too!
Then the full-powered little trial of this Trial Guide is about to start!
Nice! You cleared my little trial. You're a real tough little trial-goer.
Here's your reward from me. Take it and carry on with your adventure!
All the trial-goers I see out and about on their island challenges have such great smiles... They're as beautiful as the brilliant moon that hangs in Alola's night sky. The work doesn't pay a lick, but I can't give it up when it lets me see those happy faces.
What? You want a little tête–à–tête with a Z-Power Ring user like yours truly? Then become the number two Trainer in all of Poni Plains, baby.
Looks like you managed to claw your way up to the number two spot in Poni Plains, huh? Then I guess you've earned a little rendezvous with the number-one Trainer: me!
Hey, number two! You planning to make me wait forever?
What do you say? Is it time for our little showdown?
Let's battle!
Not yet!
OK...but I'm not going anywhere. The number-one Trainer doesn't run away.
You can't just choose the cool-looking Pokémon and think you can win...
The full power of the number-one Trainer is going to finish you off for the day!
Oh, baby! I've gotta give you a hand! You are worthy of being the next number one!
So here you go, babe. A little present from me!
There aren't too many Trainers who've mastered using their Z-Power Rings. So don't forget I'm one of those special few! Please, baby!
Sorry, youngster, but I can't fight you. My Pokémon are like brothers to me. And they're not interested in battling weaklings. If you want me to ask them to fight against you, then beat all the Trainers on Mount Hokulani.
Are you the one who defeated all the Trainers on Mount Hokulani then? All right then. Fair enough. I like kids with a bit of pep.
Made me wait, didn't you?
I'll be using my Z-Power against you. You ready for a scuffle?
Sure I am
Not yet
Hmph. Fine, kid.
I think I feel something coming over me...
Sorry, kid, but my Pokémon don't know the meaning of the word "moderation"!
You... You've got some good Pokémon, kid.
Thanks for showing my brothers a good time. Here's your thanks.
You know, Z-Power is more or less the power of the pledge you've made to your Pokémon. And my relationship with my Pokémon is closer than that of a parent or a brother or anything.












