I can't agree to giving you my daughter's hand in marriage unless you prove your strength to me in battle. And that's that.
Ugh! Dad! I can give myself away... and I don't need your blessing to do it! Would you stop judging everyone just by how strong their Pokémon are?!
Th-that's right, um, sir... Our Gastly love one another, and so do we! So...
Eek!
Look! If all you want from a marriage partner is strength, then this kid should do, right? HShe's got a Z-Power Ring, after all!
Th-that's not the point at all! Don't you go trying to pull that kind of Switcheroo on me! Sure, when Pokémon use Switcheroo, they can swap held items, but I'm not fool enough to just swap one prospective spouse for another! Don't try to make excuses!
What about you?! Claiming that you can't rest easy if I don't marry a strong Trainer is just an excuse, too!
Please, trial-goer! Would you beat my dad in battle so he can blow off some steam and finally listen to reason?
Got it!
How is this my problem?!
Don't worry! You've got this! And I'll make sure your Pokémon are all healed, since you're fighting in our place.
Ridiculous... This is insane even for my daughter. But I completed the island challenge once! I'll take you on, boygirl! Show me what you've got!
Are you feeling a bit calmer now, Dad? See, even if we aren't the strongest... we want to do our best, just the two of us! No, the four of us! With our Gastly, too!
Come on, honey! Let's go get our marriage license!
Th-that's right! And our Gastly can be together, too!
Phew... You understand, don't you, kid? Your work's not over once you catch a Pokémon. It's by battling and taking that time together that you really get to know one another... and I'd say that a marriage is just the same. But I just don't know how to talk about those kinds of things with my baby girl. At least I've shared my nugget of wisdom with you, kid. And this glittering Nugget, too.
Now...I just have to see if I can summon up a smile at the wedding ceremony... Fool kids. If they both brought out their Gastly, they probably could have beat me, too...
When our Gastly evolve, we should trade them with one another!
If you use moves like Foresight or Odor Sleuth, Normal-type moves can hit Ghost types, too!
