For all life on our islands...
and for those who undertake the island challenge with joy in their hearts...
we pray for your protection... for them and all Melemele.
May this Pokémon battle be an offering to our island's guardian deity—Tapu Koko!
Before you stands Hau—grandson to the kahuna.
Let's have fun with this, <var>!
Before him stands <var>— one who has met with Tapu Koko.
What?!
What a curious little thing Tapu Koko is! Hah, that's just typical of it!
<var>! Take care of my little <var>!
As long as we both have a good time, then I think we can call it a great battle, eh?
<var>! Hau! Bring forth the power of your Pokémon!
Hoo-ee! Another great battle this year.
I bet Tapu Koko liked it, too.
Phew... That was awesome, <var>!
That was a really great battle! I had a blast fighting you!
It was a good battle. With this, even Tapu Koko...
Ko-ko-kooo!
Ho! You heard it yourself! Tapu Koko's song of approval.
Oh, I nearly forgot! I think it is time you take this, <var>.
Your Z-Power Ring, a mysterious armband that can draw out the power that lies deep within Pokémon... It can bring forth their Z-Power!
You slipped the Z-Power Ring onto your wrist!
We kahunas can make Z-Power Rings using stones like the Sparkling Stone that you received from Tapu Koko.
Though you will need to undergo the island challenge and collect Z-Crystals for yourself, if you wish to draw forth Pokémon's Z-Power!
And yet you have already received that Sparkling Stone... It seems Tapu Koko took quite a liking to you... or perhaps it has a mission for you.
Well, it's time for you to get out there and start your island challenge! If you visit every island, maybe you'll figure out what that mission is.
The island challenge?
Every island?
Four islands!
You'll travel to each of the four islands here in the Alola region. The island challenge is about aiming to be the strongest Trainer— the island challenge champion. Woo!
Sounds great, right? I can't wait to have a real adventure!
But I'll let Kahuna Hala explain the details!
