The Three Little Trial-Goers It's a game book where you get to take part! As you read, make your own choices to shape the story and the adventure as you like!
Would you like to give the book a read?
One day, Pikachu, Pyukumuku, and Slowpoke were busily readying their things to set out on their island challenge. "Hey, hey! What do you guys think we should bring with us when we set out?"
What should they bring with them?
Food
Money
Quit reading
So Pikachu spent the entire day preparing food enough for everyone. There were yummy sandwiches, cookies, and of course a generous helping of Berries! Finally, the only thing left to do was to pack them all safely in a basket.
After finding a good basket, Pikachu headed back to the kitchen to start packing up all the food to go...only to discover that the food had disappeared somewhere!
Where could that carefully prepared feast have disappeared to? Who should be questioned?
Pyukumuku
Slowpoke
"Um, Pyukumuku, do you know where all the food I made went to?" "Oh! I'm sorry," Pyukumuku mumbled. "Some of the other Pyukumuku smelled all the good food, and a few—or 10—of them stopped by..."
"They were all around me, drool dripping from their mouths, and I just couldn't stand it! So I let them eat it." "You did?! I mean, I'm glad if they liked it, but now I've got to make everything again..."
Oh boy... And so, once again, the trio failed to set out on their island challenge this day. Perhaps their time will come someday!                                          THE END
"Um, Slowpoke, do you know where all the food I made went to?" Slowpoke grinned and said, "Sure do! And it was delicious, by the way. Boy, I'd say it was as good as a Slowpoke's own tail!"
"Well, thank you for the compliment! But now I'll have to make food for our island challenge all over again," Pikachu said, with a small sigh of frustration.
And so all three of the Pokémon brought out their savings and pooled their money for their journey. Just then, there was a knock at the door. "Oh! We must have a visitor!"
Who should go to answer the door?
Pikachu
Pikachu went to check the front door. When he came back, Slowpoke asked, "So who was it at the door?"
Pikachu shifted uneasily from foot to foot, looking sheepish. "It was a traveling salesman. I'm sorry, but I... I spent all of our money!" he explained in a rush.
"The salesman said that this was the last piece of Pikanium Z he had in stock, and...and I'm always using that old Electrium Z I have, so I really, really wanted it!" "You spoiled little stinker!"
With all of their savings spent, the trio had to put aside their plans for an island challenge and focus instead on finding part-time work.
Pyukumuku pulled the door open, asking, "Yes? Who is it?" "I heard you three were thinking to go on an island challenge, so I came to give you a bit of advice!" It was Delibird standing at the door.
Pyukumuku was delighted. "Mr. Delibird! We would absolutely love your advice!" "Lovely! It will only cost you a mere $200!"
Should Pyukumuku pay Delibird the $200?
Pay
Don't pay
Pyukumuku handed over the $200. "Then here is my advice for you! If you have $200 to spare, use it to buy yourself a Potion! Buy a whole ton of Potions, in fact. Journeys can be a dangerous thing."
And Delibird gave Pyukumuku three Potions from his own stock. "Here is a special present to you for listening to my advice!" Pyukumuku was delighted with the gift.
With a good stock of items to keep them well, the trio was finally ready to set out on their island challenge. Their preparations were a great success!
When you are out on your island challenge, gentle reader, perhaps you will see this plucky trio somewhere and smile!                                          THE END
Pyukumuku turned down Delibird's offer for advice, saying, "Oh, that's all right... I reckon we can think things through and get ready all on our own."
The trio talked together about what they thought they would need for their journey. "We're still pretty little, so I bet we'll get real sleepy when night comes around. Maybe we should get an Awakening to keep us alert?"
"Then let's go shopping!" And the trio set out at once to go to the shop. "Um, please give us as many Awakenings as we can buy with this!" they called out to the shop clerk.
When they left the shop, though, Pyukumuku was staggering beneath the weight of so many Awakenings—and she tripped and fell! "Ow! Ow-ow-owww!" She was badly hurt!
"We don't have anything to help with injuries! We should have bought Potions instead..." With little other choice available to them, the trio returned home for the day.
Slowpoke opened the door, and standing on the other side was a very hungry Munchlax. "I'm starving! Don't you have anything to eat?" Munchlax asked.
Slowpoke replied, "We were planning to buy food on the road, so we don't have anything at the moment." When he heard this, Munchlax took a step inside, moving closer to Slowpoke...
"You know...you smell pretty tasty, Slowpoke. That tail of yours—and really all of you—looks so glossy and juicy and..." Munchlax swallowed, licking his lips as he took another step closer.
"Gahhh! Don't eat me! J-just keep away from me, and I'll get you some pizza or something!" And so Slowpoke hurried off in a rush to order a whole pile of pizzas to treat Munchlax.
Although it hadn't been in the plans, they all had a good time with their impromptu pizza party as Munchlax and the trio used up every last bit of savings they had.
