Oh! Hello there! You're a Pokémon Trainer, aren't you? I have a request to ask of a Trainer. Would you mind having a battle with me?
Sure, I could battle you
Sorry, not right now
Ah. Right, of course... No, it's completely my fault. I'm sorry for stopping you like that.
Oh, that's wonderful to hear! My name is Meredith. I'm an aspiring actress, you see. I've been imitating the various styles of Oricorio to work on portraying different characters. So, if you don't mind a little demonstration... *ahem*
All right! Let's go! Meredith is here to get this party pumped! I'll be cheering for us both to do our best!

Yup! That was my Pom-Pom Style performance, demonstrated in battle! I think I really get that kind of character now!
Thanks a lot for this! All right... I've got to go find some more styles to study! Alola!
Oh! Hi again! It was <var>, right? Do you perhaps remember me? I'm Meredith, the aspiring actress! Do you think I could trouble you for another battle today?
Oh! Well, of course you would say that... You're busy, too, right, <var>? Sorry for troubling you...
Oh, thank you! Then I'll try to take you on with a different style this time... So, if you don't mind a little demonstration... *ahem*
Alooo-laaa! Breathe in nice and deep and slow... Let the wind guide your body's movements... Feel the rhythm of the earth through you... And relax, and relax, and...

Thaaank you so much... That kind of leisurely battle, moving in time to the rhythms of the earth, really helped me to understand the Pa'u Style...
Thanks a lot for this! All right... I've got to go find some more styles to study! Alola!
Oh! Hello, hello, <var>! It's me again, the aspiring actress Meredith! I was hoping that I could ask you for another battle again today!
Oh, yes, of course. I'm sorry! But maybe some other time, if you don't mind? Thanks, <var>!
Oh, wonderful! Thank you! I think you know what to expect by now, but I'll try another style on you again today! So, if you don't mind a little demonstration... *ahem*
Hah! So you'll be my opponent today, will you? Magnificent! Then let's see if you can set our hearts aflame! Try to make me and Oricorio burn for you!

Heh heh heh... That was quite the battle! That kind of passionate battle was exactly what I needed to really nail down the Baile Style!
Thanks a lot for this! All right... I've got to go find some more styles to study! Alola!
<var>! I was so sure I'd meet you here! It's me, Meredith! The Trainer who hopes to be an actress! Now my journey to learn the styles needed to perform different roles is nearly at an end. So please! Do me the favor of battling me just one more time, in my latest style!
You really have a lot of responsibilities, too, don't you, <var>? But I'm really glad that you took the time even to stop and talk to me!
Oh, I'm so glad! Then I won't waste any time! *ahem*
Good sirlady, I would be delighted if you would agree to have a battle against me. So, if you please... Have at me!

My thanks to you, sweet <var>. You were so ruthless in that battle that I was given a perfect opportunity to test my Sensu Style performance under true pressure. Now then...
<var>... Thank you for helping me all these times! I will definitely use the experience you have helped me gain and become the kind of actress that can take on any role! Here! This is just my way of saying thanks!
Heh heh... I'd really love to give you an autograph or something, but I'll have you wait until I'm really famous before giving you that! After all, we will surely meet again, right?
Let's both do our best toward our dreams! Alola!
