There is one more hotel on Akala Island, sirmiss. I leave it up to your exquisite tastes to judge which of the two offers the most delight. Me? I prefer the Tide Song Hotel. I interviewed for a job at that other place and got rejected.
Sigh...
Ask what's wrong
Leave him be
Are you worried about me? That's very sweet of you. You see the truth is...well... I know I said I like the Tide Song best, but I still can't seem to let go of my dream of working at the Hano Grand Resort.
It is, of course, delightful to work here at the Tide Song, and I know I'm lucky to be here. Yet I can't help also wanting to experience working someplace a bit more glamorous... But I'd feel like I let down the owner of the Tide Song if I left now to apply to the Hano again.
Greetings, and welcome to the Tide Song Hotel. Is there something the matter, sirmiss? Anything that I might assist you with?
And so you told the owner of the Tide Song about the Bellhop's worries.
Hah! Is that so? I had no idea he had so much on his mind.
Traveling Trainer, if I might ask of you a favor? If you happen to have a Magmar among your Pokémon, would you be so kind as to show it to my troubled employee?
Will you show the Bellhop your Magmar?
You called Magmar from its Poké Ball in front of the Bellhop.
Wha—! That was a Magmar! But why would you...
Oh, never mind that! Listen! You've reminded me of something!
When I first set my heart on becoming a Bellhop, it was my mother who cheered me on. Yes, my dear old mother...who looks just like that Magmar there.
"When you become a Bellhop, you will be the face of the hotel—the very first person that guests see when they arrive at the hotel! "Be sure that you do it right!"
That's what she told me.
I am so sorry that I let a valued guest like yourself overhear me sighing like that! I am going to do my utmost to be the best Bellhop I can be, right here at the Tide Song!
That is a token of my thanks to you!
Thank you very much. I will see that he works his hardest and hones his skills until you'll hardly even recognize him!
I'd meant for him to remember how he felt when he first started out, and to try again for that job at the Hano Grand Resort if he wanted, but... I must admit that I'm grateful to see he is so motivated to do his best here with us.
Good day, and welcome to the Tide Song Hotel. Please enjoy your stay.
