Who Wants to Be a Game Creator? It's an interactive adventure book! As you read the book, choose what you'd like to do, and create a story!
Would you like to read the book?
The time is now! I've finally made up my mind to become a game creator! My heart is full of excitement and anticipation for the future!
Right! It's time for me to head outside and take my first steps toward becoming a game creator!
Where should I go?
Quit reading
To the ocean
To the mountain
To the town
The ocean is so vast! I feel as if my heart is growing, too! Whoa! There's a huge splash offshore.
There's a huge splash! What should I do?
Fish
Swim to get closer
I lifted my fishing rod and swung it down straight, just like throwing a Poké Ball! The lure flew beautifully. It's a perfect cast!
*splash splash splash* It's huge! But I still managed to haul it up. Woo-hoo! What jumped out of the water was a big Mantine...with...a guy on its back!
"Ho ho! I was watching you! You're pretty good at fishing! Now, I have a proposition. Why don't you come with me and become the best fisher in the world?"
I looked the man straight in the eyes and answered!
Yes! I'll do my best!
I have another dream...
Several years later... I became a full-fledged fisher! I keep a tight hold on my fishing rod and fish throughout the vast oceans of the world!
This is not the dream I set out to live, but I am living my life to the fullest. I feel happy every day!                                          THE END
"That's too bad, but I hope you can make your dream come true." He turned around and disappeared among the waves with Mantine.
At that moment, my eyes were glued to the man's movements! Those outstretched arms, his comfortably bent knees, his easy, relaxed stance, and his flowing, waving hair.
I wanted to see his movements one more time. But I never saw him again... I began to study the movement of the human body with all my might.
Soon I became a motion designer, someone who moves characters around. Now I can even re-create that man's fluid movements perfectly!
Yay! I made my dream come true! I became a game creator! Now, I'm going to make many great games!                                          THE END
I swam and got closer to the splash! There were three women practicing synchronized swimming!
One of the swimmers shouts, "Stop! Don't thrash your legs about so hard! In synchronized swimming, every splash, every drop of water, must itself be beautiful!"
Without thinking, I responded.
I had no idea!
I want to try it!
"I'll show you a beautiful splash!" As she quickly dove into the water, dancing droplets scattered beautifully around.
The droplets sparkled, shimmering in the light. I was so moved that even after I'd gone home, all I could think of was the beauty of the droplets.
I wanted to reproduce the beautiful splash so much that I started intensely studying light and the movement of water!
I became an effect designer, who adds effects to video games. Sand clouds, explosions, magic—I can make any kind of effect! Including beautiful splashes, of course.
A few years later... I became a synchronized swimmer! In my next competition, I'll be competing on the same team as the woman who inspired me!
Mountains are so huge! I feel as if my very soul is growing taller! Hm? Did something shine at the top of the mountain just now?
What is that?
Look at it with binoculars
Ask the person next to you
I held binoculars to my eyes and looked at the top of the mountain! The silver glimmer was coming from a vending machine!
I climbed the mountain up to the vending machine and found a sad-looking girl there. She said to me, "I put money in it, but it won't give me a drink!"
A good smack is the best way to fix a machine that's stuck. "Hi-yah!" I slugged the vending machine. *clunk* Out dropped a Fresh Water!
"Oh wow, thank you so much! I bet you could become a Black Belt!" The girl's praise makes me giddy!
I try to hide my blushing face as I answer her.
Yeah, you bet I'll become one!
Now, why did it break...?
A few years later... I have become a powerful, brawny Black Belt! And that girl promised to cheer me on at the next world championship!
Come to think of it, it was the broken vending machine that made the girl sad. I don't want to see her like that ever again!
I thought back to when I fixed the vending machine, trying to recall every detail. I remember it made a beeping noise when I hit it, and then the Fresh Water popped out.
What was that beeping noise? If the drink had just been stuck, it would not have made any noise like that. I began intensely studying the workings of machinery!
I became a programmer. I was able to create a reliable vending machine that never broke, and it made the girl happy. Next, I want to make a great game for her!
I asked one of the ladies sitting next to me, "Did you see something shine up at the top of the mountain?"
"Oh, yes, that must be, you know, that thing. I mean, it is evening and all—it must have been flying and turned, or something." ...Her answer made no sense at all.
As I stood there, mystified, the lady next to the first lady stepped in to explain. "An airplane must have made a turn in the air and reflected the light from the sunset."
The second lady's explanation was so easy to understand. I bet she always has to do an interpretation of what the first lady says!
In my amazement, I realized something!
Words are very important!
Interpreting seems like fun!
I thanked the second lady. But then, the first lady butted in. "Oh, but that's what I said from the very beginning, isn't it?"
I tried to keep my annoyance hidden as I answered, "Yes, of course! I'm sorry." The first lady smiled, and then they both walked away together.
The second lady's words were easy to understand, but it was my words that made the first lady smile in the end. I want to learn how to use both styles of words! I began intensely studying words and language.
I became a scenario writer. My stories aren't just fun—I always try to write lines that are easy to understand and make people happy!
A few years later...I became an interpreter! And this year, I'll even get to work as an interpreter for the Pokémon World Championships!
The town is so lively! I feel like my spirit is becoming more cheerful as I walk! ...But where am I? I think I've become lost!
I've become lost! What should I do?
Ask at the police station
Wander aimlessly
I stepped into the police station. "Excuse me, could you tell me where I—" Suddenly, I was interrupted. An old man cried, "You must help me!"
The old man showed me the vase in his grasp as he said, "Somebody stole my precious vase and left this fake one in its place!"
"Please, help me, Officer!" The old man seems to have mistaken me for a police officer!
I tried to calm him down. I began to speak. "No, sir, you've got the wrong—" He exclaimed, "Of course I have the wrong one! You can tell by the sound it makes, see?" He flicked the vase, and it rang beautifully!
Caught up in the moment, I blurted out...
I'll find the culprit!
This note is F!
A few years passed. After deciding to help the old man on a whim, I have become a police officer! I help people throughout the town and solve any crime that comes my way!
The old man looked surprised and said, "An F note...? Th-then this must be my real vase! No other vase could make such a sound!" I asked, "So why did you think it was a fake?"
"It's been a while since I gave it a good polish. That must be why it looks so faded! My mistake—sorry about the hassle!" The old man wandered off, holding his vase and humming to himself.
The contentedness in the old man's humming filled me with elation. And that compelling note the vase made... I began to intensely study sound and its various effects.
I became a sound designer! Based on my experience with the old man, I have composed many great themes—for mysteries, for joy, and of course for vases and the old man!
*pant pant* After wandering aimlessly for some time, I grew tired. Suddenly, someone shouted at me! "Hey there, you're looking pathetic!"
A pretentious guy on a bicycle zipped by me. "I'll bet you can't keep up with me!" he snorted. His attitude made me angry!
I chased after the guy. He continued to taunt me by pedaling just beyond my reach! With a sneer, he said, "Oh, come on now, you'll never catch me like that!"
Finally, a bit of luck! I managed to chase him into an alleyway that was too narrow for a bike! "OK, OK! You got me! I give up!" he said.
Feeling proud and happy, I told him...
It's thanks to this alley!
I'm not bad on my feet, eh?
The pretentious guy and I settled our differences and shook hands on it! But I must have run for 10 minutes or more!
I began thinking about the paths I just ran through. This town had no hills, and the turns were all clearly marked. It was easy to keep running!
I had never thought about roads that made running easy! Geography and city planning are really interesting! I began studying intensely about paths and how they should be.
I became a map designer! To this day, I design maps, focusing on making maps that are easy to navigate and fun to wander around in!
A few years passed. Having enjoyed my taste of pedestrian victory, I became a marathon runner! There's no path I won't run on! The world is my racetrack!
