My partner at the back is acting really weird lately.
Di... Di...
Dittoooo!
A Ditto was disguised as my partner?!
Are the Ditto Five responsible for this?
The Ditto Five love humans so much that they transform into humans. They are very troublesome!
They mean no harm, but they mess up people's relationships, so they are registered as wanted Pokémon.
But where in the world did my partner go? By any chance, did Ditto...?!
Sorry! I had a cold and was in bed for a while!
*cough cough*
Thank you for finding out that a Ditto was disguised as my partner. Take this as thanks.
Lately in Konikoni City, there are sightings of people who might actually be Ditto. I'm investigating these cases.
You found out my partner was actually a Ditto. It would be reassuring if I could get your help.
I see... That's too bad.
Ditto can transform into anything. It's an amazing Pokémon.
Really?! Of course, I'll reward you for your cooperation!
I've heard that in Konikoni City, there's a seller who interacts with customers in a bizarre way. A Ditto may be involved.
Defeat or catch the Ditto. Either way, please report it to me!
Di...Ditto-o-o-o-o?!
You managed to deal with the Ditto that was disguised as the herb seller!
Hey, sorry for being away for a while. I was picking some herbs with Captain Mallow.
I'll start selling herbs again. So come see me!
What?! The herb seller was a Ditto!
No wonder his interactions with customers were bizarre. Although its appearance may be exactly the same, it can't speak a word.
Lately, the flavors at my favorite restaurant in Konikoni City seem to have changed... It may have something to do with Ditto.
Dittottotto.
You managed to deal with the Ditto that was disguised as a chef!
Oh no! I'm late! I'm late!
I ate too much yummy food and got stuck in the door at my home. But for some reason the restaurant is running all right... Was someone cooking?
What? Ditto was disguised as a chef in the restaurant?!
No wonder the flavors have been different lately. Ditto was cooking...
Lately, more and more people feel less stiff and tense in Konikoni City. I wonder if it has something to do with Ditto.
Didi!
You managed to deal with the Ditto that was disguised as the lomi lomi massager!
Hmmm... Strange...
People in town are raving about their massages, saying they make them feel like they're melting. But I was closed for a while. Strange...
What? The massage therapist at the lomi lomi massage place was a Ditto?!
So a Ditto was giving people lomi lomi massages?! Of course... If Ditto, with such a melty body, gave you a massage, the stiffness in your body would just melt away, too.
This is not about Ditto, but lately Olivia often gazes at the sea alone in Konikoni City. ...I wish I could be of help to her.
Ditto!
You managed to deal with the Ditto that was disguised as Olivia!
What?! The person who was gazing at the sea was actually a Ditto, not Olivia?!
Watching her from behind like that, with her sadness seeming to blow in the Alolan breeze... I was certain that was Olivia.
Thank you for dealing with the Ditto. This is a reward for you!
Please keep investigating Ditto! I'm counting on you!
Wow! You managed to take care of the entire Ditto Five!
Thank you very much for your cooperation!
Ditto act weird and can't talk, so now we can tell disguised Ditto from humans.
What if Ditto that can fully understand humans' minds appeared?
Maybe... People near you may have been swapped with Ditto without your knowing... Haha!
Oh, you! Thank you for your patrol!
I'll give you one more gift as thanks for solving the cases!
Di...
Di...
...tto?
... ... ...
Something wrong?
... ... ...
... ... ...
... ... ...
