Greetings. Captain Ilima here.
So you've spotted me sticking up one of these lovely stickers, have you?
That's a sticker?
You did what now?
Oh yes! If young trial-goers collect these stickers as they travel and follow the path they indicate, they will quite naturally progress along their island challenge! Really, if I had to describe them, I would say these stickers really save trial-goers like you.
But I cannot let my guard down... Those Team Skull thugs have far too much time on their hands, and they're always trying to get in the way of Trainers on their island challenge. I have to keep an eye on them to be sure they don't take down my stickers.
I've actually just had a report that Team Skull was seen making trouble around town. I suppose I should go have a look.
Well then, young <var>. I hope you'll have a delightful time running about to search out and collect Totem Stickers!
You have an island challenge amulet! Plus Normalium Z and Fightinium Z! So it would seem that you've cleared that trial of Ilima's, have you? And even battled Hala? Congratulations!
Oh! Well, hello there. Good to meet you. I'm Oak—Samson Oak. I'm a Pokémon researcher, and I'm looking into the Totem Pokémon found around here.
Yes, Totem Pokémon... Why are they so large? What gives them that burning aura? Don't you find yourself wondering as well?
I do!
Not really...
Precisely my point! In that case, let me tell you this...
Is that so? You may say that now, but I think that hearing what I have to propose will change your mind!
I want you to collect certain stickers for me, to receive a totem-like Pokémon for yourself! That's right. I mean the Totem Stickers!
You can find Totem Stickers here and there. Peel them off whenever you find them, and try to collect them all.
If you collect 20 Totem Stickers to show me, I'll give you a fine Gumshoos!
If you collect 20 Totem Stickers to show me, I'll give you a fine Raticate!
Don't let me down, young <var>! After all, you are the Trainer that Professor Kukui entrusted with Rotom there!
Zzzrt!
I'll be around Heahea Beach on Akala Island, if you need to ever find me! You can reach it with a spot of Mantine Surfing.
Oh! Young <var>! I've been hoping to see you again!
It seems you've collected <var> Totem Stickers! I told you I'd give you a special <var> that's as big as a real Totem Pokémon once you got <var>, so I guess it's yours!
You received <var>!
Hrmmm... It looks like your Boxes are too full to exchange your Totem Stickers for this fine totem-like Pokémon, ambitious young Trainer!
So you've collected <var> Totem Stickers... Hunting them down is quite the task, isn't it?
The captains and Trial Guides work hard to stick Totem Stickers up all around Alola. Searching them out should surely help you progress through your island challenge!
Even after finding every last Totem Sticker, that doesn't mean the quest to understand precisely what Totem Pokémon are, or what source their auras derive from, will end!
Why, young <var>! We keep running into one another, don't we?
When I'm feeling stuck with my research into regional variants and Totem Pokémon, that's when I come out for a spot of Mantine Surfing! It's the secret to feeling all recharged!
Though it does get my Gogoat that I can't seem to ever beat that kimono-clad cad when it comes to the ranking board...
Anyway! You keep collecting those Totem Stickers, and enjoy your island challenge! I'll be around Heahea Beach on Akala Island if you ever need me!
