So you're the one who caught the Zygarde that appeared in Resolution Cave, Champion!
We were also able to catch a Zygarde!
Impressive!
Two Zygarde?
There's something even more impressive!
Correct! Two Zygarde.
The Zygarde you fought and captured in Resolution Cave is in its 50% Forme. And the Zygarde we found is in what is known as its 10% Forme.
That's right...50% and 10%. Zygarde can use various forms depending on the situation! It's quite a unique Pokémon, don't you agree?
If you're interested, I'll give you the Zygarde we caught. You could combine the two to see what will happen. But only if you can beat me!
I'm up for the challenge!
I'm not ready yet
No problem. Come when you're ready.
Then I'll let my precious partners go wild!
Not only did we find Zygarde, but I also had a chance to battle the Champion! Coming to Alola was definitely a good decision.
Take good care of Zygarde, please!
It seems like your Boxes are full, and you can't take Zygarde. Please come back once you're ready!
It's a pleasure to meet you again, Champion.
Now, allow me to explain the Reassembly Unit!
Sina... You don't waste even a second.
The Reassembly Unit is a device that has something to do with Zygarde. The machine is capable of assembly and separation of Zygarde.
Assembly is...to change the Forme of Zygarde! Now, Dexio, it's your turn.
Oh...Sina, Sina, Sina... Anyway... There are two ways to assemble Zygarde. One is to add Cells you collected to Zygarde.
The other is to create a new Zygarde with only Cells! You see, Zygarde can change its Forme by gathering parts of itself known as Cells!
Next we'll explain about separation.
To separate Zygarde... It means to return Zygarde to its Cells!
Separated Cells will be returned to the Zygarde Cube.
For your information, according to the research by the professor who's sent us to Alola, Zygarde is divided into 100 Cells and Cores.
Depending on the number of Cells and Cores, the shape of Zygarde will be different... In other words, Zygarde changes its Forme!
Oh, I almost forgot! We need to give you the Zygarde Cube, too!
It also has the 40 Zygarde Cells we gathered.
Zygarde is said to maintain the order of the Kalos region...so then why is it in Alola? Does it have something to do with the Ultra Beasts that have appeared?
Who knows...? Maybe Zygarde itself will tell us someday. Anyhow...we'll be taking our leave now! Bon voyage!
