Piii-kachu!
Welcome to Pikachu Valley! That's what the Pikachu are saying, anyway.
Pikachu!
Pika pi!
Pika!
Pi?
Pika pika.
Pi pi pi!




































Try to become a real Pikachu professor! Do you want to try our Pikachu Professor quiz?
Sure I do!
No thanks
Maybe next time, then!
There are five questions in total. Try to get every single one right!
So here we go! Question #1! By what part of a Pikachu's body can you tell whether it's a male or a female?
Ears
Tail
Feet
Eyes
Question #2! What are the particular parts of a Pikachu's cheeks called?
Scent sacs
Foraging sacs
Electric sacs
Soot sacks
Question #3! What do you need to do to evolve a Pikachu into a Raichu?
Make it affectionate
Level it up
Use a Light Ball
Use a Thunder Stone
Question #4! How is a Shiny Pikachu different from more common Pikachu specimens?
Its coloring is darker
Its coloring is lighter
Its coloring is see-through
Its body is all white
Last question! Pikachu can evolve from— That's right! Pichu! But who was the first person to discover the existence of Pichu?
Professor Oak
Professor Elm
Professor Sycamore
Professor Kukui
And that's the end of our quiz!
Time to announce the results! Your total number of correct answers was... <var> out of 5!
You got them all right! That's electrifying! You are a true Pikachu master!
You're a pretty good Pikachu professor! That's a pretty impressive score!
Not bad! You know quite a bit about Pikachu, don't you?
You know a bit about Pikachu, don't you? I think we can expect good things from you!
Oh, there's still so much more for you to learn! I hope you'll keep learning more about Pikachu!
That was terrible...which is kind of amazing in its own way, I have to admit!
Here's a little gift to help you celebrate acing the quiz for the first time!
Come try again sometime!
You're <var>, aren't you? I've been entrusted with a Pokémon for you from a certain person you might know.
Please come back to see me when you've made space in your party or in your Boxes!
Thank you for using our delivery service! Now if you'll excuse me, I'll be off.
Pikachu Valley is a valley where a lot of Pikachu like to gather. Some of the Pikachu from this valley have even gone on to become stars! One of our greatest stars is enjoying a relaxing vacation at Hano Grand Resort right now, I hear.
...Pi.
That Pikachu... She never seems to warm up to anyone. Though I did see her smile beautifully at this one Pikachu wearing a cap once...
Pi...Pikachu!
She looks happy to have met the Pikachu wearing a cap!
Ho ho! Looks like love strikes as hard as a 10,000,000 Volt Thunderbolt! It's electrifying!
Chu pi!
You received a Pikachu Shirt and Pikachu Cap!
Hey, Pikachu professor! We don't have any new questions to pose to you, but do you wanna repeat the quiz anyway?
Welcome to Pikachu Valley! Did you need something?
How many Pikachu are here?
What's Pikachu Valley?
A Mimikyu appeared!
Nothing, thanks
I've seen <var> Pikachu come out so far. Just how many can fit in there, do you think?
The Pikachu simply never stop appearing! Do you think that maybe that trailer could be... connected to an Ultra Wormhole or something?! Ha ha! Surely not, right?
You say that you saw a Mimikyu come out of that trailer? Ha ha ha, no way! I think you're just seeing things!
OK! See you later!
You get this special Pikachu-themed present to celebrate your first visit to Pikachu Valley!
You can now use a special Pikachu frame to decorate your photos!
Decorate photos in your Photo Album with that, and it'll always be Pikachu Valley in your heart!
