Hey there, <var>! Thanks for getting himer for me, Lillie!
Of course. However I can be a help... I am supposed to be your assistant, right?
Rockruff's moves were just so stylin', and I was making good progress with my research. Say, <var>, lemme see your Pokédex for a second, yeah?
So what do you think of the place? Not bad, right?
But that's not why I called you here, eh? Here! It finally arrived!
"It"...?
What's wrong, Lillie? Don't make me do all the talking!
See, there's this Pokémon inside your Pokédex called Rotom...
Really?
Rotom?
Oh, I can tell you about Rotom. It is a peculiar Pokémon, with a body made up of something like electricity. It can take up residence in machines.
Yeah, buddy! And to put that crazy skill of Rotom's to work...
It's the next generation of Pokédexes, but it's only complete once Rotom has gone into this body specially developed for it!
A whole new way for people and Pokémon to communicate. Woo! And there's only a few of these beauties out in the world so far!
And now if I power up your Pokédex with the parts that I just got in...
...Kzzzt?
Hey now! Sorry 'bout that, Rotom. Guess I surprised you?
Zz-zzt...
Rotom! Here, boy! I powered up your favorite 'Dex! Give <var> here a Helping Hand, yeah?
Kzzzt...
Check it out, <var>! Now Rotom can talk right to you! It may take it a little while to get used to its new job, but I'd say Rotom's taken a liking to you!

And this will help how exactly?
<var> hasn't been here in Alola too long yet. So I decided to give himer this special Rotom Dex to help himer navigate around.
Thank you very much
Nice to meet you, Rotom!
You can see where you're headed just by looking at Rotom, and if you give it a little tap, you can even check out the Town Map!
A-lo-la!
The salty breeze sang to me and brought me here to you!
Whoa-ho-ho!
Is that a loft?! That's awesome!
No, it's not! It's private! The professor has been kind enough to let me use it...
If you see a person or a Pokémon who needs help, you just help them... Right, <var>? Hau?
And that's why I'm letting Lillie stay up there in the loft.






