
Look! A salon! And an apparel shop! I'm going to turn myself into a whole new person!
The Alola Photo Club! Take a snapshot with your Pokémon!

No, I'm telling you it's true! All the kids in Alola go traveling around the four islands once they turn 11!
Amazing... I wonder if they get to visit places that only Alola natives know about?
A nice, cold Pokémon here in hot, hot Alola... I can't think of a more pleasing combination!
Petting a fluffy Pokémon is pretty much the best feeling ever. I'm pretty sure I'm not wrong. If you cuddle with your Pokémon using Pokémon Refresh, then they'll try harder for you in battle! You can even help them shake off nasty status conditions like poisoning!
I already went down to the Marina and screamed out over the ocean, "Watch out, world! Someday I'm gonna beat even my old gramps in an all-out serious battle!" So maybe I'll go try to find some more Totem Stickers next. See you around!
<var>. Stand back here and allow me. Old Kahuna Hala will tame this raging Tauros!
Welcome to the scarf! Er...no...I mean, welcome to the apparel shop! And here, have this scarf!
A Pokémon with a Silk Scarf will find its Normal- type moves have more oomph than normal. ♪
In this city, we're proud to live together with Pokémon, and that's why we have so many patches of tall grass right here in the city. Young Ilima and his Smeargle are always working hard to keep the gates around the grass looking tip-top, as well. Captains should be responsible types, after all!
I think I took a wrong turn in life... Is there any map for that?
The more you walk with your Pokémon, the friendlier they grow toward you!
Alola was originally only home to Pokémon. People came along later, and they would've had a rough go of it without those Pokémon's help.
I felt like there was someone hiding behind the wall and laid right into it with a Karate Chop! After all, a Karate Chop makes it easier to deal a real devastating critical hit!
Cor-cor-cooooor!
Ahh, the Battle Buffet! It's the crown jewel of the shopping mall!
A journey is made by those who travel with you. And compassion makes the world go round. Let me share this with you, young trial-goer.
Pokémon you catch in a Heal Ball will have their HP restored to the maximum level. They are also cured of any status conditions they might have.
You can heal your Pokémon of effects like poisoning by treating them with the medicine to be found in Pokémon Refresh!
Mawr!
Guh guh!
Grooohhh!
Machamp is holding a sign that says "Alola Photo Club coming soon!"
Heh heh heh... Here's some advice, Trainer. If you're going to stand up to tough opponents, then be willing to use items on your Pokémon. You can help them get stronger.

Hau'oli Police Station Keep our roads safe! Careful riding Pokémon!
Caution! Wet paint! - Ilima and Smeargle
Alola Photo Club Take a photo! It'll last longer!
I've been itching to go shopping, but the Shopping Mall is closed for renovation!
Ugh, Team Skull... I almost had my Pokémon stolen from me, too, you know? Thank goodness the captain showed up to save me...
Mawr!
