The tall grass is like a treasure trove, full of all kinds of Pokémon just waiting to be found!

My little brother is always coming home covered in mud, just like his Pokémon... The two of 'em are more alike than he and I are!
What mysterious creatures... Pokémon sometimes leap right out of the grass to help people in trouble, did you know?
Just having Pokémon at your side makes you feel all warm inside, doesn't it? Eating dinner together, playing together, enjoying spending time together... It's pure happiness!
When the weather is so fine, I like to just wander around following the wind. Don't you?


Um... I don't really like to see Pokémon battles where Pokémon can get hurt...but I'll watch for you.
Whether you win or lose is all up to the moves you choose to use! Oh yeah!
Please give my grandson a fine battle.





Congratulations on clearing your trial in the Verdant Cavern. Good work. I suppose you are here to battle the kahuna? You think you and <var> are ready for me, <var>?
Are you here to battle the kahuna? <var>! <var>!
Definitely!
Please wait
I have been waiting for this!
I will. But come speak with me as soon as you are ready.





I'll stick around here and wait to see if the kahuna comes back.
The moves a Pokémon uses are filled with their Trainer's desire to win, you know?
So you've also become a Pokémon Trainer now... Haven't you, <var>? A Trainer who fights together with Pokémon...

I'm so excited for this battle that I think I might seriously explode!
Hoo!
Mrar.
Bwark?
Tapu Koko just loves Pokémon battles. Watching them and having them!

If you treat your Pokémon wrong, the guardian deity will strike you down with lightning! But this child just laughs when I say that.
Didja know? When a Rockruff really likes you, it rubs against you with the stones on its neck! But...it does kinda hurt...
Ruff ruff!
Kahuna Hala is the strongest Pokémon Trainer on all of Melemele! There must be some trouble going down somewhere on the island that needs a kahuna's touch, 'cause he said something about how it's "Time for old Hala!" and off he went...
I want to meet the guardian deity! Maybe I should cause some mischief for a Pokémon... 
If you treat your Pokémon wrong, the guardian deity will strike you down with lightning! But the children all laugh when I tell them that.
Hey, you've got a Pokémon! I want one, too! Where'd you get yours?
Ruff ruff!
Welcome to Iki Town, the town watched over by Pokémon!
Don't forget to save! If you want to remember everything that's happened, you must not forget to save!
The kahuna gives us wisdom and guidance and teaches us how to live with our Pokémon.
Kahuna Hala is the strongest Pokémon Trainer on all of Melemele! There must be some trouble going down somewhere on the island that needs a kahuna's touch, 'cause he said something about how it's "Time for old Hala!" and off he went...
What kinds of Pokémon are going to battle? I'm so excited!
Tapu Koko just loves Pokémon battles. Watching them and having them!
Woo-hoo, a festival! I wish every day was a festival!
Wroof!
I ate every last bite of my Alola yakisoba!
Sometimes, I get this feeling...this sense of being watched over by the guardian deity.
Everyone's saying we should fix the bridge, but we don't have any good lumber!
If anyone can have a good battle that makes the Pokémon happy, it's Hau!
There's only one bit of advice I can give you for Hala's grand trial... Give it all you have in both body and spirit!
"Grand trial" sounds so cool! I can't wait till I can go on an island challenge with Rockruff!
Rowruff!
Wow, you defeated Kahuna Hala! Maybe you'll even face Tapu Koko, someday...
The tall grass is like a treasure trove, full of all kinds of Pokémon just waiting to be found!
Just having Pokémon at your side makes you feel all warm inside, doesn't it? Eating dinner together, playing together, enjoying spending time together... It's pure happiness!
Didja know? When a Rockruff really likes you, it rubs against you with the stones on its neck! But...it does kinda hurt...
Ruff ruff!
My little brother is always coming home covered in mud, just like his Pokémon... The two of 'em are more alike than he and I are!
What mysterious creatures... Pokémon sometimes leap right out of the grass to help people in trouble, did you know?
Until the Plank Bridge of Mahalo Trail is fixed, nobody will be able to get to the ruins!

I was just talking to <var> here about all our memories from our island challenge! We really were lucky to meet so many different Pokémon and people, huh? But there're even more out there for us to meet, wherever we might go next! That's why my island challenge isn't really over!
Desiii!
Rawr!
Mariii!
