Look at my Metapod! It's got an Oran Berry!



I'll give you some Oran Berries, too! They're great to have your Pokémon hold!
Metapod looks so cute munching down an Oran Berry in the middle of battle!

You can tell me anytime that you want your team's health restored, and I'll help you. Seeing a Pokémon in pain makes my own heart seem to ache...
Let me take care of poor <var>, OK?
Please try not to push your Pokémon too hard... Um...I mean...if you don't mind...
I'll show you my Grimer's best move! With Poison Gas, it'll poison everyone that comes at us!
Grass-type Pokémon are immune to powder moves, like Poison Powder and Sleep Powder. But you can still poison 'em with Poison Gas!
If my precious Bonsly takes damage in a Pokémon battle, I'll want to use a Potion on it!
You can help your Pokémon win by using items at the right time. They can do more than just healing your Pokémon's HP, too. You can even boost their stats and things like that.
You wanna know why I'm standing here? Because I'm the strongest, that's why! I won't even bother battling you unless you can beat everyone else here!
Looks like you beat everybody else, huh? But don't think you'll beat me the same way! Ekans's Ability is gonna get you!
Intimidate is an Ability that lowers your opponent's Attack stat. If you understand your Pokémon's Abilities, you can use the best strategies in battle.
But fine! Whatever! I can admit it when I'm beat. I'll give you a reward even. Take this Technical Machine!
OK. First thing to know about TMs. Technical Machines teach new techniques. They'll give your Pokémon a new move in a flash. But if your Pokémon can't learn the move in a TM, then too bad. You are up the creek, pal. Second thing to know about TMs. You can use a TM as many times as you want, on as many different Pokémon as you want. They don't wear out or get used up. Pretty nice gift from me, huh?
Oh, that's the school bell.
Attention, all students... Would <var> please come to the office on 2F? <var> to the 2F office, please.
What terrible thing did you do to get called to the office so soon?
Nothing!
Well...
That's what you say...
So you did do something?!



