Before you attempt your trial, you'll probably want to get ready in Paniola one last time! But where do you get ready for Route 4 so you can make it all the way to Paniola Town?
Wait a sec... How do I get to Paniola Town again? Was it by going down Route 4? Or...um...
Here, sweetie. Have a sweet from me. You can give it to your Pokémon.
Pokémon who eat a Rare Candy will be so shocked by its deliciousness that they level up!
You want to know what kind of item you should give your Pokémon to hold? If you're not sure, why not give it a Z-Crystal? As long as it knows a move of the same type as the Z-Crystal, it should be able to use an amazing Z-Move in a pinch that way!
Akala Island has three captains. They each specialize in a different type of Pokémon: Water, Fire, and Grass.
They say the traditional dances of Alola are meant to be an expression of thanks. Maybe the poses you use for Z-Powers are the same and are meant to express something.
Alola! Isn't it funny how Alola is both the name of the region here and how they say hello?
What's this? You have a Rotom Dex! Then you must be having a grand time with Festival Plaza, right? If you haven't given them a try yet, open your X menu with the X Button and give the button that says Festival Plaza a little tap!
Alola is full of blue! Blue skies, blue seas... It's all over!
Sorry, but my Stoutland is a real thorough kind and likes to uncover every last stone! Could you take another route until we have uncovered all of the hidden items here?
Mrrr...mrrr!


Sorry, but my Stoutland is a real thorough kind and likes to uncover every last stone! The two of us are gonna keep on going like this until we uncover every last item between here and the Hano Grand Resort.
Mrrr...mrrr!


Burnet Building
The sun in day, the moon in night... I love each one in turn... ♪ Sunlight at noon and streetlight at night... They kiss my skin and I yearn... ♪
There is one more hotel on Akala Island, sirmiss. I leave it up to your exquisite tastes to judge which of the two offers the most delight. Personally, I think they are both wonderful!
Hmm. So maybe the Pokémon people brought back from Kanto have increased here in Alola?
Many Trainers who traveled in Kanto and Johto long, long ago came together to form this town, now known as Heahea City.
It is my job to take hotel guests' Pokémon out for walks and exercise, sirmiss.
Row! Row!
As a tunnel enthusiast, I absolutely have to pin down the differences between Diglett's Cave in Kanto and Diglett's Tunnel in Alola! And Diglett's Tunnel lies just past that sign!
I'm not just a tunnel enthusiast but a resort enthusiast as well. If you want to visit the Hano Grand Resort, you should continue straight on down this road!
