Feel like royalty when you manage to win at the Battle Royal Dome! Or feel like a true fan when you give the Pokémon Fan Club a whirl!
You can really get a sense for a person's nature from the way they throw their Poké Balls.


Captain Mallow is an amazing cook, too. Especially that Mallow Special... It's like a taste explosion in my mouth!
There are Pokémon that love to eat the so-called "garbage" that humans throw away. Really proves that a thing's value depends on where you stand, doesn't it?
The Battle Royal... It is an imitation we Trainers have devised, based on the battles that the four guardians of our islands like to take part in to decide who is the strongest of them all.
You! If you want to visit the Pokémon Fan Club, then continue on down past those flowers!
The Pokémon Fan Club... I think that's downplaying their dedication a bit. It's really more like a Pokémon Fanatic Club!
When you get your hands on a fishing rod for the first time, you just can't wait to go to the shore and search for Pokémon, can you? It's amazing how one little item can totally change your life.


Champ! ♪
You've got to drive safe and watch out for Pokémon that might leap out at you.
Wow! A Trainer! Are you gonna do a Battle Royal?!
You can see the QR Code for any Pokémon you've caught in your Pokédex, did you know?
Qrrr!
He he he... ♪

Look at that Z-Power Ring glittering on your wrist! Now that is an item to envy, for sure. I can't help but admire anyone wearing one!
I've done...zero squats!
Kraaa!
If Pokémon have the Guts Ability, then their Attack goes up by 50% when they're stuck with a bad status condition. It's, like, sometimes something bad can make you stronger. It's good to be bad, yeah?
You know... Murkrow can have the Ability Super Luck, right? It makes it more likely to land critical hits. You've been playing with little Kaw a whole lot lately, and it hasn't even attacked you once... It must really like you or something, kid!
Welcome to Pokémon Fan Club! If you love Pokémon, you are welcome here!
