???
The best Poké Ball with the ultimate level of performance. With it, you will catch any wild Pokémon without fail.
An ultra-high-performance Poké Ball that provides a higher success rate for catching Pokémon than a Great Ball.
A good, high-performance Poké Ball that provides a higher success rate for catching Pokémon than a standard Poké Ball.
A device for catching wild Pokémon. It's thrown like a ball at a Pokémon, comfortably encapsulating its target.
A special Poké Ball that is used only in the Great Marsh. It is recognizable by the camouflage pattern decorating it.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that is more effective when attempting to catch Water- or Bug-type Pokémon.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well when catching Pokémon that live underwater.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that becomes more effective the lower the level of the wild Pokémon.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on a Pokémon species that has been caught before.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that becomes progressively more effective at catching Pokémon the more turns that are taken in battle.
A particularly comfortable Poké Ball that makes a wild Pokémon quickly grow friendlier after being caught.
A somewhat rare Poké Ball that was made as a commemorative item used to celebrate an event of some sort.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokémon at night or in dark places such as caves.
A remedial Poké Ball that restores the HP of a Pokémon caught with it and eliminates any status conditions.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that has a more successful catch rate if used at the start of a wild encounter.
A quite rare Poké Ball that has been crafted in order to commemorate a special occasion of some sort.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 20 HP to a single Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating poisoning. It can be used to lift the effects of being poisoned from a single Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating burns. It can be used to heal a single Pokémon suffering from a burn.
A spray-type medicine for treating freezing. It can be used to thaw out a single Pokémon that has been frozen solid.
A spray-type medicine to wake the sleeping. It can be used to rouse a single Pokémon from the clutches of sleep.
A spray-type medicine for treating paralysis. It can be used to free a single Pokémon that has been paralyzed.
A medicine that can be used to fully restore the HP of a single Pokémon and heal any status conditions it has.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to completely restore the max HP of a single Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 120 HP to a single Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 60 HP to a single Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine that is broadly effective. It can be used to heal all the status conditions of a single Pokémon.
A medicine that can be used to revive a single Pokémon that has fainted. It also restores half of the Pokémon's max HP.
A medicine that can be used to revive a single Pokémon that has fainted. It also fully restores the Pokémon's max HP.
Water with high mineral content. It can be used to restore 30 HP to a single Pokémon.
A highly carbonated soda drink. It can be used to restore 50 HP to a single Pokémon.
A very sweet and refreshing drink. It can be used to restore 70 HP to a single Pokémon.
A bottle of highly nutritious milk. It can be used to restore 100 HP to a single Pokémon.
A very bitter medicinal powder. It can be used to restore 60 HP to a single Pokémon.
An extremely bitter medicinal root. It can be used to restore 120 HP to a single Pokémon.
A very bitter medicinal powder. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A terribly bitter medicinal herb. It revives a fainted Pokémon and fully restores its max HP.
This medicine can be used to restore 10 PP to a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
This medicine can be used to fully restore the PP of a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
This medicine can be used to restore 10 PP to each of the moves that have been learned by a Pokémon.
This medicine can be used to fully restore the PP of all of the moves that have been learned by a Pokémon.
Lavaridge Town's local specialty. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A 100 percent pure juice made of Berries. It can be used to restore 20 HP to a single Pokémon.
This rare ash can revive all fainted Pokémon in a party. In doing so, it also fully restores their max HP.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the HP base points of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the Attack base points of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the Defense base points of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the Speed base points of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the Sp. Atk base points of a single Pokémon.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will instantly raise the level of a single Pokémon by one.
A medicine that slightly raises the max PP of a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the Sp. Def base points of a single Pokémon.
A medicine that optimally raises the max PP of a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
The Old Chateau's hidden specialty. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
An item that prevents stat reduction among the Trainer's party Pokémon for five turns after it is used in battle.
An item that greatly raises the critical-hit ratio of a Pokémon during a battle. It can be used only once and wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that sharply boosts the Attack stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that sharply boosts the Defense stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that sharply boosts the Speed stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that sharply boosts the accuracy of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that sharply boosts the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that sharply boosts the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
A doll that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
A toy that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
A flute made from blue glass. It awakens sleeping Pokémon.
A flute made from yellow glass. It snaps Pokémon out of confusion.
A flute made from red glass. It snaps Pokémon out of infatuation.
A flute made from black glass. It makes it easier to encounter strong Pokémon in the place you use it.
A flute made from white glass. It makes it easier to encounter weak Pokémon in the place you use it.
Salt that you found inside Shoal Cave.
A seashell that you found inside Shoal Cave.
A small red shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small blue shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small yellow shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small green shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for a while. It lasts longer than Repel.
An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for a while. It lasts longer than Super Repel.
A long and durable rope. Use it to escape instantly from locations like caves or dungeons. It can be used any number of times.
An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for a while.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It burns as red as the evening sun.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. The stone has a fiery orange heart.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has a distinct thunderbolt pattern.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is the blue of a pool of clear water.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has an unmistakable leaf pattern.
A very small and rare mushroom. It's popular with a certain class of collectors.
A very large and rare mushroom. It's popular with a certain class of collectors.
A rather small pearl that has a very nice silvery sheen to it. It can be sold at a low price to shops.
A rather large pearl that has a very nice silvery sheen. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
Lovely red sand that flows between the fingers with a loose, silky feel. It can be sold at a low price to shops.
A small shard of a beautiful gem that gives off a distinctly red sparkle. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A nugget of the purest gold that gives off a lustrous gleam in direct light. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare. Some people are happy to receive one.
A sweet honey collected by Pokémon. It has a lush aroma and can be sold at a low price to shops.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It looks as if it could be part of a plant's root.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears to be a fragment of a claw.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It might be a piece of a seashell.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It could be a shell or carapace.
A piece of amber that still contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokémon. It's clear with a tawny, reddish tint.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks to be from some kind of protective collar.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It appears as though it's part of a head.
A rare bone that is extremely valuable for the study of Pokémon archeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It shines with a dazzling light.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It holds shadows as dark as can be.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It sparkles like a glittering eye.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It's as round as a Pokémon Egg.
A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
A glowing orb to be held by Giratina. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Ghost-type moves when it is held.
Aromatic tea that has a slightly bitter taste. It soothes a dry throat.
- - -
The autograph you got from the Vermilion City Gym Leader, Lt. Surge. He wrote, "Good luck!"
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Water type.
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Electric type.
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Fire type.
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Ice type.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A very light trunk that can carry clothing for you and your Pokémon.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A piece of cloyingly sweet chocolate. It can be used to restore 20 HP to a single Pokémon.
A brightly gleaming orb to be held by Dialga. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Steel-type moves when it is held.
A beautifully glowing orb to be held by Palkia. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Water-type moves when it is held.
Stationery designed to be easy to use when writing someone for the first time. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easier to write about your favorite things. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to allow you to extend an invitation to the recipient. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easy for you to express thanks. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easier to pose a question about something. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to allow you to recommend something to the reader. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easy to respond to a letter you received. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a bridge that seems to pierce the sky. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a bright-red drawbridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a high-tension steel suspension bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a vintage-looking brick bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a majestically arched bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from paralysis on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from sleep on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from poisoning on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from a burn on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from being frozen on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore 10 PP to a depleted move during battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore its own HP by 10 points during battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from confusion on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from any status condition during battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore its own HP by a small amount during battle.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Coolness. Its red flesh is spicy when eaten.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty. Its blue flesh is dry when eaten.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cuteness. Its pink flesh is sweet when eaten.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness. Its green flesh is bitter when eaten.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Toughness. Its yellow flesh is sour when eaten.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its HP base points.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its Attack base points.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its Defense base points.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its Sp. Atk base points.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its Sp. Def base points.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its Speed base points.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cuteness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Toughness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cuteness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty, this Berry is rare in other regions.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fire-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Water-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Electric-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Grass-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ice-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fighting-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Poison-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ground-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Flying-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Psychic-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Bug-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Rock-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ghost-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Dragon-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Dark-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Steel-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one Normal-type attack.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Attack stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Defense stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Speed stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Sp. Atk stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Sp. Def stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its critical-hit ratio will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, one of its stats will sharply increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, being hit by a supereffective attack will restore its HP.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its accuracy will increase just once when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it will be able to move first just once when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a physical attack hits the Pokémon holding it, the attacker will also be hurt.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a special attack hits the Pokémon holding it, the attacker will also be hurt.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It casts a tricky glare that lowers the opposing Pokémon's accuracy.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It will restore any lowered stat in battle. It can be used only once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This stiff, heavy brace helps Pokémon grow strong but cuts Speed in battle.
Turning on this special device will allow all the Pokémon on your team to receive Exp. Points from battles.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This light, sharp claw lets the bearer move first occasionally.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The comforting chime of this bell calms the holder, making it friendly.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder shakes off move-binding effects to move freely. It can be used only once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This curious headband boosts Attack but only allows the use of one move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder successfully inflicts damage, the target may also flinch.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a shiny silver powder that will boost the power of Bug-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles any prize money received if the holding Pokémon joins a battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the head of the party.
A wondrous orb to be held by either Latios or Latias. It raises the power of Psychic- and Dragon-type moves.
An item to be held by Clamperl. This fang gleams a sharp silver and raises the holder's Sp. Atk stat.
An item to be held by Clamperl. This scale shines with a faint pink and raises the holder's Sp. Def stat.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It enables the holder to flee from any wild Pokémon encounter without fail.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. A Pokémon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder may endure a potential KO attack, leaving it with just 1 HP.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's an egg filled with happiness that earns the holder extra Exp. Points in battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a lens for scoping out weak points. It boosts the holder's critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a special metallic film that can boost the power of Steel-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder's HP is slowly but steadily restored throughout every battle.
A very tough and inflexible scale. Dragon-type Pokémon may be holding this item when caught.
An item to be held by Pikachu. It's a puzzling orb that boosts its Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a loose, silky sand that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a durable stone that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a seed imbued with life-force that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a pair of shady-looking glasses that boost the power of Dark-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This belt helps the wearer to focus and boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a powerful magnet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This teardrop-shaped gem boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a long, sharp beak that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This small, poisonous barb boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a heat- repelling piece of ice that boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a sinister, eerie tag that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This spoon is imbued with telekinetic power and boosts Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a combustible fuel that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This hard and sharp fang boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a sumptuous scarf that boosts the power of Normal-type moves.
A transparent device somehow filled with all sorts of data. It was produced by Silph Co.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder restores a little HP every time it inflicts damage on others.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This incense has a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The beguiling aroma of this incense may cause attacks to miss its holder.
An item to be held by Chansey. This pair of lucky boxing gloves will boost Chansey's critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Defense stat.
An item to be held by Cubone or Marowak. It's a hard bone of some sort that boosts the Attack stat.
An item to be held by Farfetch'd. This very long and stiff stalk of leek boosts its critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Cool aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Beauty aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Cute aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Clever aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Tough aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a magnifying lens that slightly boosts the accuracy of moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This headband exudes strength, slightly boosting the power of physical moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This thick pair of glasses slightly boosts the power of special moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a well-worn belt that slightly boosts the power of supereffective moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Protective moves like Light Screen and Reflect will be effective longer.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts the power of moves but at the cost of some HP on each hit.
A single-use item to be held by a Pokémon. It allows the holder to immediately use a move that normally requires a turn to charge.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a bizarre orb that will badly poison the holder during battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a bizarre orb that will afflict the holder with a burn during battle.
An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Speed stat.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder has full HP, it will endure a potential KO attack with 1 HP. The item then disappears.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder moves after its target moves, its accuracy will be boosted.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts moves used consecutively but only until a different move is used.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It lowers Speed and allows Ground-type moves to hit Flying types and holders that are levitating.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is tremendously heavy and makes the holder move slower than usual.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder becomes infatuated, the opposing Pokémon will be, too.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It gradually restores HP to Poison-type Pokémon. It damages any other type.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Hail when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sandstorm when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sunny Day when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Rain Dance when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of multi-turn attacks, such as Bind and Wrap.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This curious scarf boosts Speed but only allows the use of one move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It damages the holder every turn and may latch on to Pokémon that touch the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Attack stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Defense stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Sp. Atk stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Sp. Def stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Speed stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's max HP to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This discarded carapace enables the holder to switch out of battle without fail.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts the amount of HP the holder restores from HP-stealing moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. These curious glasses boost Sp. Atk but only allow the use of one move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Bug-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense makes the holder bloated and slow moving.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This incense has a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles any prize money received if the holding Pokémon joins a battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the head of the party.
A protective item of some sort. It is extremely stiff and heavy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A box packed with a tremendous amount of electric energy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A box packed with a tremendous amount of magma energy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A transparent device overflowing with dubious data. Its producer is unknown.
A cloth imbued with horrifyingly strong spiritual energy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This sharply hooked claw increases the holder's critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder successfully inflicts damage, the target may also flinch.
The target is attacked by a kick launched with muscle-packed power.
Numerous coins are hurled at the target to inflict damage. Money is earned after the battle.
The target is punched with a fiery fist. This may also leave the target with a burn.
The target is punched with an icy fist. This may also leave the target frozen.
The target is punched with an electrified fist. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
The user flies up into the sky and then strikes its target on the next turn.
Sharp spikes are shot at the target in rapid succession. They hit two to five times in a row.
The target is attacked with a powerful beam. The user can't move on the next turn.
The user charges at the target using every bit of its power. The user can't move on the next turn.
The user scatters curious leaves that chase the target. This attack never misses.
In this two-turn attack, the user gathers light, then blasts a bundled beam on the next turn.
In this two-turn attack, the user gathers light and fills a blade with the light's energy, attacking the target on the next turn.
The target becomes trapped within a fierce vortex of fire that rages for four to five turns.
The user launches a weak jolt of electricity that paralyzes the target.
The user burrows into the ground, then attacks on the next turn.
An earsplitting screech harshly lowers the target's Defense stat.
A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from special attacks for five turns.
A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from physical attacks for five turns.
The user creates a protective field that prevents status conditions for five turns.
The user attacks everything around it by causing an explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
The user goes to sleep for two turns. This fully restores the user's HP and heals any status conditions.
Large boulders are hurled at opposing Pokémon to inflict damage. This may also make the opposing Pokémon flinch.
The user attacks and steals the target's held item simultaneously. The user can't steal anything if it already holds an item.
This attack can be used only if the user is asleep. The harsh noise may also make the target flinch.
This move enables the user to protect itself from all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
The user frightens the target with a scary face to harshly lower its Speed stat.
The user attacks with a gust of chilled air. This also lowers opposing Pokémon's Speed stats.
A nutrient-draining attack. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
The user gazes at the target rather charmingly, making it less wary. This harshly lowers the target's Attack stat.
The target is hit with wings of steel. This may also raise the user's Defense stat.
If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.
A five-turn sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except Rock, Ground, and Steel types. It raises the Sp. Def stat of Rock types.
The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves. It lowers the power of Fire-type moves.
The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves. It lowers the power of Water-type moves.
The user summons a hailstorm lasting five turns. It damages all Pokémon except Ice types.
The user traps the target in a violent swirling whirlpool for four to five turns.
The user gets all party Pokémon to attack the target. The more party Pokémon, the greater the number of attacks.
The user shoots a sinister flame at the target to inflict a burn.
This attack move doubles its power if the user is poisoned, burned, or paralyzed.
Star-shaped rays are shot at opposing Pokémon. This attack never misses.
The user assists an ally by boosting the power of that ally's attack.
This attack move's power is doubled if the user has been hurt by the opponent in the same turn.
The user attacks with a swift chop. It can also break barriers, such as Light Screen and Reflect.
If opposing Pokémon know any move also known by the user, they are prevented from using it.
Diving on the first turn, the user floats up and attacks on the next turn.
This attack move varies in power and type depending on the weather.
The user feigns crying to fluster the target, harshly lowering its Sp. Def stat.
Boulders are hurled at the target. This also lowers the target's Speed stat by preventing its movement.
The user traps the target inside a harshly raging sandstorm for four to five turns.
The user forcefully shoots seeds at the target two to five times in a row.
The user launches sharp icicles at the target two to five times in a row.
The user bounces up high, then drops on the target on the second turn. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
The user attacks by hurling a blob of mud at the target. This also lowers the target's Speed stat.
The user hurls hard rocks at the target. Two to five rocks are launched in a row.
If the target's HP is half or less, this attack will hit with double the power.
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
The user stores power, then attacks. If the user moves after the target, this attack's power will be doubled.
If the target has already taken some damage in the same turn, this attack's power is doubled.
The user flings its held item at the target to attack. This move's power and effects depend on the item.
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Attack and Sp. Atk stats with the target.
The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Defense and Sp. Def stats with the target.
The user exchanges Speed stats with the target.
An energy-draining punch. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
The power of this attack move is doubled if the user has been hurt by the target in the same turn.
The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows. Critical hits land more easily.
The user bites with electrified fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it with paralysis.
The user bites with cold-infused fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it frozen.
The user bites with flame-cloaked fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it with a burn.
The user tears at the target with blades formed by psychic power. Critical hits land more easily.
The user creates a bizarre area in which slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
The user creates a bizarre area in which Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def stats are swapped for five turns.
The user creates a bizarre area in which Pokémon's held items lose their effects for five turns.
A slashing attack with a poisonous blade that may also poison the target. Critical hits land more easily.
The user drenches the target in a special poisonous liquid. This move's power is doubled if the target is poisoned.
The user makes a swift attack on the target's legs, which lowers the target's Speed stat.
The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join in the Round to increase the power of the attack.
This relentless attack does massive damage to a target affected by status conditions.
The user nimbly strikes the target. If the user is not holding an item, this attack inflicts massive damage.
The user gets revenge for a fainted ally. If an ally fainted in the previous turn, this move's power is increased.
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
The user strikes everything around it by stomping down on the ground. This lowers the Speed stats of those hit.
The user attacks and captures opposing Pokémon using an electric net. This lowers their Speed stats.
The user cuts its target with sharp shells. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
The user attacks by striking the target with its hard tail. It hits the target two to five times in a row.
The user yells as if it's ranting about something, which lowers the Sp. Atk stats of opposing Pokémon.
The user vanishes somewhere, then strikes the target on the next turn. This move hits even if the target protects itself.
The user steals the target's HP with a kiss. The user's HP is restored by over half of the damage taken by the target.
The user turns the ground to grass for five turns. This restores the HP of Pokémon on the ground a little every turn and powers up Grass-type moves.
This protects Pokémon on the ground from status conditions and halves damage from Dragon-type moves for five turns.
The user electrifies the ground for five turns, powering up Electric-type moves. Pokémon on the ground no longer fall asleep.
This protects Pokémon on the ground from priority moves and powers up Psychic-type moves for five turns.
The user attacks by breathing a special, hot fire. This also lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A bag filled with convenient tools for exploring. It provides access to the Underground in the Sinnoh region.
A sturdy, spacious bag that is used to carry any treasures or loot obtained in the coal mine.
It lists the rules for holding battles. For Link Battles, you may choose which set of rules you wish to use.
A tool that can search out Pokémon that are hiding in the tall grass. Its battery is recharged as you walk.
A card that lists how many Battle Points you have earned.
A notebook that keeps a day-to-day record of your adventure so far.
A case for storing Seals that can be applied to the exteriors of Poké Balls.
A lovely case to store colorful Props for your Pokémon to wear in a musical.
A tiny bag that can hold 10 Seals for decorating Poké Balls.
A convenient notepad that is used to register your friends and friend codes and keep a record of your gameplay.
A large key for operating the doors of the Valley Windworks in the canyon. It was held by a Team Galactic Grunt.
An ancient good-luck charm made of Pokémon bones to be taken to the elder of Celestic Town.
A card key for disengaging the security systems in the Galactic HQ. Losing it can result in punishment, apparently.
A mythical chain that is said to link the Legendary Pokémon that created the Sinnoh region.
A very convenient map that can be viewed anytime. It even shows you your present location in the region.
A device that indicates Trainers who want to battle. Its battery charges while you walk.
A case for holding coins obtained at the Game Corner. It can hold up to 50,000 coins.
An old and beat-up fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
A new, good-quality fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
An awesome, high-tech fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
A watering can shaped like a Psyduck. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
A case for storing Poffins cooked from Berries.
A folding bike that enables a rider to get around much faster than with Running Shoes.
A key to one of the suites at a certain luxury hotel by a lake. For some odd reason, it often disappears.
A letter from Professor Oak. Written in it is a request for you to go to Route 224.
A feather that glows like the moon. It's said to possess the power to dispel nightmares.
A card needed for entering the inn in Canalave City. Oddly, the last date marked on it was 50 years ago.
A flute that puts out echoing sounds that do not seem to be of this world. No one knows who made it.
A ticket required for sailing on the ferry S.S. Aqua. It has a drawing of a ship on its front.
A pass required for entering Pokémon Contests. It has a drawing of an award ribbon on its front.
A stone formed by boulders melting in intensely hot magma, then hardening. Magma remains sealed inside it.
A parcel entrusted into your care. You're supposed to deliver it to your childhood friend who left Twinleaf Town.
A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch— Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch— Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch— Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
The key to Team Galactic's sinister warehouse located at the edge of Veilstone City.
A fantastic medicine dispensed by the pharmacy in Cianwood City. It fully heals a Pokémon of any ailment.
An amazing device that can record a battle between friends or the battles at certain special battle facilities.
A flower sometimes bundled in bouquets to convey gratitude on special occasions, such as birthdays.
A high-tech key that has to be used at a specific location. It emits a special electronic signal to open a door.
A handy box where you can store up to 99 of each kind of Apricorn.
A report of all the discovered kinds of Unown.
Handy containers for cultivating Berries wherever you go.
A high-tech machine that shows the location of invisible items. It's attached to the head when in use.
A card to save points for the Buena's Password show.
A very tasty tail of something. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A very old-fashioned bell that makes a gentle ringing sound.
A card key that opens a shutter in the Radio Tower.
A key that opens a door in the Goldenrod Tunnel.
A bottle used for watering plants in the Berry Pots.
A scale from a red Gyarados. It glows red like a flame.
The Mime Jr. doll that was lost by the Copycat.
A pass required for riding the Magnet Train. It allows you to ride whenever and however much you'd like.
An important part of a machine that was stolen from the Power Plant.
A strange, silvery feather that sparkles.
A mystical rainbow feather that sparkles.
A mysterious Egg obtained from Mr. Pokémon. What is in the Egg is unknown.
A red Apricorn. It assails your nostrils.
A blue Apricorn. It smells a bit like grass.
A yellow Apricorn. It has an invigorating scent.
A green Apricorn. It has a mysterious, aromatic scent.
A pink Apricorn. It has a nice, sweet scent.
A white Apricorn. It doesn't smell like anything.
A black Apricorn. It has a scent beyond one's experience.
A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon that are usually very quick to run away.
A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon that are at a lower level than your own Pokémon.
A Poké Ball that is good for catching Pokémon that you reel in with a rod while out fishing.
A Poké Ball that is better than usual at catching very heavy Pokémon.
A Poké Ball that works best when catching a Pokémon that is of the opposite gender of your Pokémon.
A strange Poké Ball that will make the wild Pokémon caught with it more friendly toward you immediately.
A Poké Ball that will make it easier to catch Pokémon that can evolve using a Moon Stone.
A special Poké Ball that is used during the Bug-Catching Contest.
A special Poké Ball for the Pal Park.
A nice photo album for storing all the photos taken along your adventure.
A music player that allows you to listen to nostalgic songs. It's operated with the flip of a single switch.
A very old-fashioned bell that makes a gentle ringing sound.
Mahogany Town's famous candy. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many victories you have had in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many losses you have had in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon dashed in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon jumped in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Hurdle Dash.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Relay Run.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Pennant Capture.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Block Smash.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Disc Catch.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Snow Throw.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many points your Pokémon scored in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon failed in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon impeded themselves.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon tackled in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon fell down in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Ring Drop.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Lamp Jump.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Circle Push.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many Link Pokéathlon wins you have had.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many Link Pokéathlon losses you have had.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you have won a Pokéathlon event.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you have lost a Pokéathlon event.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you switched Pokémon in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Goal Roll.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon won individual prizes.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you instructed your Pokémon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how much time you spent participating in the Pokéathlon.
A shiny green orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It's known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
A sturdy Capsule that can only be opened with a special key.
A shiny red orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It's known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
A shiny blue orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It's known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
A crystal ball that was excavated from the ground. It's a very beautiful stone that is covered with bits of rock and earth.
A mysterious scale that causes a certain Pokémon to evolve. It shines in rainbow colors.
A mysterious evolutionary lump. When held by a Pokémon that can still evolve, it raises both Defense and Sp. Def.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This very light stone reduces the weight of a Pokémon when held.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder is hit, the attacker will also be damaged upon contact.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder will float in the air until hit. Once the holder is hit, this item will burst.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder is hit by an attack, the attacker is removed from battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Moves that normally have no effect will land on a Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a band that increases the power of binding moves used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Atk if the holder is hit with a Water-type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Attack if the holder is hit with an Electric-type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder is hit by an attack, it will be switched out of battle.
A gem with an essence of fire. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fire-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of water. When held, it strengthens the power of a Water-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of electricity. When held, it strengthens the power of an Electric-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of nature. When held, it strengthens the power of a Grass-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of ice. When held, it strengthens the power of an Ice-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of combat. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fighting-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of poison. When held, it strengthens the power of a Poison-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of land. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ground-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of air. When held, it strengthens the power of a Flying-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of the mind. When held, it strengthens the power of a Psychic-type move one time.
A gem with an insect-like essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Bug-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of rock. When held, it strengthens the power of a Rock-type move one time.
A gem with a spectral essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ghost-type move one time.
A gem with a draconic essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dragon-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of darkness. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dark-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of steel. When held, it strengthens the power of a Steel-type move one time.
A gem with an ordinary essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Normal-type move one time.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the HP base points of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the Attack base points of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the Defense base points of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the Sp. Atk base points of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the Sp. Def base points of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the Speed base points of a single Pokémon.
Though this feather is beautiful, it's just a regular feather and has no effect.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears as though it could be part of its back.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sky. It looks as if it could come from part of its wing.
A special pass to go to Liberty Garden. Board the ship in Castelia City.
A mysterious orb containing the power of the Unova region, to be used when generating Pass Power.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokémon while they're asleep.
A toy that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
A lovely case to store colorful Props for your Pokémon to wear in a musical.
A skull of a Pokémon that was said to have braved the angry waters to fly around the world.
A rare mushroom that gives off a nice fragrance. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
Very large pearls that sparkle in a pretty silver color. They can be sold at a high price to shops.
A shard that fell to the ground when a comet approached. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A copper coin used by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
A silver coin used by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
A gold coin used by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
A fragile vase made by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
A heavy bracelet made by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
A stone figurine made by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
A heavy crown made by an ancient civilization about three thousand years ago.
Castelia City's specialty, soft-serve ice cream. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
It can be used many times to raise the critical-hit ratio of one Pokémon. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
When used, it activates the Ability of an ally Pokémon.
When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to drop a held item.
When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to use its held item.
When used, it restores any stat changes of an ally Pokémon.
It can be used many times to greatly raise a Pokémon's critical-hit ratio. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
Reshiram's body was destroyed and changed into this stone. It is said to be waiting for the emergence of a hero.
Zekrom's body was destroyed and changed into this stone. It is said to be waiting for the emergence of a hero.
The user's body generates an eerie impulse. Exposing the target to it harshly lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
A restrained attack that prevents the target from fainting. The target is left with at least 1 HP.
The user attacks with a blade of air that slices even the sky. This may also make the target flinch.
A high-tech transceiver with a camera function. It allows up to four-way calls.
A rare stone.
An important letter that Wingull delivers.
An important letter that Wingull delivers.
An important letter that Wingull delivers.
A high-tech transceiver with a camera function. It allows up to four-way calls.
A box-shaped machine that stores Medals and Medal information.
A splicer that fuses Kyurem and a certain Pokémon. They are said to have been one in the beginning.
A splicer that separates Kyurem and a certain Pokémon when they have been fused.
A permit that is needed to enter the Nature Preserve. Not many know about it.
An oval charm said to increase the chance of Pokémon Eggs being found at the Nursery.
A shiny charm said to increase the chance of finding a Shiny Pokémon in the wild.
A card key needed to enter the password inside the Plasma Frigate.
A handkerchief dropped by a regular at Café Warehouse. It smells faintly like a Pokémon.
A special device that wrings out the potential of Pokémon. It's an imperfect prototype.
The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a boy.
The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a girl.
A looking glass that reveals the truth. It's a mysterious glass that returns a Pokémon to its original shape.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Attack and Sp. Atk sharply increase if the holder is hit with a move it's weak to.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This offensive vest raises Sp. Def but prevents the use of status moves.
A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It's also used to chat with others.
A letter that Professor Sycamore wrote to your mother. A faint but pleasant perfume seems to cling to the paper.
Attaches roller skates to the bottom of your shoes, allowing you to glide quickly around and perform tricks.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fairy-type moves.
A capsule that allows a Pokémon with two Abilities to switch between these Abilities when it is used.
A soft and sweet treat made of fluffy, puffy, whipped, and whirled cream. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A sachet filled with fragrant perfumes that are just slightly too overwhelming. Yet it's loved by a certain Pokémon.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def if the holder is hit with a Water-type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Attack if the holder is hit with an Ice-type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. These goggles protect the holder from both weather-related damage and powder.
A flute that can play with such a beautiful tone that even sleeping Pokémon find themselves woken up.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gengar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gardevoir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Ampharos hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Venusaur hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Blastoise hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Blaziken hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Medicham hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Houndoom hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Aggron hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Banette hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Tyranitar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Scizor hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Pinsir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Aerodactyl hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Lucario hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Abomasnow hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Kangaskhan hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gyarados hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Absol hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Alakazam hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Heracross hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mawile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Manectric hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Garchomp hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Latias hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Latios hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fairy-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will increase the holder's Defense if it's hit with a physical move.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will increase the holder's Sp. Def if it's hit with a special move.
A watering can shaped like a Lotad. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
The user stabs the target with a sharp horn. This attack never misses.
The user swings its body around violently to inflict damage on everything in its vicinity.
Driven by frustration, the user attacks the target. If the user's previous move has failed, the power of this move doubles.
The user swings its tough tail wildly and attacks opposing Pokémon. This also lowers their Attack stats.
The user tells the target a secret, and the target loses its ability to concentrate. This lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
This pass serves as an ID card for gaining access to the Power Plant that lies along Route 13.
This ring contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
A rather curious stone that might appear valuable to some. It's all in the eye of the beholder.
A perfectly normal stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It's all in the eye of the beholder.
This special coupon allows you to buy items at a discount when you are shopping at a boutique.
A card key that activates the elevator in Lysandre Labs. It is emblazoned with Team Flare's logo.
A commuter pass that allows the holder to ride the TMV between Lumiose City and Kiloude City at any time.
A precious symbol that is awarded only to an individual who has done great things for the Kalos region.
A compact device that automatically collects and records advice when a Trainer is out on an adventure.
An ornament depicting a mysterious Pokémon that has been venerated as a guardian deity for an extremely long time in the Alola region.
A rather chic-looking case for carrying contact lenses.
A rather chic-looking case for carrying lipsticks.
A light and yet incredibly effective trunk, which can contain every last piece of clothing that can be bought.
A popular treat in Lumiose City. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
Shalour City's famous shortbread. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks as if it could be a piece of a large jaw.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks like the impression from a skin sail.
A ticket that was handmade by Looker. It's decorated with a liberal amount of glittery paint.
A folding bike that enables a rider to get around much faster than with Running Shoes.
A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It's also used to chat with others.
A gem with an essence of the fey. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fairy-type move one time.
This charm contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
This glove contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
This folding bike more than doubles your movement speed.
This folding bike allows you to perform actions such as wheelies and bunny hops.
This is a tool for watering Berries you planted to make them grow more quickly.
A case that contains mechanical parts of some sort made by the Devon Corporation.
A sack used to gather and hold volcanic ash.
The key to New Mauville, which was constructed beneath Mauville City.
A set containing a Berry Blender for making Pokéblocks and a Pokéblock Case for storing Pokéblocks.
An extremely important letter to Steven from the president of Devon Corporation.
The ticket required for sailing on a ferry to the Southern Island. Does Norman, the Petalburg Gym Leader, know a secret?!
A device found inside Sea Mauville.
Nifty goggles to protect eyes from desert sandstorms.
A Meteorite originally found at Meteor Falls. You got it at Mt. Chimney.
A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
A key that opens the storage hold inside Sea Mauville.
A special device made by Devon Corporation that signals the presence of any unseen Pokémon.
Ticket required for sailing on a ferry.
Diving on the first turn, the user floats up and attacks on the next turn.
A device made by Devon Corporation that provides oxygen to users during the use of Dive.
A very cool suit to be worn during the Contest Spectacular.
A very cute dress to be worn during the Contest Spectacular.
A suit made with the collective technological know-how of Team Magma. It can withstand any impact.
A suit made with the collective technological know-how of Team Aqua. It can withstand any impact.
Tickets for two to the astronomical show being held at the Mossdeep Space Center.
This cuff contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
This necklace contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
These glasses contain an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
This anchor contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
This stickpin contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
This tiara contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
This anklet contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
A Meteorite that you got at Mt. Chimney. It gives off a faint glow.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Swampert hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Sceptile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Sableye hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Altaria hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gallade hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Audino hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Metagross hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Sharpedo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Slowbro hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Steelix hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Pidgeot hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Glalie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Diancie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
A bottle believed to have been used to seal away the power of a certain Pokémon long, long ago.
This bracelet contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Camerupt hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Lopunny hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Salamence hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Beedrill hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
A Meteorite that you got at Mt. Chimney. It continues to give off a faint glow and is slightly warm to the touch.
A Meteorite that you got at Mt. Chimney. Some sort of pattern has risen to the surface, and it's shining with seven colors of light.
A stone filled with an unexplained power. It makes Pokémon that battle with a Mega Stone Mega Evolve.
One of the fragments of a Meteorite from Granite Cave. It's faintly warm to the touch.
A flute that can be used to summon Latios or Latias no matter where you are.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Normal-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fire-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Water-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Electric-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Grass-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ice-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fighting-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Poison-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ground-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Flying-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Psychic-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Bug-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Rock-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ghost-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Dragon-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Dark-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Steel-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fairy-type moves to Z-Moves.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Pikachu's Volt Tackle to a Z-Move.
A beautiful bottle cap that gives off a silver gleam. Some people are happy to receive one.
A beautiful bottle cap that gives off a golden gleam. Some people are happy to receive one.
A mysterious ring that enables Pokémon to use Z-Power. It requires both the willpower and the physical power of the Trainer wearing it.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Decidueye's Spirit Shackle to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Incineroar's Darkest Lariat to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Primarina's Sparkling Aria to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades the tapu's Nature's Madness to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Marshadow's Spectral Thief to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Alolan Raichu's Thunderbolt to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Snorlax's Giga Impact to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Eevee's Last Resort to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Mew's Psychic to a Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Normal-type moves to Normal-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fire-type moves to Fire-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Water-type moves to Water-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Electric-type moves to Electric-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Grass-type moves to Grass-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ice-type moves to Ice-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fighting-type moves to Fighting-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Poison-type moves to Poison-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ground-type moves to Ground-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Flying-type moves to Flying-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Psychic-type moves to Psychic-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Bug-type moves to Bug-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Rock-type moves to Rock-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ghost-type moves to Ghost-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Dragon-type moves to Dragon-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Dark-type moves to Dark-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Steel-type moves to Steel-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fairy-type moves to Fairy-type Z-Moves.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Pikachu's Volt Tackle to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Decidueye's Spirit Shackle to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Incineroar's Darkest Lariat to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Primarina's Sparkling Aria to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade the tapu's Nature's Madness to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Marshadow's Spectral Thief to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Alolan Raichu's Thunderbolt to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Snorlax's Giga Impact to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Eevee's Last Resort to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Mew's Psychic to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade a Thunderbolt by Pikachu in a cap to an exclusive Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades a Thunderbolt by Pikachu in a cap to a Z-Move.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A bag to carry ingredients gathered during Mallow's trial in the jungle.
A fishing rod made by Captain Lana. Cast a line over piles of underwater rocks to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
The mask that belongs to The Masked Royal. This pro wrestler apparently sews his mask on a machine himself.
A ticket that allows you to host a mission in Festival Plaza.
A stone entrusted by a Pokémon that has been venerated as a guardian deity in the Alola region. There is said to be some secret in how it sparkles.
If held by a Pokémon, it boosts Speed when intimidated.
An item to store Zygarde Cores and Cells. You can also use it to teach Zygarde moves.
- - -
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has an unmistakable snowflake pattern.
By entering certain numbers on this pager, you can summon Ride Pokémon in an instant.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that has a low success rate for catching a Pokémon.
The Alola region's local specialty—fried bread. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A flower nectar obtained at Ula'ula Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
A flower nectar obtained at Melemele Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
A flower nectar obtained from the flowering shrubs on Royal Avenue. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
A flower nectar obtained at Poni Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
It is said that the tones it produces were offered up as an expression of gratitude to the Legendary Pokémon of the sun.
It is said that the tones it produces were offered up as an expression of gratitude to the Legendary Pokémon of the moon.
- - -
A mysterious card. Written on it is a request for you to go to a guest room in an Akala motel on Route 8.
A Berry that makes it easier to catch Pokémon when given to them.
A Berry that makes it drastically easier to catch Pokémon when given to them.
A Berry that calms wild Pokémon you're trying to catch when given to them.
A Berry that calms wild Pokémon you're trying to catch drastically when given to them.
A Berry that makes you more likely to get an item when given to Pokémon you're trying to catch.
A Berry that makes you drastically more likely to get an item when given to Pokémon you're trying to catch.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
The key that unlocks the front door of the Pokémon Gym on Cinnabar Island. It has a red decoration.
The ticket required to board the S.S. Anne. It has a drawing of a ship on it.
A scope that lets you see what cannot usually be seen. It is made by Silph Co.
A parcel to be delivered to Professor Oak from Viridian City's Poké Mart.
A card key that unlocks doors in Silph Co.'s head office in Saffron City.
A set of golden false teeth lost by the Safari Zone's warden. They make his smile sparkle.
A key that operates the elevator in the Team Rocket Hideout. It bears the Team Rocket logo.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the terrain caused by the holder's move or Ability.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. These pads protect the holder from effects caused by making direct contact with the target.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Defense on Electric Terrain. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def on Psychic Terrain. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def on Misty Terrain. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Defense on Grassy Terrain. It can only be used once.
A thin small spring. It's totally stretched out, and what it's used for is unknown.
A small whitish stone picked up at the edge of the road.
A round glass marble. You can see colored glass inside the transparent marble.
A single earring that somebody dropped.
A piece of colored glass. Waves have rounded its edges. It's slightly rough to the touch.
A mysterious gold leaf. No trees with this leaf have been found yet.
A mysterious silver leaf. No trees with this leaf have been found yet.
A ball made of mud. It had been polished for such a long time that the surface is very shiny.
A beautiful white shell that may have drifted from a sea in a warm region.
A letter written on a leaf. Something is written using Pikachu's footprints.
A letter written on a leaf. Something is written using Eevee's footprints.
A small bouquet that was made with heart and soul for a single Trainer.
- - -
- - -
- - -
A glass bottle of perfume that makes rare Pokémon more likely to appear.
A glass bottle of perfume that makes rare Pokémon more likely to appear. It lasts longer than a Lure.
A glass bottle of perfume that makes rare Pokémon more likely to appear. It lasts longer than a Super Lure.
Pewter City's famous crunchy snack. They can be used to heal all status conditions of a single Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Fighting-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Flying-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Poison-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Ground-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Rock-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Bug-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Ghost-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Steel-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Fire-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Water-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Grass-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Electric-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Psychic-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Ice-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Dragon-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Dark-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
A memory disc that contains Fairy-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Solgaleo's Sunsteel Strike to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Lunala's Moongeist Beam to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Necrozma's Photon Geyser to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Mimikyu's Play Rough to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Lycanroc's Stone Edge to a Z-Move.
This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Kommo-o's Clanging Scales to a Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Solgaleo's Sunsteel Strike to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Lunala's Moongeist Beam to an exclusive Z-Move.
It's a crystal that turns Necrozma fused with Solgaleo or Lunala into a new form.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Mimikyu's Play Rough to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Lycanroc's Stone Edge to an exclusive Z-Move.
It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Kommo-o's Clanging Scales to an exclusive Z-Move.
A mysterious ring that enables Pokémon to use Z-Power. It requires both the willpower and the physical power of the Trainer wearing it.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Mina during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Ilima during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Lana during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Kiawe during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Mallow during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Sophocles during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A pressed flower petal you receive from Nanu during Mina's trial. The goal is to collect seven different kinds of petals.
A flower made of the petals you received from captains. It's proof that your growth has been recognized by them.
A novelty badge that you can receive at the Kantonian Gym. Rumor has it that it imitates the Badge of a Gym somewhere.
A machine to fuse Necrozma, which needs light, and Solgaleo.
A machine to fuse Necrozma, which needs light, and Lunala.
A machine to separate Necrozma, which needed light, from Solgaleo.
A machine to separate Necrozma, which needed light, from Lunala.
The Normalium Z you were entrusted with by Ilima. You were asked to place it on the pedestal at the back of Verdant Cavern.
A Poké Ball with a Pokémon that lost its Trainer inside. It seems to be from Ula'ula Island.
One of the Rotom Powers. It helps Eggs hatch faster.
One of the Rotom Powers. It reduces the prices of products at Poké Marts by half.
One of the Rotom Powers. It triples the prize money you receive after battle.
One of the Rotom Powers. It increases the Exp. Points your Pokémon receive after battle a little.
One of the Rotom Powers. It helps Pokémon in your party grow friendly faster.
One of the Rotom Powers. It increases the chance of encountering high-level wild Pokémon a lot for a certain period of time.
One of the Rotom Powers. It prevents you from encountering wild Pokémon for a certain period of time.
One of the Rotom Powers. It fully restores the HP of your battling Pokémon.
One of the Rotom Powers. It fully restores the PP of your battling Pokémon.
One of the Rotom Powers. It raises all stats of your battling Pokémon.
One of the Rotom Powers. It increases the chance to catch Pokémon a lot.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon, it will increase that Pokémon's HP.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon, it will increase that Pokémon's Attack stat.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon, it will increase that Pokémon's Defense stat.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon, it will increase that Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon, it will increase that Pokémon's Sp. Def stat.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon, it will increase that Pokémon's Speed stat.
A big candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 30 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's HP.
A big candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 30 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Attack stat.
A big candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 30 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Defense stat.
A big candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 30 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat.
A big candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 30 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Sp. Def stat.
A big candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 30 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Speed stat.
A huge candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 60 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's HP.
A huge candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 60 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Attack stat.
A huge candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 60 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Defense stat.
A huge candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 60 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat.
A huge candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 60 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Sp. Def stat.
A huge candy that is packed with energy. When given to a Pokémon at Lv. 60 or higher, it will increase that Pokémon's Speed stat.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
A candy that is packed with energy. When given to certain Pokémon, it will increase all their stats at once.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A letter of recommendation that you'll need in order to participate in the Gym Challenge.
A device that allows you to access the Pokémon storage system. There are some places where it won't work.
A stone found in the Galar region with a mysterious power. It's said that your dreams come true if you find one.
A Wishing Star has been affixed to it. It lets out a light that allows Pokémon to Dynamax when at a Power Spot.
- - -
- - -
Use it by the water to fish up various kinds of Pokémon.
This bike can be combined with the Pokémon Rotom to use a turbo boost.
- - -
- - -
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. These sausages should be boiled before eating.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The tinned food that Bob sells is curiously popular in Galar.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The tinned food that Bach sells is curiously popular in Galar.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. When simmered, the beans suffuse a dish with their mild flavor.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. An indispensable tool for mopping up that extra curry left on your plate.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. These flour noodles make for a surprisingly good match with curry.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The chewy texture of the mushrooms transforms any dish they're added to.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. When a Slowpoke's tail falls off, it grows back quickly.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Whether this is the kind of vegetable stalk that Farfetch'd like is unknown.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. An apple chosen above others. It has spectacular form and a brilliant sheen.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The taste boiled off from the bones is sure to give a dish a light umami taste.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Potatoes help mellow out a spicy taste, to make a dish more mild.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Though carelessly picked, these herbs can add a fragrant accent to a dish.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The assortment of vegetables looks quite appealing and healthy.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. It's been a while since it was fried, so it's gotten greasy.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Even just one boiled egg can really enhance a dish.
Everything you need to set up a tent and get cooking in a Wild Area or at a camping spot.
- - -
- - -
It is said that a hero used this sword to halt a terrible disaster in ancient times. But it's grown rusty and worn.
It is said that a hero used this shield to halt a terrible disaster in ancient times. But it's grown rusty and worn.
The fossil of an ancient Pokémon that once soared through the sky. What it looked like is a mystery.
The fossil of an ancient Pokémon that once lived in the sea. What it looked like is a mystery.
The fossil of an ancient Pokémon that once roamed the land. What it looked like is a mystery.
The fossil of an ancient Pokémon that once lived in the sea. What it looked like is a mystery.
A strawberry-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it will spin around happily.
A heart-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it spins around happily.
A berry-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it spins around happily.
A clover-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it spins around happily.
A flower-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it spins around happily.
A star-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it spins around happily.
A ribbon-shaped sweet. When a Milcery holds this, it spins around happily.
A peculiar apple that can make a certain species of Pokémon evolve. It's exceptionally sweet.
A peculiar apple that can make a certain species of Pokémon evolve. It's exceptionally tart.
Raises Sp. Atk when a Pokémon uses a sound-based move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder's stats are lowered, it will be switched out of battle.
These boots prevent the effects of traps set on the battlefield.
Raises Speed sharply when a Pokémon misses with a move because of accuracy.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Lowers Speed when Trick Room takes effect.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This sturdy umbrella protects the holder from the effects of weather.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokémon a very small amount of Exp. Points.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokémon a small amount of Exp. Points.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokémon a moderate amount of Exp. Points.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokémon a large amount of Exp. Points.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will grant a single Pokémon a very large amount of Exp. Points.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will raise the Dynamax Level of a single Pokémon by one. A higher level means higher HP when Dynamaxed.
A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. This sharply raises the user's Attack stat.
The user drops onto the target with its full body weight. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
The target is blasted by a huge volume of water launched under great pressure.
The user attacks everything around it by swamping its surroundings with a giant wave.
The target is struck with an icy-cold beam of energy. This may also leave the target frozen.
A howling blizzard is summoned to strike opposing Pokémon. This may also leave the opposing Pokémon frozen.
A powerful low kick that makes the target fall over. The heavier the target, the greater the move's power.
A strong electric blast crashes down on the target. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target to inflict damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokémon around it.
The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user relaxes and lightens its body to move faster. This sharply raises the Speed stat.
The user takes a deep breath and focuses so that critical hits land more easily.
The user waggles a finger and stimulates its brain into randomly using nearly any move.
The target is attacked with an intense blast of all-consuming fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
The user charges at the target and may make it flinch.
The user temporarily empties its mind to forget its concerns. This sharply raises the user's Sp. Def stat.
The user drains the target's blood. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
The user strikes with a simultaneous three-beam attack. This may also burn, freeze, or paralyze the target.
The user creates a substitute for itself using some of its HP. The substitute serves as the user's decoy.
An all-out attack that becomes more powerful the less HP the user has.
Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. This may also poison the target.
The user lays a trap of spikes at the opposing team's feet. The trap hurts Pokémon that switch into battle.
The user rampages and attacks for two to three turns. The user then becomes confused.
The user materializes an odd psychic wave to attack the target. This attack does physical damage.
The user endures any attack with at least 1 HP. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
Using its tough and impressive horn, the user rams into the target with no letup.
The user switches places with a party Pokémon in waiting and passes along any stat changes.
The user compels the target to keep using the move it encored for three turns.
The target is slammed with a steel-hard tail. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
The user crunches up the target with sharp fangs. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
Two turns after this move is used, a hunk of psychic energy attacks the target.
The user attacks in an uproar for three turns. During that time, no Pokémon can fall asleep.
The user attacks by exhaling hot breath on opposing Pokémon. This may also leave those Pokémon with a burn.
The target is taunted into a rage that allows it to use only attack moves for three turns.
The user catches the target off guard and swaps its held item with its own.
The user attacks the target with great power. However, this also lowers the user's Attack and Defense stats.
The user employs its psychic power to exchange Abilities with the target.
The user launches a kick that lands a critical hit more easily. This may also leave the target with a burn.
The user lets loose a horribly echoing shout with the power to inflict damage.
The user attacks the target at full power. The attack's recoil harshly lowers the user's Sp. Atk stat.
The user absorbs a mystical power from space to raise its Defense and Sp. Def stats.
The user attacks by shooting muddy water at opposing Pokémon. This may also lower their accuracy.
The user hardens its body's surface like iron, sharply raising its Defense stat.
The user slashes the target with huge sharp claws.
The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body, raising both its Attack and Defense stats.
The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
The user handles a sharp leaf like a sword and attacks by cutting its target. Critical hits land more easily.
The user vigorously performs a mystic, powerful dance that raises its Attack and Speed stats.
The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin. The slower the user compared to the target, the greater the move's power.
The user fights the target up close without guarding itself. This also lowers the user's Defense and Sp. Def stats.
The user lays a trap of poison spikes at the feet of the opposing team. The spikes will poison opposing Pokémon that switch into battle.
The user cloaks itself in fire and charges the target. This also damages the user quite a lot. This attack may leave the target with a burn.
The user lets loose a blast of aura power from deep within its body at the target. This attack never misses.
The target is stabbed with a tentacle, arm, or the like steeped in poison. This may also poison the target.
The user releases a horrible aura imbued with dark thoughts. This may also make the target flinch.
The user slams a barrage of hard-shelled seeds down on the target from above.
The user slashes at the target by crossing its scythes or claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
The user generates a damaging sound wave by vibration. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The target is attacked with a shock wave generated by the user's gaping mouth.
The user attacks with a ray of light that sparkles as if it were made of gemstones.
The user heightens its mental focus and unleashes its power. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user tucks in its wings and charges from a low altitude. This also damages the user quite a lot.
The user makes the ground under the target erupt with power. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user stimulates its brain by thinking bad thoughts. This sharply raises the user's Sp. Atk stat.
The user focuses its willpower to its head and attacks the target. This may also make the target flinch.
The user gathers all its light energy and releases it all at once. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user whips up a storm of leaves around the target. The attack's recoil harshly lowers the user's Sp. Atk stat.
The user violently whirls its vines, tentacles, or the like to harshly lash the target.
The user shoots filthy garbage at the target to attack. This may also poison the target.
The user slams the target with its steel-hard head. This may also make the target flinch.
The user stabs the target from below with sharpened stones. Critical hits land more easily.
The user lays a trap of levitating stones around the opposing team. The trap hurts opposing Pokémon that switch into battle.
The user snares the target with grass and trips it. The heavier the target, the greater the move's power.
The user strikes everything around it by swamping the area with a giant sludge wave. This may also poison those hit.
The user slams into the target with its heavy body. The more the user outweighs the target, the greater the move's power.
The user hurls an electric orb at the target. The faster the user is than the target, the greater the move's power.
The user turns the target's power against it. The higher the target's Attack stat, the greater the damage it deals.
The user attacks the target with stored power. The more the user's stats are raised, the greater the move's power.
The user teleports using a strange power and switches places with one of its allies.
The user shoots boiling hot water at its target. This may also leave the target with a burn.
The user is roused, and its Attack and Sp. Atk stats increase.
The user shrouds itself in electricity and smashes into its target. This also damages the user a little.
The user crashes into its target while rotating its body like a drill. Critical hits land more easily.
The user slams its target with its flame-covered body. The more the user outweighs the target, the greater the move's power.
The user attacks by wrapping its opponent in a fierce wind that flies up into the sky. This may also confuse the target.
The user plays rough with the target and attacks it. This may also lower the target's Attack stat.
Opposing Pokémon are drenched in an odd poisonous liquid. This lowers the Attack, Sp. Atk, and Speed stats of a poisoned target.
The user damages opposing Pokémon by emitting a powerful flash.
The user swings both arms and hits the target. The target's stat changes don't affect this attack's damage.
The user fiercely attacks the target using its entire body.
The user attacks the target's throat, and the resultant suffering prevents the target from using moves that emit sound for two turns.
The user attacks the enemy with a pollen puff that explodes. If the target is an ally, it gives the ally a pollen puff that restores its HP instead.
The user bites the target with its psychic capabilities. This can also destroy Light Screen and Reflect.
The user slams into the target using a full-force blast of water. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
The user attacks by slamming its body into the target. The higher the user's Defense, the more damage it can inflict on the target.
The target is slugged by a punch thrown with muscle-packed power.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Sp. Atk will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Attack will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Sp. Atk will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Defense will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Atk will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Atk will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Atk will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Atk will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Sp. Atk will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Sp. Def will grow more easily, but its Speed will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Attack will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Defense will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Sp. Atk will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, its Speed will grow more easily, but its Sp. Def will grow more slowly.
When a Pokémon smells this mint, all of its stats will grow at an equal rate.
Throw one into a Pokémon Den to attract a wild Dynamax Pokémon.
A peculiar teapot that can make a certain species of Pokémon evolve. It may be cracked, but tea poured from it is delicious.
A peculiar teapot that can make a certain species of Pokémon evolve. It may be chipped, but tea poured from it is delicious.
Strange earbuds that allow you to freely control the volume of various sounds.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The syrupy fruits give off a strong tropical feel.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Melted cheese can really give a curry some richness.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. There are over fifty spices contained within this ingredient's hot flavor.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Add some whipped cream to a spicy curry to give it some sweetness.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. Using packaged curry helps make sure there are no slipups when cooking.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. The refined sweetness of this coconut milk makes it quite popular.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. It has a junk-food sort of taste, but it goes well with curry.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. If you're unsure about what to cook, you can't go wrong with some burger.
One of the many ingredients that can be used for cooking at your camp. A mysterious spice. Even a tiny sprinkle is sure to make a curry gigantic.
Toss a number of them into a Pokémon Den for the chance to attract a wild Dynamax Pokémon.
This bike can be combined with the Pokémon Rotom to not only do a turbo boost but also run on the water.
Holding it is said to increase the chance of getting a critical catch. Curiously, the charm doesn't shake much.
- - -
A letter entrusted to you by a girl, to be delivered to a boy. Strangely, it looks old to you.
It's signed by all members of the Galar region's most charismatic band, the Maximizers.
Professor Sonia's published writings. Her new discoveries about the Galar region's legends are recorded in this enjoyable read.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A catalog of devices that Rotom like. Use the catalog to have Rotom hop in and out of the various devices listed within.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
An item that causes <var> to appear from the Watchtower Lair in the Wild Area until the end of the day.
