A simple Berry that's easy to use even for novice cooks. Its spicy hot taste is addictive.
A Berry whose subtle dryness is known for going very well with greasy ingredients.
A Berry that's easy to get and often used for cooking. It's very popular for its refreshing sweetness.
A Berry that's used as a secret ingredient for cooking because its slight bitterness adds a kick to any dish.
A Berry that gives off a sour fragrance when you bite it. Using a lot of them adds a light aftertaste to a dish.
A fun Berry that's full of different flavors. It's easy to eat because it doesn't have a dry taste.
A Berry that's an acquired taste, since it has no sweetness. It adds a distinctive flavor if it's used for cooking.
A Berry with a unique flavor. It doesn't have a dry taste, so it's actually easy to use for cooking. A ripe Persim Berry has a bright color.
A Berry that has a well-balanced flavor, although it lacks sourness. It has a lot of nutrients that are good for Pokémon.
A Berry that can be used for anything because it's not spicy and everyone can eat it.
A Berry with a distinctive shape. It's filled with spicy components.
A Berry with bumps that are full of sour flavor. You can enjoy its texture, too.
A Berry that's easy to eat raw and perfect for a quick treat. The curvier the Berry is, the sweeter it is.
A Berry with a bitter flavor that grows more pronounced near the stem. Slow cooking brings out the depth in its flavor.
A big Berry that's full of sourness and water inside.
A Berry with sweet and spicy flesh. If you keep chewing it, its bitterness will slowly spread in your mouth.
A Berry that can be eaten raw. But if you cook them down, the juices you extract will bring out the flavor of any dish.
A Berry with a spicy skin. But its flesh has a sweet fragrance, which stimulates everyone's appetite.
A Berry with an unusual taste, but many people like it. When its yellow parts are bulging, the Berry is ripe.
A Berry that's good for salad. If you chew it slowly, its sourness and sweetness will spread in your mouth in a perfect harmony.
A Berry that's so spicy that your mouth turns red. You could enjoy a scorchingly hot meal by combining this Berry with spices.
A Berry that is hard and spicy, but heating it up will increase its sweetness. It's perfect for a meal with a strong flavor.
A dry Berry, as you can guess from its appearance. Its soft flesh easily breaks down, melding into liquid to bring out the flavor of a meal.
A pretty-looking yellow Berry. Its sour-sweet flavor and cute appearance are perfect for sweets. Jam made of these Berries is also delicious.
A Berry that many adults eat as a dessert. Its bitter flavor is imbued with a subtle spiciness that lingers in your mouth.
A refreshing Berry with dry and sour flavors. Eating a chilled Yache Berry cools your heated body.
A Berry with a substance that generates heat in its flesh. It's invaluable in cold areas.
A Berry with a brilliant green color on the outside. That part is sour, but inside, the Berry is packed with dry-flavored, black-colored flesh.
A Berry with sweetness-laden pulp. It's delicious as is, but heating it up brings out a pleasant aroma.
A Berry that's hard and bitter. It's blue in color, and chewing it makes your tongue bright blue.
A Berry with a sweet flavor and juicy fragrance. The rounder the Berry swells, the sweeter and juicier it gets.
A Berry with a very spicy flavor. If you're not careful and use a lot of these Berries, you'll have a spicy hot dish.
A Berry that's often used for pickles because of its dry flavor. Boiling them down makes them quite soft.
A Berry that is perfect for making a dessert due to its flowerlike shape and sweetness. It is sometimes dried and used as a good-luck charm.
A Berry with a unique bitter flavor. Boiling down these Berries brings out their sweetness, which makes it easier to eat them.
A spiky Berry. It's sour, as you can imagine from its appearance. It's said to latch on to a Pokémon with its tiny hooks so it can be carried to far-off places.
A Berry that's incredibly hard and spicy. It was used as medicine in the past.
A Berry that has a dry flavor, which is unimaginable from its roundish appearance. It's good for neutralizing the smell of other ingredients.
A slightly rare Berry. When you eat it, its spicy and sweet flavors clash in your mouth.
A slightly rare Berry with unique flavors. Its intense dry and bitter flavors are loved by some and hated by others.
A slightly rare Berry. The flesh underneath its bumpy skin is incredibly sweet and sour.
A slightly rare Berry. It's eye-poppingly spicy and bitter, but it's packed with nutrients.
A slightly rare Berry. Its blue part has a very dry flavor and its green part has a very sour flavor.
A very rare Berry. It's said that holding a Lansat Berry brings joy. It has an intriguing flavor.
A Berry that's considered a myth. It's said to have extremely strong power. Its delicious flavor is otherworldly.
A rare and completely enigmatic Berry. You won't know what it tastes like until you eat it.
A very rare Berry. Its very dry flavor makes other ingredients taste sweet.
A very rare Berry. The flesh underneath its tough skin is sweet and creamy soft.
A very rare Berry. It needs to be handled carefully— otherwise its bitter drupelets will pop.
A very rare Berry. It's so sour that it could make people cry, so you need to use it little by little by dividing it into small pieces.
A Berry that can be used for herbal tea. Its rich sweetness and elegant fragrance make this Berry perfect as an ingredient in a sophisticated dish.
A slightly rare Berry. You'll be hit first by its burning spiciness, then its extreme bitterness.
A slightly rare Berry. Its outside is very bitter, but its inside tastes like a sweet drink.
