The aroma of the Galar masala tickles the nose in this extremely simple, basic curry.
The aroma of the Galar masala brings out the simple spiciness in this extremely basic curry.
The aroma of the Galar masala makes the strong dryness prominent in this basic curry that many can enjoy.
The aroma of the Galar masala is accented by the strong sweetness. A curry that anyone can enjoy.
The aroma of the Galar masala greatly brings out the bitterness in this extremely simple curry.
The aroma of the Galar masala mellows out the acidity in this truly simple curry.
The taste of the boiled sausage really comes out in this curry thanks to the simple seasoning.
The spicy seasoning of the curry roux really brings out the umami of the sausage.
The oil from the sausage softens the dry taste of the curry roux. It's quite easy for anyone to eat.
The sausage's umami and the sweet curry roux come together in a perfect match in this refined dish.
The texture of the sausage and the bitter curry roux make for a good match. This is a curry that adults often enjoy.
The striking acidic taste of the curry roux and the rich umami of the sausage really stimulate the appetite.
The contents of Bob's tin bring with them an unexpected volume and richness that one can really enjoy in this curry.
A meeting of the spicy seasoning and the effective punch of the tinned foods have united to create a miracle.
A happy harmony between the dry flavor and oil. Men and women of any age can enjoy the safe and stable flavor.
It seems like a mismatch, but the combination is both rich and smooth, creating something beyond compare.
Within the rich wave of oil, the bitter notes of the curry roux are faint, but they provide an undeniable presence.
The acidic taste suppresses the peculiar flavor of the ingredients, successfully only drawing out the umami.
A precious curry made using Bach's Food Tin, which are said to have never even left the top shelf.
The strong umami in the tinned foods and the spicy seasoning in the curry roux are spoken of as an incredible combination.
The curry roux's refreshing dry flavor brings out the rich taste of the tinned foods all the more in this curry.
With strong sweetness and profound richness, this is a dish that anyone who considers themselves a curry connoisseur should eat.
The umami is so strong it practically numbs the tongue. The bitter flavoring strongly brings out the taste of the ingredients.
The acidic seasoning of the curry roux coats the tinned foods to create something you could eat again and again, and yet never tire of.
The by-the-book curry roux and the properly boiled beans together create a rather simple taste.
The curry roux's strongly spicy taste and the natural sweetness of the beans create an enjoyable contrast.
A dry tasting curry roux and the light umami of the beans form a simple taste, but it's one you won't get tired of eating.
This curry has a sweet flavor, but this sweetness is mellowed by the simple taste of the added beans to create a flavor with some depth.
The bitterness of the curry roux neutralizes the taste of the beans. Even those who hate beans can enjoy this dish.
The pleasant texture of the beans and the acidic curry roux play off each other in delightful harmony.
Even if you don't like the idea of eating two kinds of carbs, they're quite filling. It's an extremely amateurish meal.
Surprisingly, the haphazard placement of the toast and the spicy curry roux make for a dish with a crunch that just won't quit.
Tear up the toast first, then mix it in with the curry roux to make the bitter flavor more mild and easier to eat.
Put the sweet curry roux on the savory toast like jam, then enjoy a taste that's curiously delicious.
A dish where the flavor of the well-browned and roasted toast makes for a mysterious match with the bitter curry roux.
The fluffy texture of the toast paired with the acidic seasoning of the curry roux gives it a certain profoundness.
A dish where one can enjoy curry with rice and curry with pasta all at the same time. Best to eat it when you're feeling really hungry.
It's recommended that you mix up the dish before eating it to get the most out of the spicy flavor.
Even a dry taste matches well with the pasta. Enjoy both carbs—the rice and the pasta.
It has a great taste despite how it looks. The even, sweet curry goes well with both the rice and the pasta.
The spices, with their strong bitter notes, are rich enough that you really want the pasta as well to help balance them out.
Recommended for when you really want to eat some pasta, too. The strong, acidic curry roux keeps you eating to the last bite.
The umami of the various mushrooms seeps into the sauce, creating a dish that's a step above most others.
The trick to bringing out the umami of the mushrooms is to make the spicy curry roux as striking as you can.
The combined flavors of the various mushrooms helps to make the dry flavor of the curry roux more mild.
The crisp mushrooms, clad in sweet curry roux, make for a pleasant texture.
The inclusion of the mushrooms makes the bitter taste of this one-of-a-kind curry into an even- stronger sensation.
The rich mushrooms and acidic flavor of the curry roux are a complex sensation, but create an umami aftertaste that leaves you wanting more.
A classic dish for any cook. The tail's umami puts the curry roux in a rank above.
The sharp bite of the spicy curry roux helps with the overpowering heaviness of the tail, making it easier to eat.
A happy union between the juicy tail and the dry curry roux. It's a first-rate dish.
The prominent sweet seasoning matches well with the fragrance of the tail. The aroma is a dish all on its own.
The fat dripping from the tail makes the bitter curry roux milder. It's a dish with a profound taste.
The acidity of the curry roux helps to balance the tail's unique flavor. Truly a dish that's quite easy to enjoy.
Its charm is in its overwhelming volume. The basic seasoning does little to dull the flavor of the leek.
The fruit-like sweetness of the savory grilled leek creates an exquisite balance with the spicy curry roux.
The juices of the leek have permeated the curry roux, lending its dry flavor even greater depths.
The leek is the main feature of this curry. The sweetness of the curry roux does little more than bring out the umami of the leek.
The fresh sweetness of the leek makes the curry roux's bitter flavor all the more vivid.
The striking sweetness of the leek amid the strongly acidic bite of the sauce makes this a truly invigorating dish.
A class of curry that is most assuredly sweet. It's not for everyone, but it's quite addictive for those who like it.
The sweet apple and the spicy seasoning of the curry roux create an unexpectedly enjoyable harmony in this dish.
The sweet and sour taste of the apple take the edge off the dry curry roux to make this a dish that's extraordinarily easy for anyone to eat.
The meeting of sweet curry roux and sweet apple. The sweetness strikes the tongue and heart so profoundly, it leaves you feeling almost numb.
From within the bitter seasoning, a faint reverberating sweetness that seeped from the apple remains.
The sourness of the apple accentuates the acidic bite of the curry roux to create a bracing flavor.
The flavors imparted by simmering the bone add depth to the curry roux, yet the flavor remains clean and delicious.
The flavors imparted by simmering the bone really play up the spicy seasoning that's been added to the sauce.
The umami and richness from the bone mix into the dry curry roux to form a highly elegant flavor.
The rich flavor extracted from the bone isn't outshone by the sweet curry roux . The aftertaste is exquisite!
The flavor is so savory and rich, it even obscures the bitter notes in the curry roux. This is the power of using such a top-shelf bone as an ingredient.
The rich and savory flavor extracted from the bone and the acidic tang flavoring the sauce make this a dish with a pleasing aftertaste.
This basic and delicious curry is filled with pieces of soft and flaky potato.
A dish where you can really enjoy the potatoes. You'll never tire of the spiciness, and those who like potatoes won't be able to stop their spoons.
Bite into these potatoes, thickly coated in the dry curry roux. There you'll find a deliciousness that needs no words.
The simple tastiness of the potatoes brings out the sweet seasoning of the curry roux in this wonderful dish.
The bitter seasoning of the curry roux and the simple sweetness of potatoes—truly a superior combination.
The potatoes are purposely left unseasoned. Enjoy mixing them in with the acidic seasoning of the curry roux.
The spice of the root provides this simple curry roux with a delightful accent—and can clear out your sinuses!
The refreshing spice of the root, the deep spicy heat of the curry roux—this is a must try for those that love spicy food.
The flavor of the root makes the somewhat heavy dryness of the curry roux more invigorating. Truly an easy dish for many to enjoy.
The refreshing spiciness and aroma of the root is made all the more enjoyable by the sweet seasoning.
The striking aroma of the root makes for a good pair with the bitter curry roux. A taste that's somewhat more for adults.
The peculiar aroma of the curry is irresistible when paired with the sour curry roux. A curry for those who call themselves curry aficionados.
The many vegetables give the curry roux a mellow sweetness. This is a very healthy dish.
Adding the spicy flavor has drawn out the umami in the vegetables, bringing about a profound taste.
The sweetness and richness of the vegetables softens the dry taste of the curry roux, making this dish actually quite easy for many to eat.
The essence of the vegetables has dissolved into the sweet seasoning of the curry roux, giving it a profound umami.
The distinct, bitter seasonings are accented well by the sweet flavor of the vegetables.
The strong acidic taste of the curry roux and the sweet taste of the vegetables make for a harmonious balance in this dish.
The hearty fried foods and the spicy curry roux make for a good match, though it weighs a bit heavily on the stomach.
The fried foods are covered in a thick crust and soaked in oil. It's enough to overpower even the spicy seasoning.
The fried foods are cloaked in a thick layer of oil. Even the dry seasoning has been dulled.
The combination of the oily fried food with a sweet curry roux is... Well, let's just say it's an acquired taste.
There's so much oil from the fried foods that it erases the bitter taste of the curry roux. A dish with a lot of calories.
The distinct acidity of the seasonings help mitigate the oiliness of the fried foods, allowing you to finish this dish without getting tired of it.
In a word, superb. The spicy curry roux brings out the tastiness of the egg.
The spicy taste of the curry roux helps to bring out the abundant umami in the egg. One of the ultimate curries.
The dry seasoning brings out the sweetness of the egg. It's hard to go wrong with this dish.
The sweet taste of the curry roux truly pairs with the richness of the egg. A dish with the power to move one's emotions.
A popular dish among gourmands. Breaking the egg and eating it with the curry roux changes the bitter taste to a more rich one.
The distinct acidic seasoning pairs quite well with the egg whites. So delicious it'll practically make you howl.
With one bite of the fruits and one sip of the spicy curry roux, you'll swear you felt the breeze of a southern tropical island.
The fruits are sweet and juicy. They give the spicy curry roux a pleasant accent.
The distinct dry seasoning draws out the unique sweetness of the fruits all the more in this curry.
The sweetness of the fruits seeps completely into the curry roux, making it exceedingly sweet.
The vivid sweetness of the fruits and the curry roux's bitter taste make an unexpectedly good match.
The peculiar sweetness of the fruits and the strong, acidic seasoning make this a unique curry, one you'll make a habit of eating.
The melted cheese gives the curry a strong richness. This is a curry that's popular with women.
The richness and sweetness of the cheese make the spicy flavor more mild. This is a curry with a good taste.
Freely cover this dish in cheese. The more there is, the more it brings out the delicious, dry seasoning.
The richness of the cheese strongly brings out the sweet taste of the curry roux. This is a curry that's perfect for anyone with a sweet tooth.
The trick to preparing this dish is to not hold back when adding the cheese. It changes the curry roux's bitter taste to something more profound.
The acidity of the curry roux and the cheese's sweetness create a distinct taste that's hard to stop eating once you've started.
A strongly seasoned, stimulating, spiced dish. Truly a curry for the curry lover.
Over fifty different kinds of spices create a very complex flavor. The spicy heat is quite good.
Thanks to the potent dry seasoning, the richness and aroma of the spices is quite prominent in this curry.
Though this curry has a kick to it, it's still easy to eat. The peculiar flavor of the spices is mitigated by the sweet curry roux.
The profound bitterness together with the kick of the spices creates an engrossing flavor.
The savory aroma of the spices creates a splendid harmony with the distinctly sour-tasting curry roux.
Thanks to the cream, this is a curry with quite a mild taste. A dish that even young kids will easily enjoy.
A strange accent is created from the pairing of the abundantly sweet cream and the spicy seasoning.
The cream's richness gives the dry seasoned curry roux a nuanced umami.
The addition of the cream has made the sweet curry roux even sweeter. It's practically a dessert now.
Mixing in the cream has made the bitter curry roux more mild. An unexpectedly tasty dish.
The acidic flavor is masked in the tasty sweetness of the cream. This curry has a great balance.
An improper curry that casts aside taste in favor of looking cute. It's ideal for taking pictures to share.
Despite it's cute look, the curry roux is overly spicy. This dish's appearance and taste are at complete odds.
The intense dry taste isn't too pleasing, but the cute decorations are truly captivating. This is a curry for a truly niche audience.
The curry's cute appearance and the rich, sweet flavor of the curry roux make this dish very popular with young children.
You wouldn't suspect it from how it looks, but this dish is bitter enough to make water taste sweet by comparison.
In contrast to how it looks, it's got a strange, sour taste. It fills you with a mysterious feeling when you eat it.
The milk's sweetness and richness raise this curry to a stage above most others.
The spicy curry roux and the sweet milk are a perfect match. An unbelievably superb dish.
The fine sweetness of the milk paired with the dry taste of the curry roux changed to create a magnificent umami.
It's certainly a sweet curry. However, the sweetness comes from the milk, so you can eat this curry without it being sickening.
The sweetness and richness of the milk makes the bitter curry roux taste great. The very definition of a witty taste.
A dish quite popular among young folks. The acidic seasoned curry roux pairs excellently with the sweetness of the milk.
When the instant noodles and the curry were combined, they became exactly what you'd expect—junk food.
A taste preferred by young people. The spicy curry roux and the instant noodles create an unexpectedly good match.
When the dry tasting curry roux and the instant noodles intermix, they evolve to create a deliciousness that's a rank above.
The artificial flavor of the instant noodles actually makes for a pretty good pair with the sweet tasting curry roux.
The strong, bitter seasoning helps to transform the taste of the instant noodles into something more genuine.
The powerful acidic taste of the curry roux makes up for the lackluster instant noodles, making this dish pretty tasty.
Breaking up the burger into the curry, mixing it, and eating it that way creates a supereffective taste.
The spicy curry roux and the juicy burger form a combination that'll keep your spoon moving.
Though the burger has a lot of oil, the curry roux's dry flavor keeps the dish light and easy for anyone to eat.
A dish with an acquired taste. The sweet curry roux and burger make for a very strong character.
The burger's oil and the bitter seasoning make a great pair. It's hard to go wrong with this dish.
The acidic curry roux has a kick to it that really brings out the umami of the burger, making a delicious meal.
This curry lives up to its Gigantamax name with its overflowing umami taste.
