Poké Jobs
There is a new job posting!
There are new job postings!
NEW!
Help Wanted
Pokémon Sent
Always Recruiting
Help Wanted
Pokémon Sent
Always Recruiting
Completed



Completed

Summary
Job Description
Pokémon Wanted
Up to <var>

Time
<var>

Exp. Points
Base points to be lowered
Choose a stat to subtract base points from.
Base points to be raised
HP
Attack
Defense
Sp. Atk
Sp. Def
Speed

Please select a job you're interested in.
There are no job requests right now. Please come back tomorrow.
Do you want to take this job offer?
Yes
No
You've already sent Pokémon to help out with this job. Would you like to cancel?
If you cancel, your Pokémon will return without growing at all. Do you still want to cancel?
Your Pokémon came back from the job!
Your Pokémon came back from the job!
Your Pokémon will be sent to the job site. Is that OK?
Your Pokémon will be sent to the job site. Is that OK?
Send Pokémon
Check selection
Cancel
You can still select more Pokémon to send to this job. Do you want to accept the job anyway?
Your Pokémon went to work. It'll do its best!
Your Pokémon went to work. They'll do their best!

The number of job postings have increased now that you have earned more Gym Badges!
<var> has a job for you!
<var> hours left
<var>
Congratulations! The hard work of your Pokémon has really impressed your clients, and so there will be more jobs available to you from now on! Keep up the good work!
Choose a stat to add base points to.
Change selection
Exp. Points
Your Boxes are full! Please make sure you have room to receive your Pokémon.
Choose Pokémon from your Boxes.
You can't send any more Pokémon. Please either cancel a job or wait until one has been completed.
This job has already been completed.
Choose how long you want your Pokémon to help out.









The hard work of your Pokémon has paid off! New job requests have arrived!
You can't accept jobs because there are no Pokémon in your Boxes.
Lv.
Whole day
Half day
Very long
Long
Short
Very short
Just a little
The Pokémon you sent to help has returned!
The Pokémon you sent to help have returned!
Base
+ <var>
Selected Pokémon
Selected Pokémon
 Skip
 Confirm
 Back
Great Job!
Good Job!
Job Completed!
dummy
dummy
dummy
dummy
dummy
dummy
dummy
It seems like your Pokémon did an exceptional job!
It seems like your Pokémon did an exceptional job!
It received lots of Exp. Points for doing a great job!
They received lots of Exp. Points for doing a great job!
It received extra Exp. Points for doing a good job!
They received extra Exp. Points for doing a good job!
It received Exp. Points for helping out!
They received Exp. Points for helping out!
The client seems happier than they've ever been with the help of your Pokémon. Keep up the good work!
The client seems happier than they've ever been with the help of your Pokémon. Keep up the good work!
The client was very happy with the help your Pokémon provided. Keep doing your best to make clients happy!
The Pokémon you sent helped out with the job, but struggled a little. Try sending Pokémon more suited for the job next time!
It seems like <var> has something to give you. As thanks for doing a great job, you received <var> <var>.
It seems like <var> has something to give you. As thanks for doing a good job, you received <var> <var>.
It seems like <var> has something to give you. As thanks for sending help, you received <var> <var>.
+<var>
It seems like <var> has something to give you. As thanks for doing a great job, you received ₽<var>.
It seems like <var> has something to give you. As thanks for doing a good job, you received ₽<var>.
It seems like <var> has something to give you. As thanks for sending help, you received ₽<var>.
The Pokémon you sent out earned <var> base points!
The Pokémon you sent out earned <var> base points!

dummy
dummy
dummy
dummy



What do you want to do with <var>?
Check summary
Back
Safety checks
We need some help doing maintenance, so if we could get Pokémon that are good with high places, that would be great.
Flight escort
I would like Dragon-type Pokémon! These sacred creatures of legend are the most fitting to watch over my air travels!
Dependable security guard
I work in airport security. We'd like to get Pokémon that are skilled in martial arts to come help us out.
Fixing up the city's electrical grid
We need some help setting up power lines. It'd be great if we could get Pokémon that are immune to electricity.
Fixing up the city's lights
We need to do some work on power lines, so if we could get Pokémon that are good at manipulating electricity, that'd be great.
Railcar inspection and maintenance
We would like some help from Pokémon that know a lot about metal. You know, Pokémon that are pretty metallic themselves!
Pokémon strong against physical attacks
They might get zapped a bit by electricity, but we would really like to get some powerful Pokémon that are good with rocky terrain!
Substation servicing
When it comes to inspecting transformer stations, nothing does a better job than Electric-type Pokémon!
Pokémon resistant to chemicals, please...
We are running some experiments involving chemical reactions. We'd like to receive Pokémon that can withstand hazardous chemicals!
Researching mysterious powers
Please let us research the mysterious psychic powers that certain Pokémon can use.
Solving unsolved mysteries
In order to help us solve many inexplicable mysteries, please send us Pokémon that are really haunting.
Horror TV show production
I want to create a horror show the likes of which have never been seen. Please send me Pokémon that are good at being terrifying!
Muscle talk
I want to inform people about the importance of keeping in shape! Could you send me Pokémon with amazing muscles?
Cooking competition show
I'm looking to create a red-hot cooking competition show—one that's on FIRE! Do you have any ideas for Pokémon that'd help?
Construction work, heavy lifting
Construction needs power! Power means muscles! Please send Pokémon with big muscles!
Appearances matter for security guards
There's a dangerous area we need to keep folks out of. I need fierce-looking Pokémon. No need for them to do anything. I just need them around.
Construction survey
I'd like to do a proper survey of the land condition before we begin construction. Are there Pokémon that could help me out?
Normal help is the best help
I want to create dishes that'll be accepted by everyone. I'd like to get input from common, plain, normal Pokémon.
Cold delivery
In order to transport frozen foods in the perfect environment, we need some chilly Pokémon.
Good water makes good food
Clean water is the basis for delicious meals! We'd like to hire Pokémon that have an eye for water quality.
Looking to promote insurance policies
The sole purpose of this job is to demonstrate the dangers of poison—nothing more. Show us your best moves!
A type that can handle danger, please
Transporting money can be dangerous. We'd like to hire Pokémon that have a dark aura about them, to scare away any bad guys.
To protect our investments
We'd like to see Pokémon that look strong enough to deter even the most determined criminals. Please send us Dragon types!
We need help in the air
On and on, over the horizon... We hope that Pokémon that have fallen in love with the sky will come fly with us.
Pokémon that can deliver in any weather
We would like to hire Dragon-type Pokémon capable of flying through even the roughest weather conditions.


We need some solid help for shipping
We'd really appreciate getting solid Pokémon that are really well-grounded to help us lug some big luggage.
Time to do some maintenance
There've been some problems reported about the tracks we use. We'd like Steel-type Pokémon to come have a look for us.
We need Pokémon that can handle cold
We need to get our shipments through blizzards, and the best type of Pokémon to do that is Ice-type Pokémon!
We need some quick cleaning!
Looking for housekeeping services! We need a Pokémon that can quickly clean up any mess like a little house fairy!
Provide the best service at all times!
We need Normal-type Pokémon, since they're good at handling all sorts of different customers.
The delicious secret of our hotel
The secret to cooking is fire! We welcome any Fire-type Pokémon, as they're great at working with flames.
Cute, fantastical Pokémon wanted
We need help cleaning up guest rooms. We would like Pokémon that are cute and pure to come help us out.
Capable customer reception required
We would like to have Normal-type Pokémon for customer reception, as they are able to handle many different situations and tasks.
Cooking temperature is all important
Our cook needs assistants! Please send Fire-type Pokémon that are good at maintaining perfect cooking temperatures!
A show that will chill you to the bone...
We're doing a show about haunted photos. Could we get Pokémon that would make convincing photos of this sort?
A super-exciting show!
We want to make movies that really have a sense of impact—of scale. Could we hire Dragon-type Pokémon to help out?
A good show about cleaning
We're doing a special on sewer systems! Could we get Poison-type Pokémon? They can handle the smell.
To meet our customers' needs!
System engineers need to be able to tell exactly what customers want. Send us Pokémon that can read minds somehow.
Keep an eye on our network!
It's a simple job of just keeping an eye on our various networks. Please send us Pokémon that are good with different signals and wavelengths.
Check with psychic powers!
Debugging can be mind-bending sometimes... Are there Pokémon that could maybe use some mysterious powers to find bugs?
Handling complaints
Complaint management means dealing with the grudges and curses of the customers. Is there a type of Pokémon that loves these?
Help with cooking!
Need cooking assistants. Must be good with fire.
We want sparkly clean floors!
We need help waxing the floors! Accepting any Pokémon that can make the floors here chillingly easy to slip on!
I want more contracts!
I feel like I could get more contracts if I was with Pokémon that look like they've actually seen the afterlife!
Not trying to scare anyone...
I'd like to do my rounds with Dark-type Pokémon to give my offers a bit more...gravitas.
Cute receptionists, please
We'd like cute, delicate Pokémon to man our front desk. It would do wonders to add some cheer to the place!
To provide the best customer care
We are looking for Normal-type Pokémon that can flexibly respond to the needs of all our customers.
We want help solving problems!
We are looking for Psychic-type Pokémon so that they can sense the thoughts and needs of any customer experiencing troubles.
To keep our guests toasty warm
We are looking for Fire-type Pokémon so that customers who are sensitive to the cold can have rooms that are toasty warm.
Mixing together dangerous chemicals
One man's poison is another man's tonic. We would like Poison-type Pokémon to help us prepare prescriptions.
Pokémon immune to poison, please!
We sometimes need to make use of potentially poisonous chemicals. We would like Steel-type Pokémon since they are immune to poison.
Customer acquisition
We'd like to have Pokémon that are cute and charming come over to help attract customers!
Into the shrubbery!
We often have to make deliveries to really grassy areas, so Grass-type Pokémon would be a huge help.
Help wanted finding books
We would really be grateful if Psychic-type Pokémon could come and use its powers to quickly search for the books we have in stock!
Help wanted carrying books
We would like to have really strong Pokémon come help us, since we need to carry heavy books like dictionaries and whatnot.
Spreading spooky knowledge
I want to set up a section on occult books! Do you think you could send me Ghost-type Pokémon to do the advertising?
Recording the cries of bugs
Recordings of the superb cries of Bug-type Pokémon are all the rage now, and we'd like to record yours, too!
We need some music around here
We need help wiring up audio equipment and the like. Pokémon that have a knack for that sort of thing are more than welcome.
Keeping our veggies fresh
Vegetables need to be crisp and well hydrated! We'd love to have some Water-type Pokémon come and help us out.
A speedy delivery!
Food needs to be delivered fresh! We need help from Pokémon that are at home in the sky!
Our specialty dishes
We're awful proud of the grill here at our restaurant. We'd be grateful for Pokémon that can keep the flame going while we grill!
Recruiting customer support
All our customers must be treated equally! We need exemplary Normal-type Pokémon to help us out!
Surprise delivery
We firmly believe that surprise is the spice of life. We'd like to get Pokémon that can bring people's orders with a little dash of horror.
Gotta keep things growing!
The dirt dictates how well plants do. We ask Ground-type Pokémon to come and help us create fertilizer.
Our flowers need help
All plants need water! And as it so happens, Water-type Pokémon are the best at watering plants!
I want my plants to grow
I've got some plants that only grow on rocky terrain. I'd like some rough, Rock-type Pokémon to keep my precious plants company.
Looking for flowers
I want to go to the forest to pick flowers, but it's full of dangers! Could I have some Poison-type Pokémon, since they're good against plants?
To make our food even more delicious
We need Dragon-type Pokémon to help us prepare our food before we cook it. We're not sure why!
You can't cook without it!
Ice is needed for everything in the food industry, whether it's for dishes or drinks. We need the help of Ice-type Pokémon!
To properly season our dishes
Rock salt, as the name implies, can be found within rocks. We need the help of rock-solid Pokémon to get it!
We've started a food delivery service
Food is best eaten hot! We'd like to see some Flying-type Pokémon to help fly our meals directly to our customers.
Good water for our desserts
In order to create delicious, moist desserts, I would like to ask for Water-type Pokémon to help in measuring out the ingredients.
To make delightfully chilled desserts
In order to make delightfully chilled desserts, I would like to have some Ice-type Pokémon come to help out with temperature management.
The basics of cooking
In order to ensure the perfect stove temperature when cooking, I want to have Pokémon that are good at burning things come help.
Add a bit of color and fragrance
It would be marvelous if we could decorate our merchandise shelves with lots of plants. Could we have Grass-type Pokémon come help?
What it means to roast beans
The temperature needs to be just right when roasting coffee beans. Would you be so kind as to send over Fire-type Pokémon?
We want to use the best water
We want to take particular care in what water we use to brew my coffee. I'd like Pokémon that are knowledgeable about such things.
For safe and quick deliveries
Swift and graceful deliveries! We'd like to have Flying-type Pokémon like Pelipper come help us out!
We need help sorting our packages
We're recruiting for help sorting out electronics that need to delivered. We're looking for Pokémon that are good with metal.
I want our ranch to be a good place
Please send Grass-type Pokémon that can keep an eye on the quality of the turf around our ranch!
So that our crops stay healthy
We are welcoming Bug-type Pokémon to help thin out the weeds growing in our farmland!
Need help plowing fields
Any Pokémon that have strong arms are welcome. We need help plowing our fields!
Help wanted on our farm
Nobody can deny that Grass-type Pokémon are the best at handling plants! We would be overjoyed if some could help us out!
Time to harvest!
We're hoping to get some help for harvesting our vegetables. Bug-type Pokémon are always a huge help!
Need help watering wide areas
We are looking to water our plants from the sky. Flying-type Pokémon, please feel free to apply!
So you think you're strong?
A strong body is the greatest tool on any construction site! We're looking for Fighting-type Pokémon!
Making a sound foundation
We need to level the ground where we're planning to do construction. We really need Ground-type Pokémon to help us out!
Falling rocks hurt quite a bit
Falling rocks can be a real hazard where we work. Pokémon that know a lot about rocks, please help!
Nothing too serious
We've had some problems with people falling asleep on the job. We'd like to have intimidating Pokémon around to keep an eye on things.
Foundation for assembling railcars
We are building teams that will assemble our railcars. We're looking for Ground-type Pokémon to help us out.
Assembling our trains
We need Steel-type Pokémon and their skill in using metal and machines to help assemble our railcars.
Testing our railcars
We would appreciate Electric-type Pokémon that could help power the machinery used in assembly of our railcars.
Assembling ships
Ship assembly requires a lot of steel to be cut. We're looking for Steel-type Pokémon to come help us out!
Hull inspectors wanted!
We need Water-type Pokémon to dive beneath the ships and inspect the hulls.
We're building a massive ship!
When building ships, we use electricity to weld large blocks together. We would like Pokémon that could help out with this.
Building a solid car
Solid, steady Ground-type Pokémon provide the ideal foundation to build cars upon! Let's build cars together!
As guidelines for durability
We need superbly durable Steel-type Pokémon to help out with car manufacturing. Let's build cars together!
Show us your motivation
We need Pokémon with burning motivation— a fire in their hearts! We need the heat of your passion!
Poison against poison, just in case
We would like to enlist the help of Poison-type Pokémon, as they are no doubt resistant to toxins.
Experimenting with medicinal herbs
Medicinal herbs are best handled by Pokémon that are familiar with various leaves and roots.
We need some nets!
The only Pokémon capable of creating nets that are both durable and flexible are Bug-type Pokémon! We want you!
Delicious delightful ice cream
I want to make a deliciously chilled ice cream. Please send Ice-type Pokémon!
We need taste testers, please!
I would like Normal-type Pokémon to show off how delicious my sweets are by eating them in a delicious way.
Making sweets is all about the image!
I really want to emphasize how light and fluffy our products are. Please send Fairy-type Pokémon!
Need some help with digging
We need Pokémon that know a lot about the ground, since we're trying to mine the ore here in the Galar region. Please send Ground types!
Removing impurities
We need to remove impurities from various metals. We need Pokémon who can handle flame, so please send Fire-type Pokémon!
Electricity is so useful!
We use electricity to remove impurities from copper, so we would like to hire Electric-type Pokémon!
Get those rocks out of the way!
There are always large rocks kicking around the mining area. We'd like to have Rock-type Pokémon, since they know how to deal with rocks.
Making a fabric that can't be cut
We want to develop cloth that can't be cut, and for that, we need the help of Bug-type Pokémon! Please send them our way!
We need Pokémon to try on our clothes
We want to develop durable cloth that can stand up to even the harshest treatment. We request Dark-type Pokémon to help out with this!
Even in the vacuum of space
We're hoping to create fabric that can be used in space! Please send Flying-type Pokémon!
We need models for our clothing
We're trying to make a line of new, adorable clothing pieces. We would like Fairy-type Pokémon to come help us out.
Making cloth with strong string
We would like Bug-type Pokémon to assist us in producing durable cloth.
Making the perfect cloth
We want to create the perfect normal cloth. We need the help of Normal-type Pokémon to do so!
A fabric that inspires legends
I want to make a cloth that will inspire legends! I need the help of Dragon-type Pokémon to achieve my goal!
Making cute designs
I'm attempting to create clothing that is cute but also a little mystic. I need the help of Fairy-type Pokémon!
Developing sports shoes
We're making sports shoes! We'd like to have Bug-type Pokémon with lots of legs to help us develop them. Thanks!
Developing powerful shoes
We're making wrestling shoes! We'd like to have powerful Fighting-type Pokémon help us develop them. Thanks!
Creating lightweight shoes
We're making running shoes! We'd like to have Electric-type Pokémon that can run at lightning speeds help us out. Thanks!
Just keep running!
We need some Pokémon to try on our shoes. To make sure the shoes can handle rough use, Dark-type Pokémon would be ideal.
Good cloth requires good string
To all Bug-type Pokémon! Please come lend us your strength so that we can create lovely cloth!
We want to make truly magical cloth
To all Fairy-type Pokémon! Please come lend us your strength so that we can create some magical cloth!
To invent psychic cloth
To all Psychic-type Pokémon! Please come lend us your strength so that we can create some absolutely mind-bending cloth!
Help wanted making luxurious cloth
If one wants to make a truly luxurious cloth, one must use only the best silk. Would any Bug-type Pokémon be interested?
Recruiting detail-oriented Pokémon
High-quality cloth requires delicate and precise handwork. Are there any Normal-type Pokémon that would like to try?
That extra mysterious touch
As a final touch, we like to use psychic powers to make the feel of our cloth truly unique. Would any Psychic-type Pokémon be interested?
Delicate, high-quality fabric
We're looking for Bug-type Pokémon! Let's make the most delicate cloth together!
Multi-purpose fabric development
We're looking for Normal-type Pokémon! Together we can make cloth that you can use in any way you like!
We're making lenses for glasses
We use extremely hard rocks for grinding and polishing our lenses. We would like to recruit Rock-type Pokémon.
Our new line of shoes
We are planning to use silk to create a new shoe. We welcome any Bug-type Pokémon.
Showing off the durability!
We want to emphasize how durable our shoes are. We would be very grateful if Fighting-type Pokémon could come help out.
Hardcore Pokémon for a wild product
We've made some really wild, hardcore shoes. We'd like to get Dark-type Pokémon to wear them, since they'll fit the image perfectly!
Making high-quality clothing
Good cloth requires good silk! Please send us Bug-type Pokémon!
Aiming for that punk look!
We want to use poison to dye our cloths in wonderful colors! Please send us your Poison-type Pokémon!
Sailing over the water
This job involves carrying cargo over the water. We're looking for Water-type Pokémon.
Cruising through the icy waters
This job involves carrying cargo over icy seas. We're looking for Ice-type Pokémon.
To see that we get some magical people
We'd like to have some purehearted Fairy-type Pokémon to help us judge the true characters of our workers.
Let's see what kind of person they are...
We would like to hire Dark-type Pokémon. People reveal their true natures when gripped by fear, after all...
To ensure safe operations
We need electricity in order to inspect the monorail! We're waiting for you, Electric-type Pokémon!
Need to wash away all the grime
The monorail's gotten rather dirty, so we'd like Water-type Pokémon to come help make it nice and clean!
Inspection requires strength
We are looking for Fighting-type Pokémon that can use their strength and skill to help with monorail inspection and maintenance!
HP seminar in session!
We've started offering a seminar that'll increase HP base points! We're looking for students to prove its effectiveness!
Attack seminar in session!
We've started offering a seminar that'll increase Attack base points! We're looking for students to prove its effectiveness!
Defense seminar in session!
We've started offering a seminar that'll increase Defense base points! We're looking for students to prove its effectiveness!
Sp. Atk seminar in session!
We've started offering a seminar that'll increase Sp. Atk base points! We're looking for students to prove its effectiveness!
Sp. Def seminar in session!
We've started offering a seminar that'll increase Sp. Def base points! We're looking for students to prove its effectiveness!
Speed seminar in session!
We've started offering a seminar that'll increase Speed base points! We're looking for students to prove its effectiveness!
Preparing for anything!
In order to ensure we are prepared for any kind of case, we are searching for Pokémon resistant to the Fire, Water, Grass, and Electric types.
Preparing for strange things!
In order to prepare for particularly strange cases, we are searching for Pokémon resistant to the Psychic, Flying, and Fairy types.
Preparing for nature!
In order to prepare for cases in natural areas, we are searching for Pokémon resistant to the Grass, Bug, and Fairy types.
Through water and fire
Pokémon that can push through areas that are on fire or dripping water, please come help us!
Emergency refill needed!
There's one thing that we absolutely need to put out fires, and we're looking for a Pokémon that can help us refill our fire truck!
Nothing like a little aroma therapy
Our employees have to go to dangerous places to work, and so we'd like to surround them with some greenery and nice Pokémon for relaxation.
We'll deliver to any location!
We're looking for rugged Pokémon that can handle rain, lightning, and even raging fires!
Our truck needs a wash
Our delivery truck's gotten a bit dirty, so we want to wash it off and make it shine again! We're waiting for Pokémon that can help!
Flower delivery service!
I've come up with a brilliant idea... A flower delivery service! So, please send Pokémon that know a lot about plants and flowers!
Top-secret project
wE ARe searChing for somE HelP. THE wOrk MUst be kepT coMPletEly secreT. We wiLl PAY You HANdsomly.
