Sure you haven't forgotten anything you might need before you set out?
Hop is waiting for you! Better head outside!
Go meet Hop to see what's going on!
Head to Hop's house to catch up to him!
Looks like you're headed to Wedgehurst in order to go meet Leon!
Choose the Pokémon you'd like to have as your first partner!
Time for a Pokémon battle...against Hop!
You'd better tell your mum that you're going to Wedgehurst, don't you think?
Make sure the Wooloo that seems to have entered the Slumbering Weald is safe and sound!
Carry on deeper into the Slumbering Weald!
Go tell your mum that you're setting off to Wedgehurst at last!
Hop is waiting for you on Route 1. Go find him!
Visit the Pokémon Research Lab to get yourself a Pokédex!
Explore Wedgehurst to see what it has to offer a new Trainer like yourself!
Pop into the Pokémon Center to check it out!
You'll need to go to Route 2 if you want to reach the professor's house!
Go to meet the Pokémon Professor herself!
Time for another Pokémon battle against Hop!
You should make your way back to the train station in Wedgehurst!
Find your way through the Wild Area to reach Motostoke next!
Have a look around Motostoke and see what it has to offer!
Make your way to Motostoke Stadium!
Check in to the Budew Drop Inn for the night!
Get your room by checking in at the counter!
Today's the Gym Challenge's opening ceremony! Make your way to Motostoke Stadium at once!
Pass through Route 3 and beyond in order to reach Turffield next!
Go to the hill where Sonia is waiting to speak with you!
Take the next step in your Gym Challenge by heading to Turffield Stadium!
Make your way across Route 5 to reach Hulbury!
Have you seen the sights in Hulbury?
Go to meet Nessa at the lighthouse!
Continue your Gym Challenge by visiting Hulbury Stadium next!
Have a look around Hulbury and see what it has to offer!
You're expected at the seafood restaurant!
Have a look around Hulbury and see what it has to offer!
Find your way through Galar Mine No. 2 to get back to Motostoke!
Find Kabu in Galar Mine No. 2!
Stop in at the Budew Drop Inn for the night!
Challenge the next Gym by heading to Motostoke Stadium!
Head back into the Wild Area to make your way to Hammerlocke next!
Make your way through the Wild Area to reach Hammerlocke!
Meet Chairman Rose at Hammerlocke Stadium!
Head to the vault next! It lies elsewhere in Hammerlocke!
Go meet Raihan at the vault that lies outside Hammerlocke Stadium!
Head for the Hammerlocke vault next!
Head to Stow-on-Side next!
Challenge the next Gym at Stow-on-Side Stadium!
Have a look around Stow-on-Side and see what it has to offer!
Go to see the ancient mural on the cliffside that towers over Stow-on-Side!
Go find out what has happened at the mural!
Find your way through Glimwood Tangle to reach Ballonlea!
Challenge the next Gym at Ballonlea Stadium!
Continue your Gym Challenge by visiting Ballonlea Stadium!
Have a look around Ballonlea and see what it has to offer!
Return to Hammerlocke!
Try to reach Circhester next!
Challenge the next Gym at Circhester Stadium!
Have a look around Circhester and see what it has to offer!
Head to the steak restaurant in Circhester!
Head to the Hero's Bath in Circhester!
Pass through Route 9 to reach Spikemuth!
Find your way into Spikemuth!
Head into Spikemuth!
Challenge the Gym based in Spikemuth!
Have a look around Spikemuth and see what it has to offer!
Pass through the Route 9 Tunnel and make your way back to Hammerlocke!
Make your way to Hammerlocke!
Continue your Gym Challenge by heading to Hammerlocke Stadium!
Defeat the Gym Trainers at the vault!
Challenge the Gym Leader at Hammerlocke Stadium!
Have a look around Hammerlocke and see what it has to offer!
Take the train from Hammerlocke Station!
Make your way to Wyndon!
Check in at Wyndon Stadium!
Check in at Wyndon Stadium!
Head out onto the pitch at Wyndon Stadium if you're ready!
Meet Piers in front of the hotel!
Search for the bad League staff member hiding around Wyndon Monorail Terminal!
Make your way to the top of Rose Tower!
Make your way to Wyndon Stadium!
Check in at the front desk for the Finals!
Head out onto the pitch at Wyndon Stadium if you're ready!
Head out onto the pitch at Wyndon Stadium if you're ready!
Head out onto the pitch at Wyndon Stadium if you're ready!
Head out onto the pitch at Wyndon Stadium if you're ready!
Head out onto the pitch at Wyndon Stadium if you're ready!
Search the Slumbering Weald!
Search for the sword and shield in the heart of the Slumbering Weald!
Claim the sword and shield, and take up arms!
Head to Hammerlocke Stadium in Hammerlocke!
Head for the underground power plant that lies beneath Hammerlocke Stadium!
Head for the underground power plant that lies beneath Hammerlocke Stadium!
Head for the roof of Hammerlocke Stadium!
Make your way to Wyndon Stadium for the final match of the Champion Cup!
Adventure to your heart's content! The Galar region is yours to explore!
Battle Hop in the Slumbering Weald!
Make your way to the heart of the Slumbering Weald once more!
Head to Wedgehurst's Pokémon Research Lab!
Head to Turffield Stadium!
Head outside!
Help save the day at Hulbury Stadium and Motostoke Stadium!
Head to Wedgehurst's Pokémon Research Lab!
Head outside!
Help save the remaining four Gyms!
Make your way to the power plant that lies beneath Hammerlocke Stadium!
Head down to the underground power plant beneath Hammerlocke Stadium!
Battle Sordward!
Battle Shielbert!
Head to the roof of Hammerlocke Stadium!
Face Zacian!
Face Zamazenta!
Go to the Slumbering Weald, where Hop is waiting for you!
Have a battle against Hop!
Adventure to your heart's content! The Galar region is yours to explore!
Head to the Budew Drop Inn in Motostoke!
