

Harsh Sunlight
The harsh sunlight weather condition. It boosts the power of Fire-type moves and lowers the power of Water-type moves.
Rain
The rain weather condition. It boosts the power of Water-type moves and lowers the power of Fire-type moves.
Sandstorm
The sandstorm weather condition. At the end of each turn, it damages all Pokémon that are not Rock, Ground, or Steel types. It boosts the Sp. Def of Rock-type Pokémon.
Hail
The hail weather condition. At the end of each turn, it damages all Pokémon that are not Ice types.
Electric Terrain
For five turns, Pokémon on the ground won't fall asleep. The power of Electric-type moves is boosted.
Grassy Terrain
For five turns, Pokémon on the ground will have a little HP restored at the end of each turn. The power of Grass-type moves is boosted.
Misty Terrain
For five turns, Pokémon on the ground won't get any status conditions. Damage from Dragon-type moves is halved.
Trick Room
Slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
Magic Room
Pokémon can't use their held items for five turns.
Wonder Room
Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def are swapped for five turns.
Critical Hit Boost
The Pokémon is more likely to land critical hits.
Confusion
The Pokémon may hurt itself in its confusion. The effect lasts for one to four turns.
Infatuation
The Pokémon is less likely to unleash an attack on Pokémon of the opposite gender.
Nightmare
The Pokémon will lose HP each turn as long as it is sleeping.
Drowsy
The Pokémon will fall asleep at the end of the turn if it remains on the battlefield.
Encore
Due to Encore, the Pokémon can use only <var> for three turns.
No Ability
The Pokémon's Ability loses its effect.
Torment
The Pokémon can't use the same move twice in a row.
Tailwind
The Speed stats of a Pokémon and its allies are doubled for four turns.
Lucky Chant
The opponent's moves won't result in a critical hit.
Grudge
If the Pokémon faints by an opponent's move, the PP of that move will be reduced to 0.
Heal Block
For five turns, the Pokémon is unable to recover HP through its moves, Ability, or held item.
Identified
The Pokémon will be hit by certain moves that usually wouldn't affect it. If the Pokémon's evasiveness has been boosted, the benefits will be ignored when it is attacked.
Move Disabled
For four turns, the Pokémon will be unable to use <var>.
Can't Escape
The Pokémon can't flee or be switched out.
Lock-On
The next move used by the Pokémon will be sure to hit the target that was locked on to.
Embargo
For five turns, the Pokémon cannot use its held item and no items can be used on it.
Charge
The power of an Electric-type move will be doubled if used in the turn after charging.
Gravity
Moves are more likely to hit for five turns. Ground-type moves will hit Flying-type Pokémon and Pokémon with the Levitate Ability. Moves that require action midair can't be used.
Mist
The Pokémon's stats won't be lowered for five turns.
Safeguard
The Pokémon is protected from status conditions for five turns.
Stealth Rock
Pokémon that switch into battle will take damage.
Stockpile
The Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def stats go up while stockpiling.
Taunt
The Pokémon can only use moves that deal damage.
Telekinesis
For three turns, moves used against the Pokémon will hit without fail, except for one-hit KO moves. Also, Ground-type moves won't hit the Pokémon.
Magnet Rise
Ground-type moves won't hit the Pokémon for five turns.
Toxic Spikes
Pokémon that switch into battle will be poisoned. Flying-type Pokémon or Pokémon with the Levitate Ability will not be affected.
Mud Sport
The power of Electric-type moves will be halved for five turns.
Wish
The Pokémon in this spot will have its HP restored on the turn after Wish was used.
Sticky Web
Pokémon that switch into battle will have their Speed lowered.
Ingrain
The Pokémon regains some HP at the end of each turn. Ingrained Pokémon can't be switched out.
Curse
The Pokémon takes damage at the end of each turn.
Trick-or-Treat
The Pokémon gains the Ghost type.
Light Screen
Damage from special moves is halved for five turns.
Reflect
Damage from physical moves is halved for five turns.
Imprison
If a Pokémon affected by Imprison knows any moves also known by the user of Imprison, it is prevented from using those moves.
Counting Down
All Pokémon in this battle state will faint after three turns.
Spikes
Pokémon that switch into battle will take damage. Flying-type Pokémon or Pokémon with the Levitate Ability will not be affected.
Water Sport
The power of Fire-type moves will be halved for five turns.
Destiny Bond
If the Pokémon is knocked out by an opponent, that opponent will also faint.
Forest's Curse
The Pokémon gains the Grass type.
Leech Seed
Leech Seed steals some of the Pokémon's HP at the end of each turn and gives it to the opponent.
Lock-On
Any move used against a locked-on target will be sure to hit.
Bound
The Pokémon is bound and takes damage every turn.
Bide
The Pokémon endures attacks for two turns, then strikes back to inflict double the damage it has taken.
Outrage
The Pokémon rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
Rampaging
The Pokémon rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
Petal Dance
The Pokémon rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
Badly Poisoned
The Pokémon is badly poisoned. The damage the Pokémon takes from the poison worsens every turn.
Future Attack
The Pokémon will take damage two turns after an attack was foreseen.
Uproar
The Pokémon attacks and causes an uproar for three turns. During this time, no Pokémon can fall asleep.
Aqua Ring
The Pokémon is enveloped in a veil made of water. It regains some HP every turn.
Autotomize
The Pokémon's weight is reduced, and its Speed is sharply increased.
Smack Down
The Pokémon has been knocked out of the sky and has fallen to the ground.
Fairy Lock
No Pokémon can flee the turn after Fairy Lock is used.
Rainbow
The additional effects of moves are more likely to occur.
Swamp
Speed is reduced by 75% in swampy conditions.
Sea of Fire
Pokémon that are not Fire types will take damage every turn.
Extremely Harsh Sunlight
The extremely harsh sunlight weather condition. It boosts the power of Fire-type moves and protects Pokémon from Water-type moves.
Heavy Rain
The heavy rain weather condition. It boosts the power of Water-type moves and protects Pokémon from Fire-type moves.
Strong Winds
The strong winds weather condition. The power of moves that are super effective against Flying-type Pokémon is decreased.
Psychic Terrain
For five turns, Pokémon on the ground won't be hit by priority moves. The power of Psychic-type moves is boosted.
Throat Chop
The Pokémon can't use any sound-based moves for two turns.
Aurora Veil
For five turns, the power of special and physical moves will be halved.
Laser Focus
The next move used will always result in a critical hit.
Tar Shot
The Pokémon has been made weaker to Fire-type moves.
Octolock
The Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def are both lowered with each passing turn.
G-Max Wildfire
Pokémon that are not Fire types will take damage every turn for four turns.
G-Max Volcalith
Pokémon that are not Rock types will take damage every turn for four turns.
G-Max Steelsurge
Pokémon that switch into battle will take damage.
G-Max Vine Lash
Pokémon that are not Grass types will take damage every turn for four turns.
G-Max Cannonade
Pokémon that are not Water types will take damage every turn for four turns.
