Looks like I'm down to one last Pokémon. I've been saving the best for last!
Flood the stadium and make it our ocean! Drednaw, time to Dynamax!
This is a little gift from us... I hope you can take it!
Woohoo! We're not going to be done in that easy! We're tough as weeds!
Come on, then! It's Dynamax time! You're about to be uprooted!
This'll really leave you in shock and awe. It's our Dynamax move!
A Pokémon battle it is, then! I've got two partners with me!
Backed into a corner? You got it all wrong, mate! This'll just make my victory all the better!
Did you already know about type advantages?!
A critical hit?! What kind of beginner's luck is that!
It's not over yet! I've added another trusty ally to my team!
Have you gotten a bit stronger? Me and my team will put you to the test and see!
It'll be a close one! But that's exactly my sort of match!
Well, look at you! Seems you've really learned your type matchups!
You landed a critical hit on my Pokémon?! You've got plenty of spirit—that's for sure!
Wha—? I made such a careless mistake? I'm supposed to be the greatest Trainer ever!
Have a taste of our true power! Our flames are burning bright!
Have a taste of our true power! This wave is gonna crash right over you!
Have a taste of our true power! Our green power just keeps on growing stronger!
Keep up, mate! This is our chance to see if we are up to the Gym Challenge!
Landing a critical hit like that... You're pretty tough when you get serious!
Have a taste of our true power! Our flames are burning bright!
Have a taste of our true power! This wave is gonna crash right over you!
Have a taste of our true power! Our green power just keeps on growing stronger!
Typical! Should've known you'd mastered type matchups!
Wha—? I made such a careless mistake? I'm supposed to be the greatest Trainer ever!
Let's have a taste of what a Gym Badge holder's team can do!
Have a taste of our true power! Our flames are burning bright!
Have a taste of our true power! This wave is gonna crash right over you!
Have a taste of our true power! Our green power just keeps on growing stronger!
Every one of my Pokémon is an ace! This is no problem at all!
Typical! Should've known you'd mastered type matchups!
Landing a critical hit like that... You're pretty tough when you get serious!
I've learned loads from studying Lee's battles!
Light that fire and get your mind moving, Kabu! There still must be a path to victory!
Burn bright, Centiskorch. Let Gigantamax change your size and your form!
Flames always burn upwards, and so we'll always aim to go higher. You understand, don't you?
I'm counting on you, partner!



Think you've got me cornered? Not even close! It'll be the greatest when I steal this win back!
Now that's a proper move!
Steady on, partner! I feel your pain, and we'll get them back for it!

We've faced too much to quit now! We've got no choice but to win!
We'll show you a truly great pink. It's time for my dear Hatterene to Gigantamax!
Tsk! What's with that calm expression... Think you're going to win?
I've got everyone's cheers backin' me! I'm really, really gonna win this time, got it?
My bro might not use it... But I'll Gigantamax my Pokémon if it's to win!
I worked real hard trainin' my favorite move, just so I could use it in a battle against you!
I've gotta win this if I'm gonna be the Champion! I'm comin' at ya with everythin' I've got!
All I'm after is victory, and I'm counting on you to help me grab it!
Have a taste of our true power! Our flames are burning bright!
Have a taste of our true power! This wave is gonna crash right over you!
Have a taste of our true power! Our green power just keeps on growing stronger!
I don't know what I can do to try to win now... but all I can do is try! There's nothing else for it!
Who wouldn't aim for a supereffective hit if they had the chance, right?
Ouch! Even I hurt when you manage to land a critical hit like that one!
How's that? Supereffective damage! I'm always looking for an opening!
It's time to dig in our heels! I'm not giving up, so neither should you!
Argh! Fine then, let's just destroy everything! Your skill is worthy of respect—and Gigantamaxing!
G-Max Chi Strike! I'll use karate along with my Pokémon's move!
My very last Pokémon... How lonely... How frightening...
Gengar... Gigantamax... Swallow everything in darkness...
G-Max Terror... It's like Shadow Tag... You won't get away... I won't let you!
Hmph. I've already seen more than enough to judge you and your team's abilities.
I have to win this for the chairman! Do you really think I'd let you keep me from everything I want?
My partner's move is simply splendid, wouldn't you say?
You... Do you know my nickname?
The magic-user
The wizard
Bzzzt! Too bad.
Ding ding ding! Congratulations, you're correct.
What is my favorite color?
Pink
Purple
That's what I like to see in other people, but it's not what I like for myself.
Yes, a nice, deep purple... Truly grand, don't you think?
All righty then... How old am I?
16 years old
88 years old
Hah! I like your answer!
Well, you're not wrong. But you could've been a little more sensitive.
My morning tea is finally kicking in, and not a moment too soon!
Are you prepared? I'm going to have some fun with this.
You lack pink! Here, let us give you some.
All right! Time for me to test exactly how far I can go with my latest and greatest team!
Have a taste of our true power! Our flames are burning bright!
Have a taste of our true power! This wave is gonna crash right over you!
Have a taste of our true power! Our green power just keeps on growing stronger!
I'm the kind of guy who gets fired up to win in these situations!
The way you battle... You know, it kind of reminds me of Lee!
Considered the possibility your opponent might land a critical hit on your Pokémon, mate?
How'd you like that attack?! Now I really feel like we're getting somewhere!
Not yet! I'm not crumbling to dust just yet. We can still battle!
Like a giant mountain boulder! Hiyah! Gigantamax!
Size means strength! Savor this pain!
Even if it cracks, ice is still ice! I'll show you what I mean!
Come now—go on and Gigantamax. I'll let you freeze everything solid.
My partner's signature move invites you to a subzero world!
I've powered up a whole lot! I'm gonna beat you lot into the ground, got it?
As expected of my rival! You really know how to get me riled up!
Here's a special move that I've been savin' for just such an occasion!
Spikemuth initiation! Beatin' down the challenger!
Everyone, cheer on my Pokémon! Let's do it, Scrafty! Intimidate the opponent!
Malamar's gonna mess you all up with its Contrary Ability!
Everyone's gonna stink, but who cares! Go, Skuntank! Use your Sucker Punch and Toxic!
Time to meet another member of my crew! Face the proud, high roar of my Obstagoon!
I don't do encores, get it? Not songs... Not moves... Not Pokémon!
Here's a number I had saved just for this! You lot in the stands better cheer me on!

It might be impossible to pull off a combo going solo, but it's not impossible for me to still win!
Bring the storm! My partner will send everyone in the stadium flying!
Let's do it... Time for our G-Max Depletion! The dragon's roar will cut right through you!
Let the winds blow! Stream forward, Sandstorm!
The winds rise again! Stream forward, Sandstorm!
Ho? Not bad—changing the weather to Hail like that!
Pulling out a Sunny Day! Hah! That's not a bad countermeasure!
I'll feel awful if I lose... But there's no way I'm gonna!
It'd be no fun if things ended just yet... That's why we aren't givin' up!
Hmm, I think this move expresses my feelin's. What do you think?
We battled back in the garden, but I'm really really fired up for this match in the stadium!
Think you got me backed into a corner? No way! This'll just make my victory all the better!
Release all the thoughts poured into my Wishing Star... Time for a Dynamax!
Have a taste of our true power! A burning crimson! Max Flare!
Have a taste of our true power! An overflowing azure! Max Geyser!
Have a taste of our true power! A verdant emerald! Max Overgrowth!
I knew you'd be aiming for a supereffective hit!
How's that? I learned a lot by studying Lee's old matches!
All right, a crit! Now we're really getting up to our full speed!
Steady on! Sure you're not getting nervous with all the people watching?
My, how cheeky. To do such a thing as to hurt my partner!
This is my last Pokémon? Seriously?! Oleana's gotta finish this!
Here is a move I was good with even before I changed my image.
I think I'll treat you to something truly spectacular. A Gigantamax at Rose Tower.
I'm just giving your Pokémon a little chance to shine. That's all.
Oh dear, what have I been doing? Well, whatever. Let's just get this over with.
This is a good time to test out a move I've been interested in lately.
I learned this move from that old gran! I plan on making it my own!
It's time to dig in our heels! I'm not giving up, so neither should you!
Argh! Fine then, let's just destroy everything! It's time for an honorable Gigantamax!
G-Max Chi Strike! I'll use karate along with my Pokémon's move!
You might have one win on me, but this is where I show you what I can really do when I'm serious!
My very last Pokémon... How lonely... How frightening...
Gengar... Gigantamax... Swallow everything in darkness...
G-Max Terror... It's like Shadow Tag... You won't get away... I won't let you!
Everyone's looking... I want to hide...but I'll fight!
Looks like I'm down to one last Pokémon. I've been saving the best for last!
Flood the stadium and make it our ocean! Drednaw, time to Gigantamax!
This is a little gift from us... I hope you can take it!
Sonia might be disappointed, but I'm going to wash your team away!
That's Drought! It gets the sunlight burning real harsh!
Bring the storm! My partner will send everyone in the stadium flying!
You do realize I'm the great Raihan, right? I'll be the one to beat Leon. So first I'll beat you!
Let's do it... The dragon roars! Time for my ultimate attack—G-Max Depletion!
Let the winds blow! Stream forward, Sandstorm!
Here comes the rain! Feel its cold dampness soak into your body!
Ho? Not bad—changing the weather to Hail like that!
Here you go! Have a taste of Sunny Day! Have you got a plan to counter it?


You're pretty tough... Yes, entirely too tough. Don't you think that's unfair?
Oh, oh? Down to my last Pokémon... Hmm, this isn't looking too good...
All right, then... Hopefully, this move will turn things around for me.
I'll show you a move that'll hit so hard, you'll be speechless!
It's one of the duties of the Champion to get the crowd fired up!
It's a champion time to turn up the heat! Charizard, time for our G-Max Wildfire!
I'm not finished having a champion time here! And I won't let anyone else finish it for me!
A supereffective hit... I'd expect nothing less from your team!
Aiming for supereffective hits is a surefire way to claim victory!
A critical hit... Hah! Pretty good, Challenger!
Don't get caught up on a critical hit. Focus on what you're going to do next!
I'll show you what Charizard can really do! It's Gigantamax time!
Hey, looks like we can use our moves now! Thanks to Zacian and Zamazenta, that is!
This is it! Hurry, <var>! Try to catch Eternatus NOW!
Do you know about Fairy type's weaknesses?
Poison type
Steel type
That's right! One of the Fairy type's weaknesses is the Poison type.
That's right! One of the Fairy type's weaknesses is the Steel type.
What was the previous Trainer's name?
Annetta
Annette
Oh dear... The previous Trainer's name was Annette.
Correct! The previous Trainer's name was Annette.
What do I eat for breakfast every morning?
Curry
Omelets
Oh my... I actually prefer omelets. But you had no way of knowing that, I suppose.
Correct! I prefer cheese omelets...
Question!
























Wha—?! The move had no effect on it?!
<var>! I can't see anything! You OK?!
I can't see anything!
Uwaaaaaah!
The mysterious Pokémon's gaze is fixed on you...
The mysterious Pokémon's gaze is fixed on you...
This is the way a real Champion catches Pokémon!
Out you go, Rookidee!
You encountered a wild Wooloo!
Gotcha! Wooloo was caught!
Wow... It's huge! Let's take it on together, <var>!
What? I can't use any moves!
I forgot! We found the sword and shield in the Slumbering Weald!
<var>, use that sword! It might be old and rusted, but there's got to be some use to it!
<var>, use that shield! It might be old and rusted, but there's got to be some use to it!
I got it!
Leave it to me!
Hmph! That's enough faffing about. I suppose it's time to get serious.
Tch. No more warm ups. It's time to beat you hollow!
I understand you want to get it over with and lose, but why don't we enjoy this a little longer!
I know you're in a hurry to lose, but we should enjoy this for a while longer!
Let's do it, <var>! Don't hold anything back!
My goal was always to surpass Lee, but he's not the Champion anymore.
I'm not sure what my goal is now.


You and Sonia followed your own paths...
I was the only one left behind and trying to catch up!

But then I went around saving Pokémon alongside you and Piers...
And I realized that I could help other people!


Blast! You really got me with that one. But battling you sure is fun, <var>!

I want to see which of us comes out the victor, and yet I also don't ever want this battle to end...
That's the kind of strange feeling I'm having! You feel it, too, don't you, <var>?



Yeah!
Not really...
I knew you must! It's kind of embarrassing, but I'm glad it's not just me!
What? It's embarrassing if I'm the only one who's so into this!
Right then! Laugh or cry all you want, but this is it! This is the end!

My days as a Gym Leader have made me stronger than you.
You just might be the strongest Champion in Galarian history.
That's right!
I've still got a ways to go!
I'll carve my name into Galar's history, too. By defeating you!
I'll make sure to draw out every last bit of strength from you...and then triumph!
Hmph. Looks like you've grown a bit. Only a little bit, though!
Excellent! Not everyone can corner my team like this!
It's not every day I get to battle you, so I suppose I may as well try out this move.
My cheers will really get you goin'!
Thanks!
Thanks for the help!
Feel that flow! Yeah! You feelin' it, <var>?
Yeah!
Let's go!
Yeah! Have some of my support! I know you can keep the beat goin'!
You're the best, Marnie!
Dance, Pokémon!
Zacian has an intense look in its eyes.
Zamazenta has an intense look in its eyes.
Remember, it's just a test—so take it easy! I'll be nice and gentle...as I knock you out flat!
How am I the one getting backed into a corner? This should NOT be a thing!
Hah! That's right! Let my poison drive you Kla-razy!
Oopsie! Guess my move was super effective. Get ready, 'cause there's more where that came from!
Look, the first damage you took on the Isle of Armor! Consider it a little gift from me!
Heh. I'll show you what true power looks like.
Wh-when did I get beat down to my last Pokémon?! Did you use Hypnosis on me?
Prepare to experience psychic powers that defy human comprehension!
That's the power of type matchups. Truly, this shall be an elegant battle!
Heh. I've dealt the first damage you've taken on this island.
Yippee! Oh, I just can't wait to see you battle your heart out!
Ohoho! Looks like my little old self's been cornered. I'm getting the shivers!
Oof, super-duper effective! Uh-oh, I smell danger!
Yeeek! When luck favors you like that, it's a sure sign you're a good Trainer!
Let's set the record straight right here. I'll show you once and for all that I'm the better Trainer!
Am I really gonna lose again? Is there just... something wrong with me?
Go on! Get 'em! Knock 'em flat! And give 'em a little venom for good measure!
Oh fine, hit us with our weakness! What're you, a supereffective move machine?!
Hmph! Enjoy your dumb luck while it lasts, 'cause it ain't gonna happen again!
Oooh look at that! My attack worked just great. Now get ready for another dose!
I think it's about time we found out...which of us is truly superior!
I am not weak! I cannot lose!
I'll have you dancing in the palm of my hand! This is my most powerful, elegant Psychic move!
H-how cheeky. Let's agree that move is banned from now on, yes?
The fates have truly abandoned me. I am but a poor little lost Wooloo.
Before my psychic powers, all your weaknesses are laid bare!
I'm not holding a single thing back anymore. Time to settle this—fair and square!
Oh, and maybe watch your step... Looks like some Toxic Spikes somehow got on the Battle Court!
There's no way I'm losing! I ain't letting go till the bitter end!
Watch out, audience! One dose of Klara poison and there's no turning back!
They say the dose makes the poison, so have seconds! Here's a full-course feast of venom!
Sorry, my dear Pokémon! I should've given better directions. But hang in there! You've got this!
Hmph! Well, look who's just a type-matchup master. Ain't that nice for you!
Ah-HA! That's right! Let my poison drive you Kla-razy!
Heh. Let us have an elegant battle worthy of being called a finale.
Prepare to sink into despair...and into the weird battlefield beneath your feet!
We shall awaken our true psychic power here and now!
With a one, two, three...this Poké Ball will grow gigantic!
My unbelievable psychic powers will utterly humiliate you!
Ah! Are you all right, my elegant Pokémon?
The move had no effect?! Such an injustice. I'm so steamed, my glasses are fogging up!
Heh, a supereffective hit! That was an elegant move choice on my part, wouldn't you agree?
I'll need to get serious if I am to take you on!
Hone your senses now...and let this battle sharpen you! Show me how you can grow!
Watch closely, <var>! This is what Kubfu's fists are truly capable of!
Oho! Stings to let a critical hit slip on through, doesn't it?
It's been a while since I faced such a strong opponent... My blood's boiling over!
Time to see exactly what all this training has made of you!
My skills are only getting sharper! Try not to get captivated by my might!
Now, become the gigantic fist that breaks your opponent—as one would smash through a board!
Let's see if you can withstand this move! Show me what you're made of!
Aha! I see you've got your fundamentals down pat. But that alone won't cut it!
Brought luck over to your side, have you? That makes you all the more enticing an opponent!
Let that be a reminder—a single slip could cost you everything!
Fuhaha! Seems like victory smiles on me today!
All right now, <var>. Let's have some fun...and I'll try not to hurt you!
Ahh, the tension that comes when it's down to the wire! This is where it gets fun!
Time to play our ace in the hole! Turn gigantic, my dear Venusaur!
You'd better brace yourself for this... Think of it as a little tough love!
Time to play our ace in the hole! Turn gigantic, my dear Blastoise!
Try not to get washed away in this deluge, all right, love?
Gahaha! Aren't you the brave one, pickin' a fight with a onetime Gym Leader!
Steel's tough as they come! The more hits it takes, the more ultra-mega-determined it gets!
Time for the tough to get goin'! Let loose, Aggron!
Not bad! Not bad at all! But watch out—next time, it's my turn!
Brrriiice!
Glastrier is after your Iceroot Carrot!
Sheighhhhd!
Spectrier is after your Shaderoot Carrot!
Cro rown!
Ro crow own!
It seems this calls for my true psychic powers. I daresay victory will change hands this time!
Behold my psychic power's maddening potency... I'm afraid this move will put you in checkmate!
I command you to grow enormous, my elegant Pokémon!
This battle ain't over yet! My heart's unbreakable, you hear?!
They say one person's poison is another person's tonic... But Klara's poison is super potent!
Keep your eyes peeled, everyone! It's time for Klara's big moment!
The toughest opponents only make us stronger! Time to turn this battle around!
I won't go easy on you, so do your best to survive! Brace yourself!
Let your colossal fists shatter any wall that stands in your way!
For steel, toughness is everythin'! A little pressure won't make me lose heart!
Get ready for an ultra-mega-impact! Here comes a massive one!
Feels like time for a dose of you-know-what! Get ready to see some REAL bulk!
You lot are so strong, I've got to doff my cap... But this isn't over yet!
Let's see how hot your passion burns! Go, Charizard! G-Max Wildfire!
Get ready—here comes the climax! It's Gigantamax time!
*sigh*... You think you can win, don't you? I suppose I should correct such wishful thinking!
If you think you can avoid this, go ahead and try! Crush them with G-Max Smite!
Let's blot them out with our color, Hatterene! Time to Gigantamax!
I ain't goin' down that easy! I got skin in this game too, y'know!
I'm real proud of how well I've honed this move! Get ready to get sent packin'!
All right, Grimmsnarl! Make my wishes come true...and Gigantamax!
Time to dig my heels in for my friends! Just need to grow until we can reach victory!
My moves are grown with care in my garden! Don't let yourselves get knocked flat!
Grow big and strong—Gigantamax! Time to harvest victory!
Even my last drop is enough to submerge you!
How long do you think you can stay dry up against our tidal might?
Get ready to be marooned in the widest of seas! Drednaw—time to Gigantamax!
Come on, Kabu—you can still win! Burn a path through to victory!
The only place I'm going is to the top! I'll blaze my way through each battle!
Let your flames scorch all of Galar! I believe in you, Centiskorch!
I've got one last number for ya! Get ready to etch it into your ears and hearts!
Watch me strum out one wicked move! Get ready—I'm turnin' it up to eleven!
All right, Raihan! Time to win this and become the true Galarian star you were born to be!
Ring out, dragon's roar! Let them feel it in their bones!
Stand tall, Duraludon! Smash their hopes of winning to pieces!
You'd better concentrate! If you make the smallest slip, I'll pounce on it!
Put your hips into it when you punch! Then take that fist and seize us our victory!
Time to go on the offensive! We'll change the course of this battle with one hit!
All it takes is one pitfall to defeat you. How shall I start digging...?
Rise up, G-Max Volcalith! Can you escape from the prison of stone?
You're unbreakable, Coalossal! I've got absolute faith in you!
Good-byes are so sad... P-please...stay with me...
I want to keep my whole team together... I'll never...let any of them go!
C-creep out of the shadows, Gengar. Show them all your reproach...
The final freeze is the deepest! Get ready to shiver down to your bones!
Now watch how your partner Melony uses her ice, and feel the chill creep in!
Looks like an ice age is looming... How many minutes do you think you'll last?
Masters. <var>! How do you like this? I've...I've nothing left!
Now, let loose a move so dignified it defies description!
Only a true celebrity could retain this great poise in this great peril!
Feel free to gaze in wonderment at this move— as noble as it is damaging!
You've got us up against the wall, mate, but you're about to see what we're really made of!
See if you can keep up with this beat! Rillaboom, use G-Max Drum Solo!
I've got some massive dreams, and the only thing big enough to hold 'em is Gigantamaxing!
Burn 'em up, Cinderace! Show us a G-Max Fireball!
Wash 'em all away, Inteleon! Use G-Max Hydrosnipe!
Well now, that move certainly woke me up. It'd be rude not to return the favor!
There's more to strength than just physical power. Now, let's sap some of that vitality!
Keeping things simple is just boring. Have a taste of this refined flavor!





Master! I'll never give up on the dojo! My psychic power will end things here and now!
Fuhaha! Now that's what I like to hear. In that case, let's do this elegantly!
Behold our elegance...even when one of us dared turn his back on the Psychic type!
*tsk*... Those floating balls are so distracting. Still, we're going to win!
Well, if I must share the pitch with a Dark-type Trainer...at least we're on the same side.
A pair of newly minted Gym Leaders like us can take on anyone—even the Champion!
Hee hee! C'mon, Bede! Let's poison them, nice and proper!
You're a little disquieting, you know... Just try not to get in my way.
All eyes on me, Master! I'll show you that I'm cute AND strong!
This should be fun! But I don't plan on letting you steal the spotlight for strength or adorableness!
Team Supercute with Klara and Marnie! Everyone's gonna be head over heels for us!
I-I'unno about cute or anythin'... But sendin' 'em head over heels works for me!
Take it easy on those brittle bones, old bloke! The Peony train won't stop for any bellyachin'!
Watch your mouth, youngster! Try not to get knocked out too soon!
Master Mustard! It's an honor to battle at your side!
Not to copy you, my boy, but with two former Champions...it'll be a doubly champion time!
Right then, Leon lad! Let's put 'em down nice and quick!
I'm looking forward to fighting alongside Steel Peony himself!
All right, Kabu! Let's show 'em what us edgy older blokes are made of!
Not a bad idea! Say, if we win, why don't you come back to the League?
Now then, my bed-headed partner! Let us comport ourselves as celebrities would!
What?! This isn't bed head! That nonsense on your head is worse, anyway!
Like there's any way us two together could lose! Got yer spikes all tuned up?
You bet! C'mon, Bro—let's show 'em we're even fiercer together!
Would you like a cheer from my noble self, miss Dark-type Trainer with your boldly cut hair?
L-lay off! I don't need your cheerin'! Let's just focus on the battle!
Your water's got my Pokémon all energized and happy, Nessa!
I'll extinguish any flame that so much as casts a spark at your greenery!
Water and rock can douse flame, but my Pokémon can absorb them both!
I'm counting on you, Milo! Let's show everyone what this team can do!
My Grass-type Pokémon have got your back, Piers! We'll make sure you have center stage!
Aw, quit embarrassin' me, Milo! You'll have to Dynamax for the pair of us!
Hello there, Allister! No need to get nervous. Let's battle at our own pace!
Th-thanks, Milo... I...appreciate it...
We'll burn away any plants that try to wring you dry, Nessa!
Great! And let us wash away any stone or earth that tries to quench your flames!
I look forward to learning from the ever-shifting nature of your Water-type moves!
In serious mode like always, aren't you? Let's go have a nice dessert once we've won!
Water helps push rocks forward... The opponent doesn't stand a chance!
I never get tired of seeing those backward somersaults of yours, Gordie...
Dark and Dragon, scales and shade! ♪ Fairy types get us both afraid! ♪
You just keep on singing, Piers! I'll dish out all the damage we need!
All right, Raihan! Use those weather tricks and make it rain cheers in this stadium!
Way ahead of you, Leon! Though I'm already looking forward to taking YOU on!
Remember our plan, Raihan! I'm counting on you to get that weather going!
No hard feelings if the plan slips my mind! You know I run wild in battle!
Hello there, Raihan! I look forward to battling alongside such a mighty Gym Leader!
I know I'm in for a rough time with you, Melony! You're tough on teammates and opponents alike!
Let's use our rock-solid moves to crush the willpower of any opponent!
That's an encouraging sentiment. Let's take the fight to them, Gordie.
Let us put up a fight worthy of showing to Masters. <var>!
It goes without saying, Older Brother! Such is our noble duty!


Don't mind me, child. You got all the correct answers to my quizzes, so do as you please.
I'll still back you up the best I can to take some weight off your shoulders, Ms. Opal!
Come now, Bede... Time for our Double Pink Typhoon!
I don't think that's a move, Ms. Opal... No matter—I'm sure we'll win!
What better team-up to make our opponents shiver than Ice and Ghost types?
R-right you are! W-we'll send chills up their spines...
Come on, Hop! Our bond as brothers is way stronger than any Champion!
I know <var> better than anybody. You just leave himer to me!
Remember our Gym Challenge? I'm gonna let loose all the frustration I've been holdin' in since!
Watch yourself, <var>! Your old rivals are teaming up to take you down!
Now, I haven't battled at your side for quite a long while. It's almost a little embarrassing!
Fuhahaha! We're still too young to be reminiscing about the good old days, Opal!
Do your best, young Piers. Or I'll...Play Rough.
Yeah, I've gotta pass on that. I don't think I could handle havin' an 88-year-old Play Rough.
What say we give this stadium a nice cooling off, Nessa, dear?
Gladly! Let's dazzle the whole place with our glimmering teamwork!
I'm truly honored to get to battle alongside such a legendary Champion.
Come now, don't be shy! Stand tall! Let us enjoy the clashing of fists together!
I-I-I'll...do my best!
Don't be so nervous, boy! I'm looking forward to seeing how you battle!
I trust you to bring us a silvery-white victory, Lady Melony!
Oh, you'll embarrass me with that "Lady" talk. Anyway, I'll leave the Fighting types to you!
Aaah! Ohmygosh, Gordie! You're super popular! I can't believe we're on the same team!
Um, do be careful. A lot of my fans can get a little wild sometimes...
Battling gifted opponents gets my heart beating, no matter how many times I do it!
Let's hurry and get this started! Time to see who can win some Exp. Points off the other!
I'm really up against the wall now...which will make winning all the more satisfying!
Flex your gigantic muscles, Urshifu! Let your mighty frame burst through the sky itself!
Every one of the thousands of times we've swung our fists was for the sake of this moment!
Hmm, yes! I feel an unyielding power emanating from that Pokémon and that move!
Now, was that pinpoint aim or plain luck? Either way...it made things interesting!
A little lapse in judgment, eh? How unlike you!
A fine stroke of luck...but I know you won't be worn out as easily as that!
I'm still working on getting stronger! So don't go laughing if I don't do well!
Still not pulling any punches, I see. Not that I care or anything!
All righty, Slowbro! Time to dream bigger— and be bigger!
Your Pokémon will look sooo much cuter once I give it a nice coat of venom!
You'll have to do more than that to make me lose heart! I'm gettin' better every day!
Gah! Seriously? It didn't work? I hate this...but I should've expected as much.
Tee hee! That's me—as cute as I am clever with moves!
I'll send your head spinning just like this Poké Ball!
My power only grows when my back's to the wall. You've no one to blame for this but yourself!
With a one, two, three...my Pokémon will be gigantic! And with nothing up my sleeves, either!
Witness my ESP! Which, of course, stands for Elegant Spectacular Power!
S-super effective? Your Nature certainly isn't Calm, is it?
M-my glasses were foggy! That's it! I couldn't see anything—that's why that happened!
No amount of training can hide one's weaknesses... That goes for you, too!
All right, let's give it a go! Watch out, I'm going to get serious!
You're doing just splendidly, <var>! This is exactly what makes you our rising star!
All right, my dear Venusaur! Bloom so fully your petals cover the whole island!
Sorry if this stings a bit. That's just how tough love works!
All right, my dear Blastoise, get ready to give a soaking! Show us that big, splendid shell!
Sorry if you get a bit soggy. I'll lend you a towel when we're through here!
My dear Nia's watchin' from the sidelines! Time to activate coolest-dad-ever mode!
Don't go lettin' your guard down yet! I've still got a thrashin' left to give!
That was one heavy blow! Hope you felt a nice, big thump!
Look at you showin' how it's done! I expected nothin' less from you, Chief!
