A Fire-type attack that Gigantamax Charizard use. This move continues to deal damage to opponents for four turns.
A Bug-type attack that Gigantamax Butterfree use. This move inflicts the poisoned, paralyzed, or asleep status condition on opponents.
An Electric-type attack that Gigantamax Pikachu use. This move paralyzes opponents.
A Normal-type attack that Gigantamax Meowth use. This move confuses opponents and also earns extra money.
A Fighting-type attack that Gigantamax Machamp use. This move raises the chance of critical hits.
A Ghost-type attack that Gigantamax Gengar use. This Pokémon steps on the opposing Pokémon's shadow to prevent them from escaping.
An Ice-type attack that Gigantamax Lapras use. This move reduces the damage received for five turns.
A Normal-type attack that Gigantamax Eevee use. This move infatuates opponents.
A Normal-type attack that Gigantamax Snorlax use. This move restores Berries that have been eaten.
A Poison-type attack that Gigantamax Garbodor use. This move poisons opponents.
A Water-type attack that Gigantamax Drednaw use. This move scatters sharp rocks around the field.
A Flying-type attack that Gigantamax Corviknight use. This move removes the effects of moves like Reflect and Light Screen.
An Electric-type attack that Gigantamax Toxtricity use. This move poisons or paralyzes opponents.
A Fairy-type attack that Gigantamax Alcremie use. This move heals the HP of allies.
A Dragon-type attack that Gigantamax Duraludon use. Reduces the PP of the last move used.
A Psychic-type attack that Gigantamax Orbeetle use. This move changes gravity for five turns.
A Rock-type attack that Gigantamax Coalossal use. This move continues to deal damage to opponents for four turns.
A Ground-type attack that Gigantamax Sandaconda use. Opponents are trapped in a raging sandstorm for four to five turns.
A Dark-type attack that Gigantamax Grimmsnarl use. The user lets loose a huge yawn that lulls the targets into falling asleep on the next turn.
A Grass-type attack that Gigantamax Flapple use. This move reduces the opponents' evasiveness.
A Grass-type attack that Gigantamax Appletun use. This move heals the status conditions of allies.
A Fairy-type attack that Gigantamax Hatterene use. This move confuses opponents.
A Steel-type attack that Gigantamax Copperajah use. This move scatters sharp spikes around the field.
A Steel-type attack that Gigantamax Melmetal use. This move makes opponents incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
A Water-type attack that Gigantamax Kingler use. This move harshly lowers the Speed of opponents.
A Fire-type attack that Gigantamax Centiskorch use. This move traps opponents in flames for four to five turns.
A Grass-type attack that Gigantamax Venusaur use. This move continues to deal damage to opponents for four turns.
A Water-type attack that Gigantamax Blastoise use. This move continues to deal damage to opponents for four turns.
A Grass-type attack that Gigantamax Rillaboom use. This move can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
A Fire-type attack that Gigantamax Cinderace use. This move can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
A Water-type attack that Gigantamax Inteleon use. This move can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
A Dark-type attack that Gigantamax Urshifu use. This single-strike move can ignore Max Guard.
A Water-type attack that Gigantamax Urshifu use. This rapid-strike move can ignore Max Guard.
