<var>
See more
Trade completed!
Link Trade
Link Battle
Profile
Load new stamps

<var>
<var>




Seeking
Link Trade
Link Battle
Max Raid Battle

Chatter
 Confirm
 Quit
 Hearts
 Connect to the Internet
 Block



You're broadcasting to everybody that you're looking for someone to connect with. You can only broadcast one request at a time.
Do you want to cancel your current request?
Yes
No
You will now connect to the internet. Your game will be saved. Is that OK?
Connect
Don't connect
Connecting... Please stand by.
You're now connected to the internet.
Saving... Please wait.
You're now connected to the internet.
You're about to disconnect from the internet. Would you like to continue?
You've switched back to local communication.
Disconnect
Stay connected
Disconnecting from the internet...
Join in
Start trade
Start battle
Give a heart
Quit
View card

You haven't received any stamps yet. We'll notify you once a new stamp arrives!
What kind of stamp would you like to look for?
Friends only
Seeking
Link Trades
Link Battles
Max Raid Battles
Chatter
Quit
Reset filters
No stamps were found for that search filter.






Your game is being saved. Just a moment...
The host has set a Link Code to join in this Max Raid Battle. Would you like to continue?














 Set Link Code
 Start
 Confirm
 Back
Reset






















Would you like to save your game and start a Surprise Trade?
Start
Quit



Link Battle
Battle Format
Single Battle
Double Battle
Multi Battle
Link Code
<var> <var>
Reset
Start battle
What battle format are you interested in?
 Set Link Code
 Start
 Confirm
 Back
 Reset
Single Battle
Double Battle
Multi Battle
Quit
Select this option for a two-player battle where each player sends one Pokémon into battle.
Select this option for a two-player battle where each player sends two Pokémon into battle.
Select this option for a four-player battle with two Trainers to a side. Each player sends one Pokémon into battle at a time.
Select this option to exit this battle menu and do something else instead!
If you and another player set the same Link Code, you can be sure to connect with one another.



Link Code
<var> <var>


Choose a player icon to represent yourself!
 Confirm
 Back

I'm trading with <var> just now! Can't wait to see what I get!
I started up a Surprise Trade just now. I wonder what kind of Pokémon I'll get?
I got a Pokémon in a Link Trade just now... and it evolved?! What're the odds!
There'sre <var> personople trading around me right now! Pretty amazing, right?
I'm in the middle of a Single Battle just now! And I'm not planning on losing!
I'm in the middle of a Double Battle just now! And I'm not planning on losing!
I'm in the middle of a Multi Battle just now! And I'm not planning on losing!
There'sre <var> personople battling near where I am! Pretty amazing, right?
I defeated <var> in a Single Battle! How d'you like that?
I defeated <var> in a Double Battle! How d'you like that?
I defeated <var> in a Multi Battle! How d'you like that?
I joined up with some allies, and together we managed to take down <var>!
I joined up with some allies, and together we managed to catch <var>!
I'm at my camp, planning to spend some quality time with my Pokémon!
I made a scrummy meal with my Pokémon! Fancy a curry?
Come on, everybody! Join me as allies! Let's start a Max Raid Battle!
Link Trades help expand your horizons! I'm looking to trade. How about you?
Single Battles really get your pulse racing! Why don't you come join in the fun?
Double Battles have some searingly hot strategy! Think you're up for that kind of excitement?
Multi Battles are a blast to do together! Why don't you give one a try?
Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Really powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Really powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Massively powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Massively powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Incredibly powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
Incredibly powerful Pokémon sighted! It's time for a Max Raid Battle!
I caught myself <var>!
My <var> evolved and now it looks entirely different!
Pikachu
Eevee
Grookey
Sobble
Scorbunny
Team Yell Grunt (♂)
Team Yell Grunt (♀)
League Staff (♂)
League Staff (♀)
Poké Kid (♂)
Poké Kid (♀)
Youngster
Lass
Schoolboy
Schoolgirl
Office Worker (♂)
Office Worker (♀)
Cook
Café Master
Doctor (♂)
Doctor (♀)
Police Officer
Worker (♂)
Worker (♀)
Pokémon Breeder (♂)
Pokémon Breeder (♀)
Artist
Backpacker
Gentleman
Madame
Fisher
Hiker
Black Belt
Beauty
Model
Swimmer (♂)
Swimmer (♀)
Musician
Dancer
Postman
Cabbie
Rail Staff
Reporter
Cameraman











The Pokémon League
The Gym Challenge
The Champion Cup
The Grass Gym
The Water Gym
The Fire Gym
The Fighting Gym
The Ghost Gym
The Fairy Gym
The Rock Gym
The Ice Gym
The Dark Gym
The Dragon Gym
The Normal Gym
The Electric Gym
The Bug Gym
The Psychic Gym
The Flying Gym
The Ground Gym
The Steel Gym
The Poison Gym
Team Yell






































Searching...




Starting to search for another Trainer! You can also cancel your request by selecting another option from the menu.
Starting to search for another Trainer! You can also cancel your request by selecting another option from the menu.
 Block List
Search canceled.
Search Stamps
Swap Cards
Surprise Trade
Your system is currently in Airplane Mode, so you can't connect to other players. Turn off Airplane Mode and try again.
Your software version is out of date, so you can't connect to other players. If you want to communicate with others, you must update your software. Check the official website for more details.
Surprise Trade lets you trade Pokémon in a truly surprising way! Select a Pokémon to trade and leave the rest up to us. As you adventure, we'll find an eligible trading partner and carry out the trade for you. So let's take care of your only job—choosing a Pokémon you're willing to trade!
Let's trade some League Cards! You can also cancel your request by selecting another option from the menu.
Would you like to start trading?
Set Link Code
Start trading
You've set your Link Code to be: <var> <var>. Would you like to trade using this Link Code?
You haven't set a Link Code. Without a Link Code, you might be connected to someone other than the person you meant to play together with. Would you like to continue?
Would you like to add <var> to your block list?
You won't be able to connect again with any player you add to your block list. Are you sure you want to block this player? (It's possible to unblock the player again.)
<var> has been added to your block list. You can check your block list from the Profile option in the Y-Comm menu.
Yes
No
 Local Communication
This player has finished recruiting Trainers to join their Max Raid Battle. Let's clear out your old stamps, and get you a fresh set of the latest stamps.
Want to swap League Cards with me?

You can't swap League Cards right now.
Looks like your album is full! Please check your album if you want to start swapping cards.
Quit
You've already added this person to your block list.
You can't add yourself to your block list!
If you and another player set the same Link Code, you can be sure to connect with one another.
You can't perform a Link Trade, because your your last trade ended without being completed, perhaps due to a connection error or turning off the power to your system. Please wait a while, without changing the time on your Nintendo Switch system, then try again.
You have no Pokémon in your Boxes, so you can't carry out a trade. Please start a trade after catching some more Pokémon!
You don't have more than two Pokémon, so you can't carry out a trade. Please start a trade after catching some more Pokémon!
You can't take part in a Double Battle unless you have at least two Pokémon that can battle. Get your team together, then try again!
Communicating... Please wait a moment.
There is a problem with the Pokémon you've selected.
Communication failed.
Internet
Local Communication
I defeated <var> on a Dynamax Adventure!
I defeated <var> on a Dynamax Adventure!
