You haven't learned anything yet!
 Close
 Next
<var>/<var>
Adventure Guide

Open the X menu by pressing the X Button! You can save your progress by selecting Save from the X menu! You can also check your location and your next destination by selecting the Town Map. And you can check this Adventure Guide anytime you want in the Key Items section of your Bag.
Open the X menu by pressing the X Button! You can save your progress by selecting Save from the X menu! And you can check this Adventure Guide anytime you want in the Key Items section of your Bag.
Y-Comm
Y-Comm offers many ways to connect with other players! You'll be welcome to swap Pokémon, take part in Pokémon battles, and more! There's never a shortage of things to do!
This is called a stamp. Your stamps will be sent to others when you open up the Y-Comm menu and choose one of the options there to try to connect with your fellow Trainers! Stamps come with messages, too, so everyone can understand just what you're interested in.
Normally, you can use Y-Comm to connect with people close-by. But if you press the + Button and connect to the internet, you'll be able to connect with people around the world!
When stamps arrive in Y-Comm while you're out on your adventure, it means that other Trainers are around and looking for someone to connect with. Press the Y Button to see who's around!
Select a stamp that shows the silhouette of a Pokémon on it, and you'll be able to team up with your fellow Trainers to battle Pokémon!
Pokémon League Cards
Show off your achievements by making a League Card! You can customize your card using the Card Maker found at every Pokémon Center. Doing so will also update your card with all your latest information!
Trainers all have their own League Cards, and you can swap cards with other Trainers that you connect with using communication features. You can view all the League Cards you've collected by checking out your album, which you can find in the League Card option of the X menu.
From the X menu, you can select League Card and then Album to view the League Cards you've received. This is also where you'll find League Cards you received from other players!
The Battle Stadium
In the Battle Stadium, you can connect to other Trainers around the world to take part in Link Battles and various battle competitions against one another.
Casual Battles let you easily connect with all kinds of other players for battles—and for a bit of fun! You might see some unexpected Pokémon and moves being used in these easygoing battles.
Ranked Battles are the real deal. This is where serious Trainers go to take one another on and try to reach the highest ranks. Your rank shows how strong your team is, and it can go up and down based on the results of your battles.
Online Competitions use a different system to measure your skill as a Trainer. Here you earn a number rating that shows where you stand among the competition. For a fixed period of time, you'll battle numerous other Trainers, and those battles will make your rating go up or down. Unlike other battle modes, it's up to you to search out and select a competition you'll choose to take part in.
The Dynamax Phenomenon
In the Galar region, Pokémon can become far larger than usual in certain places. This transformation is called "Dynamaxing." Press the Dynamax button when your Dynamax Band lights up to Dynamax your Pokémon.
Your Pokémon can only Dynamax for three turns! During that time, your Dynamax Pokémon can use extremely powerful moves known as Max Moves. These Max Moves not only deal tremendous damage— they can also trigger special effects! The exact effect changes depending on the type of the move used. Choose carefully when to Dynamax your Pokémon, and smash your way to victory!
Pokémon Camp
In your Pokémon Camp, you and your Pokémon can play together and even eat together, growing closer through the experience! If your Pokémon grow very close to you, they may even try extra hard for you during battle!
You can play using your Joy-Con, too! If you slide your Joy-Con off your system, you can wave one about to throw a ball for your Pokémon to retrieve or wave a Poké Toy for their delight. If you waggle that Poké Toy, you might even entice Pokémon hanging out farther back in your camp to come play!
When you set up camp in the Wild Area, you'll be able to play with up to three other Trainers at a time. All kinds of people and Pokémon might stumble upon your camp, even those you've never met before, so get to know them as you play together!
Cooking at Camp
Cook up a fine curry while out camping by selecting ingredients and Berries of your liking! Your curries will get more delicious if you choose to do things like using rare ingredients or adding lots of Berries, too.
Once you start cooking, fan the flames with your fan to keep things hot enough, and stir things up with your ladle to keep 'em moving. Only don't go overboard— you don't want to spill! The last step will be to add a bit of soul into it at just the right timing, and you'll have made a masterpiece for your Pokémon to enjoy!
After you finish cooking, it'll be time for everyone to dig in together. Eating a tasty curry can have a number of effects on the Pokémon that are at your camp, including restoring their HP and making them feel more friendly toward you!

Pokémon Dens
The pillars of red light you'll see in the Wild Area mark Pokémon Dens. Dynamax Pokémon dwell in these dens, and you'll be able to battle them by investigating the den. You can start the battle on your own or get up to three other players to help you out!
If you throw Wishing Chips into Pokémon Dens that don't have a light pillar, Dynamax Pokémon can appear in them, too! Try throwing a Wishing Chip into a Pokémon Den you come across and see what happens!
You will also find Pokémon Dens that are glowing red but do not have the light pillar. Checking these dens will reward you with Watts! You can give Watts to Trainers around the Wild Area to receive lots of different items.
Max Raid Battles
Defeat a Dynamax Pokémon, and you'll get a chance at catching it! Additionally, there are some rare items that you can only obtain by battling Dynamax Pokémon!
When wild Pokémon Dynamax, they become incredibly powerful. They may unleash multiple moves in a row and take other actions you won't see in a regular battle. Working together with other Trainers will be key as you take on these Dynamax Pokémon together as a team of four.
The Flying Taxis
If you use the Flying Taxi service, one of their well-trained Corviknight will have you zipping across the Galar region to your desired destination in no time at all! Just open up the X menu, and use the Town Map to choose where you want to go!

Pokémon Boxes
You can keep extra Pokémon in your Pokémon Boxes. You've got your own Boxes in the Pokémon storage system, which you can access at the Rotom Information terminals (Rotomi) found in Pokémon Centers everywhere. You can retrieve Pokémon from your Boxes at any Rotomi you visit, too!
Press the X Button to toggle between different modes so you can organize your Boxes more easily. You can move Pokémon between your party and your Boxes, or sort the Pokémon in your Boxes based on a number of different criteria.
Press the Y Button, and you can change what happens as you select Pokémon. The red cursor gives you detailed options for a single Pokémon. The blue cursor lets you move or select a Pokémon easily. And the green cursor lets you outline a rectangular area so you can move several Pokémon at once.



Poké Jobs
Pokémon are in high demand as helpers in the Galar region, and you're able to send your own Pokémon out to help out on jobs! The Pokémon you send out will grow stronger from the experience they gain!
The job postings will be updated every day. Good things will begin to happen if you send lots of Pokémon to many jobs, so keep an eye out for new postings and help out as much as you can!
Job postings are updated just once a day, but as you get better evaluations, you'll find that the number of job postings available will increase! Sending a job requester lots of the type of Pokémon they're seeking will get you a great evaluation, so choose Pokémon that are best suited to each job!

The Gym Challenge
The Gym Challenge is an event in which aspiring Trainers travel around the Galar region to try to collect Gym Badges from eight of its Gyms. To earn a Gym Badge, you have to complete that Gym's mission and also defeat its Gym Leader.
Live Competitions
Live Competitions let you gather together with others and have competitions with one another. These can be casual Friendly Competitions, which are hosted among friends, or Official Competitions. If you want to find out about current or upcoming Official Competitions, check out Pokémon's official website.
Hosting a Competition
Live Competitions can be hosted by anyone— including you! Set up the rules you'd like everyone to battle with, and then you can share them with all your competition participants using your system's communication features! For more information, head to Pokémon's official website!
Casual Battles
Please observe the following rules when taking part in Casual Battles: • Battle Teams must be made up of six different Pokémon. • No two Pokémon can hold the same item.
You can take part in Casual Battles even with special Pokémon in your Battle Team. Enjoy battles with all your favorite Pokémon!
Ranked Battles
Please observe the following rules when taking part in Ranked Battles: • Battle Teams must be made up of six different Pokémon. • No two Pokémon can hold the same item. • Teams must not contain any special Pokémon.
You'll earn or lose points based on the results of your Ranked Battles. Once you've gained a certain number of points from your Ranked Battles, you'll go up in rank. On the other hand, if you lose enough points, you'll go down in rank.
Ranks are sorted into different tiers. Once you reach a new tier, you won't fall back down into a lower tier, even if you lose in your Ranked Battles. For example, once you've reached the Ultra Ball Tier, you won't fall back down into the Great Ball Tier, regardless of how many battles you lose.
Ranked Battles are held during set periods. Each of these set periods is called a season. Once one season ends, a new season will begin. When a new season begins, all players will have their ranks lowered. At this time only, you might find that you've moved down a tier.
The players who reach the highest rank in Ranked Battles will no longer battle to reach a higher rank, but instead to see where they place among the best. A Trainer's place in the highest rank will go up or down based on the results of their battles.
Online Competitions
Online Competitions can be broken down into two categories: Official Competitions and Friendly Competitions.
In Official Competitions, you take part in special battles with a variety of different rules and restrictions in order to see where you place. Details about the schedule for these competitions and restrictions on what Pokémon you can use in them are announced on Pokémon's official website.
Friendly Competitions are competitions that are held by players themselves. These are casual battles where players come together to battle one another. You can try your hand at plenty of Friendly Competitions!
Search for an Official Competition or a Friendly Competition, and enter one to take part in battles once the competition begins. Search out competitions with rules that sound like a fun challenge or that allow you to take part with the Pokémon you like!
The Pokémon Box Link
You can use the Pokémon Box Link to access your Pokémon Boxes while you're on the road. You'll be able to add Pokémon to your party or transfer Pokémon from your party to a Box. You can access your Boxes by selecting Pokémon from the X menu and then pressing the R Button.
Information about Ranked Battles
Select VS from the menu and then select Battle Stadium to participate in Ranked Battles! Hone your skills at the Battle Tower, and then give it a try!
Fishing
If you see shadows in the water, you'll likely find Pokémon lurking beneath them. Face such a shadow and press the A Button to cast your line and try to fish up a catch! If your Fishing Rod shakes, press the A Button once more to reel in a Pokémon. Try fishing wherever you spot these shadows!

Rental Teams
Rental Teams allow you to borrow other people's Battle Teams that they've shared over the internet, or you can share your own team so other players can see how great it is! When a team is shared, it will be given a team ID. Input that team ID when searching for a Rental Team, and you'll be able to borrow the associated Battle Team!
The Isle of Armor
You have an Armor Pass! Show it to the rail staff at Wedgehurst Station if you want to visit the Isle of Armor. You'll be able to set out on a new adventure where you can catch rare Pokémon and grow with your team!
The Crown Tundra
You have a Crown Pass! Show it to the rail staff at Wedgehurst Station if you want to visit the Crown Tundra, a land where many mysteries lurk within. New adventures await there, and the blanketing snow hides Legendary Pokémon of yore!
Dynamax Adventure
Form a team of four Trainers, and set off to explore the mysterious Max Lair. See if you can find the Legendary Pokémon said to await you in the deepest part of this unusual den!
To take part in a Dynamax Adventure, you must borrow a single Pokémon to accompany you. Get things started by having each Trainer select the Pokémon they will take with them on their adventure.
As you explore this den, you'll come to branches in your path. Decide as a team which way to go. When you come across a Dynamax Pokémon, it'll be time for a Max Raid Battle! Catch the Pokémon, and you can swap it with the one you have if you think it'll help you press on into the depths of the den.
The King of Bountiful Harvests
There's a fairy tale in Freezington about the Legendary Pokémon known as the King of Bountiful Harvests. In the legends, the king is said to wear a massive crown on its head, but the wooden statue near the fields in the middle of the village shows no sign of a crown.
Calyrex appeared once I placed the crown on the statue of the King of Bountiful Harvests. Calyrex can apparently speak to humans by taking over a person's body—Peony's, in this case. Now I need to gather more information on the King of Bountiful Harvests from the people of the village!
In order to find the king's beloved steed, I'll need to first get my hands on its favorite food—carrots. Maybe the people of Freezington can help me out.
Upon hearing that I was able to find Carrot Seeds, Calyrex told me about two fields where I can grow the carrots. I need to pick either the field covered in snow or the field by the graves and plant the seeds!
Calyrex was able to grow an Iceroot Carrot from the seeds I planted in the field covered in snow! The scent of the carrot lured Glastrier out, but it ran off toward Freezington.
Calyrex was able to grow a Shaderoot Carrot from the seeds I planted in the field by the graves! The scent of the carrot lured Spectrier out, but it ran off toward Freezington.
Using the mane hair I got by defeating the Pokémon that was once the king's loyal steed along with the Radiant Petal grown by Calyrex itself, I was able to re-create the Reins of Unity! Now I need to head to the Crown Shrine, where the steed's been living, to meet up with Calyrex!
Calyrex, the King of Bountiful Harvests, was able to reconnect with its loyal steed using the new Reins of Unity. Calyrex also seems to have regained its trust in humankind. As thanks for helping it regain its power, Calyrex is allowing me to take it along on my adventure!
The Legendary Giants
Far, far into the Giant's Bed lies a temple where the giant of stone sleeps. On the temple's door are strange words: "Let the... ... ...mon h... ... ...chang... ... ....one." The door remains firmly shut.
Far, far into the Giant's Bed lies a temple where the giant of stone sleeps. On the temple's door are strange words: "Let the first Pokémon hold a never-changing stone." When I gave my Pokémon an Everstone to hold, the door opened—and I found Regirock.
Sunken in the side of Snowslide Slope lies a temple where the giant of ice sleeps. On the temple's door are strange words: "Wa... togeth... ... ...iving... ...stal... of sno..." The door remains firmly shut.
Sunken in the side of Snowslide Slope lies a temple where the giant of ice sleeps. On the temple's door are strange words: "Walk together with a living crystal of snow." When I took a Cryogonal from its Poké Ball and had it walk with me, the door opened—and I found Regice.
Near where green meets snow in the Giant's Bed lies a temple where the giant of steel sleeps. On the temple's door are strange words: "Let... ... out... ... ...note... ... wak... ... ...iant... ... ...eel." The door remains firmly shut.
Near where green meets snow in the Giant's Bed lies a temple where the giant of steel sleeps. On the temple's door are strange words: "Let ring out the piercing note that will wake the giant of steel." When I whistled before the door, it opened—and I found Registeel.
On the distant paths of Three-Point Pass lies a temple where two giants sleep. On the temple's door are strange words: "Whe... ... ...ree ... ... ...door... ... ...all be ... ...ened." The door remains firmly shut.
On the distant paths of Three-Point Pass lies a temple where two giants sleep. On the temple's door are strange words: "When gather the three giants, the door of destiny shall be opened." With the giants of stone, ice, and steel gathered, the door opened—and I chose a giant.
The Bird Pokémon of Legend
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. The bird of orange dashed off to the Wild Area. The bird of black flew off to the Isle of Armor. The bird of purple set off across the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. Zapdos was caught in the Wild Area. The bird of black flew off to the Isle of Armor. The bird of purple set off across the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. The bird of orange dashed off to the Wild Area. Moltres was caught on the Isle of Armor. The bird of purple set off across the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. The bird of orange dashed off to the Wild Area. The bird of black flew off to the Isle of Armor. Articuno was caught in the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. Zapdos was caught in the Wild Area. Moltres was caught on the Isle of Armor. The bird of purple set off across the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. Zapdos was caught in the Wild Area. The bird of black flew off to the Isle of Armor. Articuno was caught in the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. The bird of orange dashed off to the Wild Area. Moltres was caught on the Isle of Armor. Articuno was caught in the Crown Tundra.
When the sun reaches its zenith, it shines directly down upon a great tree with leaves that seem to burn. It is there that the legendary wings come to roost. Zapdos was caught in the Wild Area. Moltres was caught on the Isle of Armor. Articuno was caught in the Crown Tundra.
?????????
A m...ious l...ge h..le that con...cts o...r w...ld to ano...r. This phe...m...non was ori...ally dis...ered by Prof...r M...n. The h... co...ts to wor...s whe... Ult... ...sts li...e. Th...e are be...s t...t are diff...nt fr...m the P...ém...n th... we ...re fam...ar w...th.
