Benedict
Yaaay! I won! I won! I totally, definitely won!
I'm going home!


Marko
Oh my... I didn't expect to win.
Impressive! You're quite the Trainer!


Brent
This is to be expected. I am the king of all youngsters, after all!
Next time I'll come back with long pants...


Ellie
I wasn't ready, but I won anyway!
I wasn't ready! I would have won, otherwise!


Ava
Yay! I won! I gave it all my energy, and it paid off!
Aww, I lost... Still, I won't let this bring me down! I'll always give my best!


Moira
Huh. I guess I didn't need to go all out on you.
Hey! I was only battling at 2 percent of my full power, OK?!


Finley
I knew my hunch was right!
That does it! I'm studying up on how to get sweet revenge next!


Reu
That victory's for all my mates in the Pokémon club!
I...I don't deserve to be the president of the Pokémon club...


Theodore
I'm so strong, I must have made you flinch!
You didn't even flinch! What, is your Ability Inner Focus or something?


Zara
Wow, I won...? Oh dear, I don't think I can keep this up...
I knew I couldn't do it...


Dusk
Huh? I didn't know I was this strong!
Wait—have we even met before...?


Holly
Looks like my Pokémon are both stronger and cuter than yours!
I still win at being cute! Even against your Pokémon!


Albert
Pika!
Pika...


Blake
I'm gonna keep dressing up as a Pikachu, even when I'm all grown-up!
I guess being relaxed doesn't make me stronger!


Robin
See? See?! I knew my Pokémon were strong!
But...but how?! How could I have lost?


Alex
Vee!
Ee... Vee...?


Dromena
Hee hee hee! I bet you thought I was just a scared, lost child!
I was hoping you'd let your guard down around a lost child...


Penelope
Shhh... Just go to sleep.
Nighty-night!


Clarence
Hya-haaa! This is the strength of an adult!
That's not what I'd call "going easy"...


Stanley
I just got a message from my boss! I need to get back to the office!
Well, that's that... My break time sure went quickly...


Hugo
Exchanging business cards is basic business etiquette!
Since we're both Trainers, I guess we could trade League Cards.


Sayla
Victory's always so refreshing! Now, if I could only finish my work as easily...
Great, now I'm stressed out about losing on top of being stressed out about work!


Orla
I gave my 110 percent. It's the optimal strategy to achieve exponential growth!
We're seeing a downturn in projected results. I need more synergistic interactions on my team.


Thea
Maybe it's not too late for me to become a Gym Leader!
It's not going to happen if I'm so easily defeated, I guess...


Stan
Wow, I beat the Champion! Maybe I can give you my autograph?
Aw, I lost! I don't want an autograph anymore!


Brenner
Wearing brand-name shorts really does make you stronger in battle!
I was too busy worrying about my brand-name shorts! I couldn't focus!


Kushi
Oops! Guess I showed your Pokémon a little too much love!
That's not what I meant when I said show them a bit of love!


Darcie
No, no, wait! I didn't really mean it!
Whew... I know I lost, but I'm a little relieved.


Bon
Just as I calculated!
But you only had a 5 percent chance to defeat me!


Albie
That's going to be a wicked video! Don't forget to give it a good rating!
M-my followers won't let you get away with this!


Sienna
... ... ... I win.
... ... ... *sniff*


Silky
I did it! Now I'll be popular!
No! I don't want to be unpopular!


Fero
I'm serious about this... I won't let anyone tell me it's just play!
I guess it must look like some game, huh...


Avit
Time for my pika-perfect smile!
Pika pika...


Kaelie
Me and my friends put in a lot of work to catch my Pokémon, but it was worth it!
But I worked hard with my friends to catch these Pokémon in the Wild Area!


Katherine
Perhaps now you appreciate my strength?
Oh dear!


Diego
You're below the lower end of average.
I'm on the lower end of average, so I know my place.


Patton
Now that will burn off some calories!
The only ones getting a workout were my Pokémon!


Stella
That'll get me likes!
Gonna make a post of me looking sad!


Krysia
I guess you'll never find out what work I do!
I'm actually the department manager. We could use somebody like you on our team!


Matthew
I won that battle because I'm an early riser! Early to rise makes Pokémon healthy, as they say!
We were too sleepy to battle at full strength... I guess a well-rested Pokémon is never bested.


Winslow
It's all about what moves your Pokémon know when you leave them at the Pokémon Nursery!
I wonder if Pokémon already know moves when they're still inside Eggs?


Waylin
Love for your Pokémon is the key to victory!
Not enough love...? I need to love my Pokémon much more!


Therme
Easy peasy! Less trouble than work, that was!
I'm better at my work than I am at battling, I guess...


Columban
Victory third!
Defeat third! ...Wait, no—that's not right.


Egbert
A smooth and comfortable victory, just like a well-maintained train!
Battling with Pokémon is nothing like maintaining trains, it seems...


Rikke
Told you we've got the heart for this!
Your nerves were stronger than ours...


Isabelle
Ha! I tricked you into thinking I was weak and helpless!
Oh come on. Did you think I was trying to pull one over on you or something?


Mornix
Hm. Maybe you should shower more often.
You are strong, just as I suspected! I wish to have a rematch sometime!


Tsapeli
Those online karate courses really paid off!
Maybe I should just learn Galarian karate the real way... I don't like being hurt, though...


Jung
The mountains granted me victory! Mountains truly are the best places to be!
Wonderful! This gives me an excuse to spend even more time up in the mountains!


Graymond
That's thanks to my ab-solute power! Though you can't see my abs through my shirt.
Oh, I guess you can tell, huh? Yeah, I'm just wearing a lumpy shirt.


Celinda
This is such an interesting facility! Thanks for the battle!
I need to visit every tourist attraction in the Galar region!


Ajani
Aww, you let me win! That's very nice of you!
*sob* That wasn't very nice! My tears now stain the lands of Galar!


Feng
I had me a good tail wind, just like when you ride my Flying Taxi!
I keep battles and work separate, mate. You can always give me a call if you need a ride!


Daltz
Looks like you were headed for defeat!
Well, we've arrived at your victory!


Maggie
Aaaaaand I caught a big one!
Hmph! That was just beginner's luck for you!


Bate
I'm even more partial to winning battles!
Not too fond of losing...


Nick
Oh, you're just a small fry. You're free to go!
Oh, I do beg your pardon... I didn't realize you were the Champion.


Booker
Nothing to report here! All is well!
I ditched work to come here, only to get soundly defeated...


Astraea
A model needs to win with beauty!
I still have much to learn as a model...


Berti
My brilliance clearly has blinded you!
You're really good! Say, why don't you become a model?


Finn
A finely brewed victory for me!
Maybe you should come work at my shop!


Vassallo
A truly rich and refined battle... Well? What do you think?
You're still so young, and yet your battle style is so rich and deep...


Isla
And that is how true nobility handle themselves in Pokémon battles.
I suggest you be extra careful when wandering around at night...


Laguna
Your Pokémon are... Well, they're not bad, but not what I want.
I want your Pokémon! Please, would you be willing to part with them? No?


Gig
My Pokémon are good and strong! That's why I sing this song! ♪
So we lost the battle and... ♪ Uh... I can't think of any good rhymes.


Jay
Thank you, thank you! Thank you very much!
Whoa, stop! Stop the music right now!


Tricia
Backup dancers can provide synergy! All we need to do is dance, dance, and dance!
Blast! I was supposed to make the main performers shine!


Tiff
I'm so happy, I could do an improvised dance right here!
You had me dancing in the palm of your hand...


Noel
See? This is exactly what I mean.
The problem is that strong Trainers like you just show up out of nowhere!


Maya
What? I won? No WAY!
Now I can brag to my friends that I was defeated by the Champion himerself!


York
I did it! I hope my girlfriend's winning her way up, too.
Waaah! What am I supposed to tell my girlfriend?


Gelete
Hee hee! I hope my boyfriend's able to win like this, too!
*sniff* Fine, then! I'll just vent to my boyfriend!


Savvas
My evasiveness rose sharply!
Some of your Pokémon's moves grazed me...


Madi
Hee hee hee. Just what I wanted!
My mum always says that to my dad!


Keanu
*sigh* I keep getting better at Pokémon, but...
You and your Pokémon seem to have a lot of fun in battles!


Hertz
WE ARE VICTORIOUS. I GIVE THANKS TO MY POKÉMON.
I WISH TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THE HUMAN SOUL...


Raise
You need to raise them more!
They're well raised—that's for sure!


Madlyn
Good babies! Such good babies!
Hey, don't be mean to my babies!


Cornelius
Here, just watch me flex!
I'm not as tough as I look? Oh come on. Don't say that...


Ann
Well, that worked out all right! If I win, that's all that matters!
I'm gonna stop you right there. You're too strong for your own good!


Davis
Maybe not the best motive to start a job, but it's sure made me stronger!
I guess it's just a myth that being a League staff member makes you popular...


Oratoria
Hey, don't make me seem harsh!
Your Pokémon, the way you battle—it's all so grating!


Wenson
The operation is over.
I get very uneasy if I don't have my scalpel with me.


Lia
Hmm, it seems like they could do with a little bit more strength...
They're fit as a fiddle! Nothing to worry about at all!


Elwood
Art and battling, battling and art... Do you understand now?
No need to get so worked up! I'm just making stuff up as I go!


Mika
You're so adorable! I hope we can battle again sometime!
Your battle style isn't cute at all.


Wellington
What I just showed you is the proper, gentlemanly etiquette for battle.
Keep it together, me... You're a gentleman... A gentleman... Blast it all!


Fairamay
You're such a sweet child, letting an old lady like me win and all!
Oh deary me, I look away and I've already lost!


McKinzie
I don't literally wear lots of hats, you know.
They say that he who chases two Meowth catches none. I guess that's true...


Walden
I'm desperate to keep my place here. I can't lose!
Are you going to take away the one place I fit in?!


Waldna
You're the same as everyone else. Such a shame.
You... You're not bad.


Rennie
See? I told you! I'm a proper lady!
Maybe I lost because I don't have enough pocket money...


Curon
A bam and a crash, just like that!
Whaaaaaat?!


Cadet
I win, and then I battle another, stronger Trainer, and...it just keeps going.
I see it now! When you lose, you get frustrated, so you become stronger and try again!


Agila
I know my dream will come true if I keep doing my best!
I won't let one defeat bring me down! I'm serious about my dream!


Laelia
Oh, I'm just joking. My age hasn't even reached double digits yet!
A battle is fine and all, but I was hoping you'd at least react to that joke...


Freeman
I send out my Pokémon, select effective moves... and win.
Agh! My routine!


Marvo
Wrong stop or not, I had fun! I guess it's good to take a breather now and then.
Getting defeated in the Battle Tower... You know, it was actually kind of refreshing.


Prudence
Eek! I hope I didn't upset you...
Eek! Did you just think I was too self-conscious?


Russet
Another victory for cuteness!
My Pokémon are still adorable!


Gunter
Can you guess which station I work at?
What a surprise! Children learn and grow so fast...


Frost
Watch out for my Pokémon as we accelerate toward victory!
Your Pokémon were amazing... like an express train!


Tayster
I win! Now, you must taste my latest dish!
I was hoping I could get you to try my cooking if I'd won...


Brodo
Grazie!
Oh! I don't actually season my Pokémon, you know!


Alby
I'm a wandering day laborer. Don't let my mystery and charm enamor you!
Dug myself into a hole there!


Ultan
Some moves become more powerful if the Pokémon using them is heavy!
Some moves become more powerful if the Pokémon being hit is heavy!


Cyl
Doesn't matter much to me, really. I like working with metal, too!
Oh well, I've had worse days.


Mason
Whew! A refreshing victory!
A helmet can get dreadfully hot inside...


Claus
Critical hits deal an extra 50 percent damage!
Critical hits only land about 4 percent of the time...


Harvey
I won on two hours of sleep! Only two hours, I tell you!
I lost 'cause I'm sleepy... Only two hours of sleep will do that...


Aya
Well, I thought you looked strong, but...
Ha! I knew you were strong! I told you I could tell!


Rachael
I think I'm gonna head home and loaf around with my Pokémon now.
See, this is why I didn't wanna battle in the first place! I'm going home to veg out!


North
Aaaaaand cut! That was perfect!
Take two! Take two! Uh...no take two?


Selmer
I'll send you the video later.
I'm so zoomed in, I can't see a thing!


Sayen
Please, tell me how you feel about your defeat!
OK then, now for that interview... Wait—what? It's over? We're out of time?!


Narra
Now I should interview myself about my amazing victory!
Uh, well then... Back to you folks at the studio!


Trinn
Hee hee... That was a great way to get my pulse up!
Must...swallow...my pride...


Nebula
This is how I gain more fans! Wasn't that easy?
Hey, I wasn't supposed to become YOUR fan!


Heaton
I hope you enjoyed my wide selection of moves.
I'm afraid my move sampling event is coming to its end...


Rister
I'd be happy to have a chat about your Pokémon team whenever you'd like.
A truly impressive assortment of moves! I'll see you again in the Pokémon Center!


Crawly
Each meeting is a miracle! Thank you for adding a little bit more brilliance to my life.
Whether I win or lose doesn't really matter. Either way, I grow as a person!


Lila
Whew! That helped me blow off steam. So, uh... What was I doing again?
Agh! I'm all flustered! How am I suppose to follow leads now?!


Desmond
That'll be ₽2,000,000 per ticket! Oh, but each one does come with a drink!
Pleeease, you gotta buy a ticket! I've got so many left over!


Civaro
Let me show you just how high I can sing!
*ahem* Mi mi mi... ♪


Rondo
Hey, you lost the rhythm! Come on—let's up the BPM!
I lost the rhythm! A slow tempo throws me off...


Haily
Mum, Dad, I'll be home soon!
No, you don't understand—I WANT to go home! Please, let me go home!


Blau
Maybe you're a bit young to join the police, eh?
You've definitely got the talent! Sure you don't want to join us?


Sheriff
Heh, sorry 'bout that. I was just thinkin' back to the old days.
Whoa now... You're more off the rails than I was!


Ghia
Sorry, but I really must get to my yoga class!
Your breathing, your movements... Do you do yoga, too?!


Rita
I'm the only flower that needs to bloom!
This bud... I can't cut it! It won't let me!


Nasser
I-I was so nervous, I couldn't hold back!
Oof! But you're strong! I'd like to battle you again someday!


Bartholomew
Shorts make you strong! Feel the bracing air about your legs, and remember that!
I'm the one to blame here, not the shorts! The shorts did nothing wrong!


Laramie
There are more important things than tests. For me, my Pokémon are one of those things.
OK, guess it's back to revising for me... Let's see—16 times 16 equals 256, and...


Mindy
So did you hear me? It's up to you to decide what you believe.
Crumbs! I spoke aloud!


Townsend
Yes, yes, here it is: your defeat. Just sign here, would you?
Looks like someone nicked my victory...


Walker
Hahaha! See the difference that experience makes?
N-no! I think I threw my back out from the shock!


Fingal
Even if I can't see through my glasses, I can easily find my way to victory!
Everything's gone white! I can't see a thing! Augh, these blasted glasses!


Niel
Come on, then. Give me your arm. It'll just be a little poke...
B-but I want to give someone a jab! Why couldn't you have just let me win?


Angie
Hah! Don't mind me while I soar above you!
Oh no! Looks like I've fallen from grace...


Gracia
Wouldn't you like to come work at RKS Laboratories, too? We're always hiring!
Seems I might need to do a bit more research into how to use Potions most effectively...


Nav
See? Got you to your defeat in no time at all.
See? I got you right ahead to the next match.


Tosh
You can tip me whatever you think I deserve. I think we both know I deserve plenty.
See? I was making sure you'd be comfortable by letting you win. So how about a tip?


Rei
What? You think something's wrong with the way I raise my Pokémon?
Even in top condition, my Pokémon couldn't win! What is this...?


Greta
See, it's not enough to have a great specimen. You've got to know what to do with it.
Wow! You certainly know what to do with a great specimen, don't you?


Chad
So...did you understand all that?
Yup! I got it! That really got through to me!


Reese
How you raise your Pokémon has a lot to do with how they grow!
Please...teach me! I want to know how you've raised your Pokémon!


Wilde
Thank you. And farewell.
That...that was the most pleasurable time I've experienced in a very long while.


Rich
If you spend your money right, you can become incredibly powerful! Gwahahaha!
M-my money...wasn't enough?! Did I go wrong somewhere, or...?


Navin
What a delightful feeling! This is what I never got to taste when every day was the same!
Getting to meet with new people like you is precisely what makes Pokémon so wonderful.


Tansy
Oh yes! Lovely! And winning is great for the skin as well. Takes 10 years right off you!
Oooh! You! Now how am I to face the other ladies at the club?!


Anselm
So, did you pick up how my Pokémon battle? Or were their moves too quick for you?
Now those were quite the moves you showed me!


Hardy
*scritch scritch* Oh, sorry... Did you attack? *scritch scritch* I didn't even notice...
*scritch scritch* You scratched us right out... *scritch scritch* Guess I'll focus on my carving...


Ulster
I didn't even get to show off my moves... Maybe I should battle against Pokémon instead...
If only I'd been the one battling... That's it! My team and I must undergo further training!


Wotson
Wot wot! How d'you like that, then?
Wotcher!


Goodwin
Thank you very much! Very well done! I'd expected nothing less from you!
A fine match! Very well done! I'd expected nothing less from you!


Adrienne
I certainly was able to read your mind. That's how I reeled you right in.
My word, I couldn't get a read on you! No wonder you're the Champion...


Chelsea
Do you prefer sea fishing or river fishing? Favorite bait? Favorite lure?
Next let's have a fishing battle! You will become my fishing buddy, won't you?


Torren
The building's name is actually Rose Tower, but everyone just calls it the Battle Tower!
I should have known better... All these smooth surfaces have nothing to offer a hiker!


Gram
Bwahaha! I'm climbing straight up until I reach the top this time!
And down I go... All the way down to rock bottom...


Nat
You were powerless before the great power of boundless nature!
Nature might be boundless, but it seems my power was not...


Ulva
Oooh, sorry 'bout that! Guess I should've gone a bit easier on you?
I do like young ones who train their Pokémon up to be so strong, like you.


Polly
Please! I'm begging you! Just one night at the Rose of the Rondelands here in Wyndon!
Or do you have a garden at home? Even a bit of grass? Please, just let me stay!


Lazlo
And that's what battle looks like when you don't let up until the last move has been unleashed.
I lost my focus for a single second, and that was it... That was when the battle was lost for me...


Allegra
That was a jolly good time! Thanks! I love Pokémon—don't you?
Even losing the battle, that was a jolly fun match! Let's do it again sometime!


Ander
And so I will continue to battle and battle... Just like my hero, Leader Kabu!
I'm so tired of battle... But still I will battle onward...


Hestia
Well, that's a right shame... I wanted a thorough trouncing to get fired up!
Ahahahah! Brilliant! You're just the thing! That was just what I wanted to feel! Hahaha!


Alan
There's no victory without sacrifice.
How did you manage to seize that sort of strength without giving anything up?!


Eva
I can still ewolve more! But your Ewolution got canceled. Bye-bye!
Did you ewolve more than me? Maybe I need an Ewolution stone...


Cooper
Our department is the best! Nothing better than being truly serious in everything that you do!
B-but our department goals... They won't look leniently on this loss!


Becka
Ahhh! That's the ticket! I feel so much better! All I need beside me is my Pokémon.
Now you've gone and broken my heart, too... At least I've still got my Pokémon beside me...


Leon
Come on—remember our final match! Is this really the best you can do?!
Battling against a Champion like you... It really is the best... And since you managed to defeat me, you'll be moving up the ranks here at the Battle Tower.


Leon
Come on—remember our final match! Is this really the best you can do?!
I'm glad we've got such a strong Champion here in Galar, but even more than that... I'm gutted to have lost! Thanks for always giving me the chance to have the greatest battles. But I don't plan on losing the next one!


Leon
Come on—remember our final match! Is this really the best you can do?!
You and your team are utterly brilliant. You've gone beyond me now... So it's time we move you up a rank! But I don't plan on sitting on my bum. The next time we meet in the Battle Tower, I'll make you regret winning your way to facing me!


Leon
Come on—remember our final match! Is this really the best you can do?!
You never stop surprising me, you know that? I'm really astounded at how far you've come! Right then! Let's move you up a rank! There are no limits when it comes to Pokémon! Keep on having a champion time!


Leon
Come on—remember our final match! Is this really the best you can do?!
When I've got you, and I've got Hop, and I've got Charizard beside me... I feel there's no limit to how strong I can become! It's just like I told you before... There's truly no limit when it comes to Pokémon! We're all going to have a champion time!







































































































































































