Doesn't matter if we win or lose... Let's just have fun!
I might be young, but I hope you won't hold that against me.
I'm not like all the rest of those youngsters you might've battled till now!
Deep breath in, and...deep breath out... No, wait—I'm still not ready for this!
I'm gonna do this! I'm gonna take you on! I'm gonna hold nothing back!
Well, look at you... I think I could go all out if it were against you.
Watch as I show you what my studies have taught me!
I'm the president of my school's Pokémon club!
If I keep making my opponent's Pokémon flinch, then it's like my turn never ever ends!
Crumbs, y-you look strong... I'm not sure I'm up for this...
Oh my word, it's been AGES since I last saw you! How've you been doing?!
Let's battle to decide which one of us has the cutest Pokémon!
Pika pika?
I can relax the best when I'm dressed up like a Pikachu.
Guess what! Guess what! Folks are always telling me my team's real strong!
I'm going to use my Veevee power to make you cry wee, wee, wee all the way home!
I was out playing, and I ended up wandering in here by mistake!
I'm here in my jam jams! Guess I'll battle in jam jams!
I don't go easy on anyone. Not even on children.
I've just popped over for a battle during my break time, so let's make this quick!
Here, let me give you my card... What, you don't have a business card?
I take all the stress I've built up in my workplace and blast it all away with a good battle!
Time to leverage my core competencies! I've got buy-in from all my Pokémon!
I wish I could get paid just for battling Pokémon...
You're the Champion, aren't you?! C-could I get your autograph?
My shorts are from Jetsetter. It's a famous brand, I'll have you know.
Show my Pokémon a bit of love, won't you?
Ah... That's it! I've decided! If I win this match, I'm going to tell my crush exactly how I feel!
Statistically speaking, the odds are 95 percent certain that I'll win!
Do your best in this battle! 'Cause I'm live streaming it all, see!
... ... ... You gonna start this or what?
If I'm good at Pokémon battles, I'll be popular!
It's not just a costume! I really am a Pokémon!
Nice to meetcha, pika! Want a battle, pika pika?
Pokémon with Hidden Abilities are hard to find in the wild, but guess who got lucky?
Your Pokémon shall be my Pokémon's playthings!
If I had to rank my strength, I'd say it's... at the lower end of average.
I don't get enough exercise in my daily life, so I'm here to do some Pokémon battling!
Let's make this a real flashy battle worth posting on all my feeds, OK?
Want to know what kind of work I do around the office?
Pokémon Breeders have to be early risers!
Pokémon that are hatched from Eggs may know unusual moves!
It's love that makes me raise them... And love that makes me battle with them.
All right there? I'm a new Breeder! Charmed, I'm sure!
Safety first! Then Poké Ball second!
Have you been enjoying riding on the trains that I bust my butt to maintain?!
When it comes to battle, my Pokémon have got the heart to take part! Have you?!
I've got a doctor's note. I can't be expected to lift anything heavier than a Poké Ball...
You...you smell strong to me. Or at least like you haven't showered in a while.
I've been training myself up through an online karate class! Hiyah!
I've been living alone up in the mountains and training my Pokémon without distraction!
You can see it, can't you? How positively cut my six-pack is?
Huh? What's going on? Are we supposed to battle now or something?
The people in Galar are all so nice! Are you?
I'm off duty today, mate. I'll not be hearing any of that "the customer is always right" rubbish!
Where to, guv?
The true heart of fishing is being able to wait! And wait...and wait...and wait...
Fancy a spot of fishing? I love me a good bit of fishing.
Hrmmm?! You look right suspicious to me! I think I'll have to take you in for questioning!
I'm not skiving off work—I swear it! This tower is a part of my regular patrol beat!
I'm the living proof that there's no reason you can't be both beautiful and strong! Watch this!
I'm a star on and off the runway. Now see how I shine.
How about a double shot... of defeat?!
I bring richness and depth to everything I do, whether its brewing a drink or battling Pokémon!
I come from one of the great noble houses of the Galar region.
I am here to evaluate the quality of your team, both in terms of strength and appearance.
My Pokémon are as strong as anything! We're gonna show you, you young thing!
All right! I'm up for a battle with you! Let's get this place...ROCKING!
The Pokémon are the lead performers! I'm just a backup dancer!
Let's dance!
It's pretty tough going once you reach this level. Not many make it higher than this.
No WAY! You're the Champion! Get out!! This is, like, the greatest day of my life!
I'm here taking part in the Battle Tower together with my girlfriend!
I'm here taking part in the Battle Tower together with my boyfriend!
I might look like a Pokémon, but don't you dare hit me with any of your moves!
Kneel down before me!
They said I had to come battle here as part of my new-hire orientation, that's all...
I AM A ROBOT IN HUMAN APPEARANCE. I WILL DEEPEN MY TIES WITH POKÉMON.
Are you raising your Pokémon? Or are you not?
My babies are all frightfully cute!
Feast your eyes on the muscles I've developed doing years of hard construction labor!
All right, pack it in! Let's get this battle over and done with!
I joined up as part of the League staff because I heard I'd be popular that way!
People say I seem harsh, but I'm really very nice!
Let's begin the operation... Scalpel, please.
What's this? You'd like me to examine your Pokémon?
Battle is like art in so many ways! But art is completely different than battle!
Hehe! Well, aren't you a cute little thing I get to take on in battle! ♪
I shall show you how a true gentleman battles.
Well, have a look at you! You are the spitting image of my grandchildren, dear.
Student and Trainer! I've got many hats to wear, all right?!
I never fit in with the others at school. This is the only place I really belong!
No one in my class offers me any challenge. I wonder if you'll be any different?
Don't you dare think I'll be an easy pushover just because I'm still a child!
I'm gonna come at you like whoa, then bam, and you're gonna totally be like "whaaat!"
Battling and winning... Tell me—what does it all mean?
When I grow up, my dream is to be Champion!
I've waited 20 years for this day to come!
It's important you don't neglect all the routine tasks, whether it's for work or training Pokémon.
I got off at the wrong stop on the monorail and somehow ended up at the Battle Tower.
Eek! Y-you weren't watching me just now, right?!
I won't raise any Pokémon that don't have adorable backsides to watch in battle!
Hm? I think I've seen you at the station.
Mind the gap between yourself and victory. Mind the gap.
It's mighty strange, but for some reason, folk oft seem to feel poorly after eating my cooking.
Pokémon that have been carefully seasoned with the perfect amount of training... Masterful!
I'm a wandering day laborer. I go where my heart leads, then dig, dig, dig till I can't dig no more.
Hope you're ready for some hard hits! The right moves take weight into consideration!
I'd meant to become a flower arranger, but I ended up as a boilermaker!
My helmet's as durable as my Pokémon!
I'm going to hit your Pokémon right where it hurts! This'll be a critical battle!
I'm sleepy... This is such a pain... I didn't sleep but two hours last night!
When you do this job long enough, you develop a knack for telling who's strong at a glance.
Truth is, I'd rather just be at home, relaxing and vegging out with my Pokémon...
"A Serious Battle"—scene one, take one! Three, two, one, and...action!
I'm gonna film you so up close and personal, your pores are gonna be famous!
Hah...hah... I...I battled all the way here just to get an exclusive interview with you!
I'm live on the scene here at the Battle Tower! What a sight! You getting this back in the studio?
I've heard that Pokémon battling can be a pretty good workout.
Join the legions of my fans!
They call me the connoisseur of moves!
I often see you coming round to the Pokémon Center for a bit of care.
Here I am out on my journey, and I meet you!
Don't blow my cover! I'm part of the International Police, here on a lead about a certain case!
You're coming to my gig tonight, right? You'll buy tickets, right?
People always seemed shocked to find out I'm an opera singer. Guess it must be my face...
There's one thing you really need for battle... A killer sense of rhythm!
It's been three years since I left home to become a star! I'm not going back till I've made it!
You look like a strong one! Ever thought of joining the force?
I was a real bad seed when I was young. Everybody feared me in the neighborhood.
Can we get this over with? I'm due for a yoga class soon!
I nip my competition in the bud before it has the chance to grow. That's how I've made it this far.
B-blimey but I'm nervous... Please be kind!
My shorts are the perfect fit! That means I can't lose!
I've got a test tomorrow that I should be revising for, but I came for a battle instead!
Can you hear me? I'm talking directly to your mind right now.
Postal delivery! I've got a parcel here with your name on it. Oh, look. The contents say "defeat."
I'll walk all over you with the well-developed calves I got from years of making deliveries!
When I wear a surgical mask, it makes my glasses fog up!
Steady on. You don't look very well. I think what you need is a jab.
People call me "the angel in the white coat." Just thought I'd mention it.
RKS Laboratories is like a home to me. I work such long hours, I rarely see my real one...
I've got you covered. Just say the place, and I'll have you there in a heartbeat.
My top priority is your safety and comfort. Which is why I expect you'll pay extra, eh?
Body temperature and weight are both right on track! These Pokémon are in top condition!
Oh-ho? Now this is a promising specimen! I'd definitely like to see more!
Come on! No grumbling accepted here. Let's let our Pokémon do the talking!
What would you say your training style is? Generous and openhanded? Or maybe spartan?
I've grown so weary of all the world's pleasures. Now all I do from dawn to dusk is battle wildly.
Why don't I give you the chance to see the Pokémon I've spent a fortune raising!
My children have all grown and left home. Now I'm embarking on a new life of my own!
I heard the other ladies at the club saying that Pokémon were quite the thing, so here I am.
Heh! If you want to know what moves my Pokémon use, you're about to learn firsthand!
*scritch scritch scritch* Wood carving... *scritch scritch scritch* It's so zen...
After years and years of training, I've finally managed to obtain the ultimate moves!
Wot's this? You my next victim?
Be a good sport. Let's have a fair-and-square battle.
Being able to read a Pokémon's mind... That's the real trick to fishing.
I'm in the market for a fishing buddy! How about you? Care to go fish with me?
Life's got its mountains and its valleys. Just like this tower's got its highs and lows!
I love climbing up to the top, and I love tumbling down to the bottom, too!
I've filled myself with the great power of boundless nature!
All right, there? You strong or what? I'm gonna expect a good battle, yeah?
I-if I win, would you help me get a hotel room for tonight? I'm so tired of camping...
The battle's not over until it's over. Don't let your focus slip!
Winning and losing aren't as important to me as having a right good time!
I battled and battled and battled... All to be standing right here!
Hahaha! Think you can show me a fun time?
I've left behind my family, my friends—everything. The only thing for me is this—the battlefield.
Think you can keep up with the spweed at which I ewolve and change?
Our department takes a real hard-line stance. No lenience for juveniles!
My boyfriend broke my heart... Now I'm ready to break yours!
<var>! I've been waiting for you. Always knew you'd be able to win your way here. Now, how about you take on Challenger Leon with everything that you've got?
Well done, <var>! Just as I knew you'd do! I never expected the Poké Ball Tier would hold you long... Now it's time you and I had some fun!
The Battle Tower is the place to go if you want to see how Trainers dedicated to growing stronger live and do battle. Looks as though your own strength is about as amazing as ever, <var>. But I'll not just take your word for it!
My dream has always been to make the people of the Galar region stronger. And this Battle Tower is making that dream come true! So come on, <var>! Think you and I can get even stronger, too? A fierce battle is the only way to do it!
Looking back at when I first met you in Wedgehurst, the path to this place feels... well, short in one way, but so long in others. Allow me to be the one who faces you in the greatest-ever match here at the Battle Tower!
I knew you had it in you, <var>! I was sure you and your Pokémon would blast right through the first stage of the Battle Tower! But don't go thinking you've seen all the Battle Tower has to offer. We're only getting started!
Your Pokémon certainly look delighted to battle alongside you, <var>! But of course they do! They're lucky enough to battle with a Trainer who knows just how to draw out the best of them! That's it. I'm gonna be sure to draw out even more of my own team members from now on, too!
The strong desire to win! That's the trigger that makes you accumulate new skills and transform experience into strength! And you and your team—you've got a real great desire to win, don't you! Love it! But you still haven't seen the real challenge the Battle Tower is waiting to throw at you!
Now, that's an absolutely champion time! The stronger you get, the more the Trainers here at the Battle Tower burn with the desire to be the one to beat you and break your streak! Their Pokémon are all sharpening their teeth and claws in anticipation! And I'll be putting together my greatest ever team, too. Naturally! So, do your best to reach me once again!
The greatest battle of the Battle Tower is over... But at least since it was between you and me... No, since it was between your team and mine, we managed to make it one brilliant match! Champion! I hope this isn't the last time I get to meet you in battle! Keep challenging me! So that I can keep reaching ever greater heights!

Please select a battle format and the Pokémon you'd like to take part.
Then in you go!
Thank you for coming. This is the Battle Tower!
Can I help you with something?
Would you like to continue battling?
Good work in there! The Battle Tower is ready whenever you are!
Oh, that's a shame to see... We look forward to your next challenge.
Congratulations! You've moved up in the ranks! You're now Rank <var>!
You've earned a reward for moving up through the ranks!
The Judge function has been unlocked! You can now use it in your Boxes!
You can now choose which background music you'd like to listen to in the Battle Tower!
Congratulations on the fine job defeating Leon in the Master Ball Tier! We have a special Ribbon for the Pokémon in your party!
The Battle Tower is quite what it says on the tin. It's a place where you can have Pokémon battles. You can battle following the same rules as you might in Ranked Battles. If you win, you can earn Rare Candies and BP. You can use Rental Teams, too, so no worries that you need a perfect team of your own to take part!
I want to battle
Tell me about this place
No, thanks
Keep battling
You obtained <var> <var>!
You earned <var> BP!
You got Leon's rare League Card!
You got a new uniform!
Lend me a team!
Never mind
Lend me this team!
Tell me about this team!
Show me another team!
You want to borrow one of my Battle Teams?
Come talk to me whenever you want to borrow a proper team of Pokémon.
What sort of team would you like to take for a spin?
Ah... Looks like you've rented all the teams you can right now.
You're interested in this Battle Team?
Put 'em through their paces!
You're already borrowing this team.
Basic Team
Skill Team
Tough Team
Rain Team
Slow Team
Never mind
This team is good for Single Battles! It's a nice, simple team that's built around three Pokémon close to the heart of anyone in Galar. Take a good hard look at what types of Pokémon your opponent is sending out, then choose one of these great allies to send out yourself!
This team is good for Single Battles! The Pokémon on this team know tons of moves that can help them boost their stats in battle. Send out Duraludon first and have it use Reflect or Light Screen to get a defensive advantage, then swap in others as fit for the situation!
This team is good for Single Battles! This almighty team is ready for any opponents. Of course they can unleash heavy hit after heavy hit, but if you also use their status moves wisely, then you might even be able to pull out a win against opponents that might usually put you in a real sticky situation!
This rain-ready team is good for Double Battles! Falling rain can boost the power of their moves or trigger certain Abilities, so start by sending out Pelipper first to get the rain going and get this team rolling!
This team is good for Double Battles! They might look real slow to start with, but all you need is a good Trick Room, and suddenly your slow bulky team will be a fast bulky team! Lucario will be great support if you know how to use it, so hurry straight into a Trick Room!

And that's not all! You've reached the <var>!

That drops you down a rank, I'm afraid...
I'll give you one of my League Cards... And not just any old one—this is a rare one!
All right! You should take this. I reckon it'll fit you as well as it could anyone.
Mr. Al Rent
You rented <var>!
