No ID Trainer
No ID Trainer
No ID Trainer
It's common manners for Pokémon Trainers to battle when their eyes meet.
Whenever there's a strong Trainer, I always look right at them...
If you don't want to battle, it's important to make sure you aren't seen by other people when you're walking around.
I couldn't beat Hop, but I'm gonna beat you!
Lose to wild Pokémon... Lose to many Trainers...
Pokémon hiding in the tall grass or Trainers waiting along the route—which one you choose is up to you!
Cute and strong, together in combination!
Are we cute and nothing more? It looks like our strength still has a ways to go...
Pokémon have types. Fire is strong against Grass, Grass is strong against Water, and Water is strong against Fire. Remember that, and you'll get really strong!
Young Pokémon Trainer, won't you honor me with a battle?
Oho? It seems you're already quite used to Pokémon battles...
I'm someone who can't help but look forward to seeing how strong you'll get. I'll support you from now on!



You saw the opening ceremony, right? Then you know why I'm excited and want to battle!
I lost! But I'm still excited!
I'm gonna participate in the Gym Challenge next year!
I've been studying foreign languages, computers, and Pokémon!
What?! I lost... My Pokémon savvy wasn't enough?
I should find even more about Pokémon to like— that way, I'll learn more about them. Like how if you lower their HP, they get easier to catch!
Oh! Instead of a Pokémon, I found a Trainer! I'll have to check how strong you are!
Yeowch! Your Pokémon isare way too strong!
Losing's really painful, so I'll raise my partner Pokémon, too!
Were you thinking of passing through without even looking at my Pokémon?
Win or lose, I don't mind! I just wanted to show off my Pokémon!
If we're talking who's poured more love into their Pokémon, I'm clearly the winner!
I'll show you what I carry! Letters and victory!
Turns out I was carrying your victory.
Letters filled with thoughts and emotions... One must carry them gently.
Every Pokémon's got a type or two. And every type has strong points and weak ones.
I'm weak to people older than me...
Try switching Pokémon when you've got a bad matchup in battle!
My work partner and I are in perfect sync even in battle!
Hmm. Looks like we weren't in sync...
We're in perfect sync when we work together, though...
Working women are good at Pokémon battles, too!
Your Pokémon... I want to scout itthem!
Working Pokémon have a special something that really shines!
In order to do good work, I can't slack off on training!
You made for some good training.
Training is important in all things. Persevering with your training is even more important!
I was looking around for items, but I found a Trainer.
If only I'd used an item effectively when I was in a pinch.
Use items you pick up. They're like a gift from someone.
I'm doing special training while camping to train my Pokémon! The finishing touch will be a battle with you!
I was sure my Pokémon were in top condition...
My special training... I played and ate so much tasty food, and it didn't even work?
Fifty years of raising Pokémon! Did you come to see the progress of my work?
Well, I didn't raise them for 50 years.
I see! Even if Pokémon are in top shape, if the Breeder is really just a beginner, it's tough to win!
What do you think? I look just like a Pikachu, right?
Pikaaa?!
I thought it'd be a really good strategy to distract you by having you think both the Trainer and the Pokémon were Pikachu...
I'm an Eevee! I'm full of possibilities!
I'm an Eevee... I'm downhearted because I lost.
I'm an Eevee! When I grow up, what type of Pokémon do you think I'll evolve into?
Appearing with a "Pika!"
I'm so downhearted...
I'll go take a kip and rest comfortably inside a Poké Ball!
OK, now I say, "A wild Poké Kid appeared!"
Oh... It's already over.
I dress like this because I want to understand the feelings of Pokémon.
Welcome, Gym Challenger! Sorry, but I'll have to send you packing. It's my job.
As expected! A Gym Challenger and their Pokémon are in perfect sync with each other!
Whoa! When you beat a Gym Trainer, the Gym's Yamper will stand still for a bit. Which means your Gym mission gets a tad easier!
I wonder if your Pokémon wants to use itstheir moves with all itstheir strength and feel great.
I'll give a "bow wark" instead of Yamper!
Youth! Open the gate! Seize the future!
The Gym Leader lies just ahead of you! But that doesn't mean you'll be reaching him.
Next is the Gym Leader, right? What a strong challenger...
Many Gym Challengers come here to battle, but...there's something that really shines about you!
'Ello, 'ello, what's all this then? Fancy a scrap with a copper?
You've got some Pokémon with you there. Your battle technique is bang on, too!
You should have no problems traveling alone. I've seen enough to know you can handle yourself.
Time for a special interview with a Gym Challenger! The best way to get to know you is a Pokémon battle, of course!
Since I'm gathering information, you should bring at least two Pokémon.
It's hard to describe it in just a few words— what incredible potential!
With your strength, you're sure to keep winning during your Gym Challenge! Please let me get an interview again sometime!
Good Pokémon and Trainers really shine on-camera!
You need at least two Pokémon to take me on.
I lost! Does that mean the interview is ruined?
Your Pokémon look great even when I view them through the camera!
I'd like to show you my Pokémon that have grown so well.
I wasn't sure which moves to use and got lost in thought.
I was chased by Pokémon in the tall grass and ended up wandering aimlessly.
Oho! I found a Trainer whilst gathering Berries!
I should have given my Pokémon a Berry when its HP got low...
Different Pokémon love different Berries, so you've got to gather a lot of different kinds!
My partner Pokémon's been growing in a really unique way. Check it out.
Pokémon are living creatures after all. You can't always raise them how you want.
Raising Pokémon unselfishly means that they'll show you their new capabilities.
Keep this to yourself, but... I'm having Pokémon help with my work.
You're a Trainer who's stronger than me and the Pokémon that can do my work.
When I get stuck with my work, I have my Pokémon pet me.
Work to raise the good points of a Pokémon. Don't...don't worry about its bad points.
I'll accept that I lost, but I'm not gonna let it bother me that much.
More than focusing on what you can't do, it's important to enjoy what you can do in life!
Welcome to Hulbury Stadium! Ready to bask in the beauty of Water-type moves?
Huh? Tympole and I were the ones who got soaked?
A battle between you and Gym Leader Nessa is sure to excite Gym Challenge fans!
Pressing a button stops the water...but you've got to think about the order, too.
I wasn't sure about the right thing to do in that battle...
The order of the buttons... There's only one right order to press them all in.
What? You made it this far? And you want to... battle me?
With that strength, it's no wonder you beat me and my Pokémon...
Usually the last Trainer in a Gym is pretty strong, but I don't have a lot of confidence, so they let me stay back here...
When I'm tired of work, it's time for a battle! I'll show you the muscles I've built up!
The muscles I use for work and for battle are different!
This is just something I overheard, but... Two Pokémon of the same species can have different strengths!
My Pokémon is bursting with energy. What I mean to say is...please battle me!
A loss is a loss! My Pokémon lost its energy, too!
When you've got too much energy, you need to let those feelings out. Battles are a good way to do that.
Steam power can send any opponent flying!
What incredible power! Guess I was the one sent flying.
Railways were built all across the Galar region a long time ago when the steam engine was built.
My supercute Pokémon is interested in your Pokémon.
Your Pokémon isare way too strong! You'll be safe no matter where you go.
My supercute Clefairy can evolve by using some kind of stone, I think!
Battling is important to better understand Pokémon.
We want to see more than one Pokémon.
Ah! I just get so, so, so concerned when I see injured Pokémon.
The world would be a better place if there was no need for doctors.
Time for a checkup!
I want to check lots of Pokémon. Two! Bring at least two!
What is real strength? I'm very curious!
A strong Trainer understands their Pokémon better than anyone else in the world.
I came from far away to watch the Gym Challenge. I'd love the opportunity to battle a Gym Challenger.
Muy dramático! Fantástico!
The Gym Challenge sure looks tough. You can't get ahead if you don't win. I think we'll just continue our carefree journey.
A model who's also strong in battle—that's who I am.
Even if I lose who I am, the charm of Pokémon will never fade.
Even compared to Pokémon, I should still stand out... Probably!
Are you making curry? Are you filling your Curry Dex?
The strength of you and your Pokémon has made my mouth go numb!
I'm so hooked on the Curry Dex that gathering ingredients has become the main focus of my travels!
Pokémon is art, too, if we both give it our all!
Your moves were beautiful... Oh my, I'm completely fascinated by them.
The greatest art is drawn from Pokémon and their Trainer in a battle!
You look pretty dizzy. Are you sure you can battle in that condition?
I'm dizzy... No, I'm completely dazzled. What an incredible battle!
You have something special in you. Bring out your wonderful talent.
Our Gym mission is like a theme-park attraction! What do you think?
What a formidable battle style! I can feel a good sense of balance coming from you.
I purposely spin around to get myself dizzy. That way, I can train my balance.
Our job is to defeat all the reckless Gym Challengers!
Thank you for reminding me of what it was like to be a Gym Challenger!
I want to support strong Gym Challengers! Keep winning through to the end!
Spin the teacups too much, and Gym Challengers go flying!
I lost. My consciousness has been sent flying.
Gym Challenger! Just how high will you fly? Don't tie yourself down.
Back and forth, back and forth—you're spinning. Back and forth, back and forth—me too.
Losing made me remember...the Gym Leader wears a mask...
Beneath the Gym Leader's mask... What does he look like? I wonder...
Can you understand what Ghost-type Pokémon are weak to? I don't think so.
If you understand type matchups, it's only natural that it'd be easier to win.
Even if you don't hit weaknesses, it's fine as long as you win, right?
Are you looking for mushrooms? They give off light when you touch them!
Hey, a strong Trainer! That's rarer than rare mushrooms!
It's said that there're some rare mushrooms in Glimwood Tangle, so I'm hoping to make some good curry if I find any.
Some mushrooms react in interesting ways when you touch them.
Madames like me react in sad ways when we're defeated...
Mushrooms that you touch will start glowing... But their glowing dims as time goes by.
The railways are amazing! They can carry lots of people and Pokémon at once!
One's not enough! I like a battle with lots of Pokémon.
A good way to forget the trouble of this loss would be to ride the train.
The railways are amazing! Watching the scenery rush by out the window and arriving at the station... What an incredible time!
I came to ride a Galar train... I wonder if meeting you will change my life.
A battle with lots of Pokémon! Bring at least two Pokémon!
Too strong... Guess I'll look for someone I can actually beat...
There are lots of people more and less amazing than you, so don't mind others too much.
As a model, I'll show off the appeal of my partner Pokémon!
What a great Trainer you are! You really showed off the appeal of your partner Pokémon.
I want to become someone everyone wants to be like...just like the Champion!
Being a taxi driver means I've got to be ready anytime, anywhere. Pokémon battles are the same...anytime, anywhere.
No matter where I go in my taxi, loss and loneliness seem to follow...
One of the troubling things about being a driver is that sometimes Corviknight will take off and forget the customer.
I acknowledge your strength. Please indulge me in a contest of strength and wits.
Ah, see? Exactly as I had thought.
To live without making enemies... That is the way of a gentleman.
I shall now closely examine the health of your Pokémon.
When Pokémon aren't healthy, it drags our mood down, too.
When people are healthy, they tend not to realize how valuable that health is.
You can compare life to a journey, but the end of your life isn't the same as a journey's goal.
Even if you fail, it's not the end. You can stand up and fight back.
I've met and battled many Gym Challengers. I hope everyone reaches their goals.
My live concert is open to all, and you'll be attending!
Hmm, guess the rhythm between me and my partner was off.
One day...I really want to jam with Piers...
Succeeding as a businessman depends on communication. I get along perfectly with my Pokémon!
This should be special, so show me at least two Pokémon!
I'll sell this victory to you! I'm short on pocket change!
Let me check my schedule! There's nothing to be gained by fretting over a loss!
I'm super cute, but I'm carrying superduper-strong Pokémon!
Seriously? Only one Pokémon? I don't want to battle you like that.
Your Pokémon isare strong AND cute?!
I'm strong and cute, so Pokémon that are strong and cute suit me best.
Gym Challenger, if it's all right, I will be your training partner.
My Pokémon did their best but they couldn't compete! Good luck in the future!
A long time ago, police officers used to ride on horse Pokémon.
Hey, you used to walking around in Circhester Stadium yet?
You battled so confidently... I see! You've got to have confidence!
The trick to walking around here is to be careful but confidently press on straight forward. That should work.
Rock types are really, really, really, really amazing!
Did I...make you understand how amazing Rock types are?
Rock types have higher Sp. Def during a sandstorm—they become super tough. That's why they're amazing!
Gordie's amazing qualities... Number one! He's cool and fashionable!
Gordie's amazing qualities... Number two! He's lively and stylish!
Gordie's amazing qualities... Number three! He's popular with girls! Ugh! I want to be like that!
Gym Challenger! I know you're there.
Even though I knew you were there, I couldn't see a path to victory.
The path you will follow... I see that it's a road of victory.
As long as I've got Ice-type Pokémon with me, I can stay totally chill.
What?! There's no way I could lose!
As long as I've got Ice-type Pokémon with me, I can stay totally chill...
Gym Challenger, I'll freeze you and your Pokémon solid and shatter you into tiny pieces.
I got smashed to tiny pieces...along with my pride...
Ice types don't freeze! They have a lot of weaknesses, but I won't stop loving them.
Gym Challenger, are you aiming to battle Melony, too?
Oh no! She might get cross at me if she hears I lost to a challenger.
Melony is merciless when she battles to ensure that she'll win. It's not a fighting style that everyone likes, but that's all right.
Continue forward, even if you can't see where you're going. That's Circhester Stadium's Gym mission.
Just like you won because you believed in your Pokémon, believe in yourself and move forward.
Don't get careless. I thought I'd reached the end when I suddenly fell in a pit.
Meeting a Trainer can only mean battle! What a simple concept.
The stronger one always wins. How simple...
See the image and cast your line. It's simple... That means it's profound...
My Pokémon are all pumped up from dancing with me. Are you ready for us?
Wow! You and your Pokémon make a combo that throws out moves like an elegant dance!
I want my Pokémon to learn some moves that are like dancing.
Witness the results of the training I did together with Pokémon!
Hiyah! I lost! Looks like I'll need more training!
If I give it everything I got, then maybe I'll be able to beat the Champion... Maybe.
Aim for your opponent's weak spots, and strike! That's all there is to it.
To use four moves... That's all it should take!
I heard that a long time ago there was a great detective in Galar who used a martial art called baritsu...
Whether it's fishing or Pokémon battles, type matchups are important!
Losing with a spiky Pokémon makes my heart feel prickly.
No matter how good you are at fishing, if you try to fish where there are no Pokémon, you won't find anything!
I've finished all my warm-ups! OK, let's battle with everything we've got!
I got tired from the warm-ups. My Pokémon and I gave it too much.
Doing things in moderation is important, but it just doesn't feel satisfying.
Swimming trains muscles! Muscles launch moves!
To deal with the shock of losing, I'm going to swim far, far away.
There are swimming experts who can swim all the way to the Kalos region.
I'm all rested up, so how about you be my opponent?
I'm a mermaid... I want to return to the ocean...
I was looking for Berries to let my Pokémon hold.
I'm doing research to see if one day I can swim anywhere with my beloved Toxapex.
Is this the limit of Water types? No, I can still come up with more!
I wonder if I added a fin to a swimsuit, would I be able to swim faster? But Toxapex doesn't really swim all that often.
Sing! Dance! Let's make this a party hall!
I always end up singing a depressing song when I lose...
If Pokémon and moves are mixed in, too, we'll have an amazing vibe!
Who cares about losing... Guess I'll just sing an annoying song.
If I dance, I shine! My Pokémon shines brighter, too!
It's a team, so it'd be better if you had at least two Pokémon!
Dancing is the best way to stay healthy!
I wouldn't have lost if it was a dance battle! We should both focus on our strengths.
Do you have any injured Pokémon? I'm a doctor.
What's this, what's this? My Pokémon ended up injured.
A strong Trainer like you has probably seen many injured Pokémon... Must be pretty tough.
Only do what you can. Taking risks while mountain climbing is dangerous.
You won't be able to beat a strong opponent without pushing the limits of what's possible.
Slowly increasing what you can do is a good way to level yourself up.
Waha! A Pokémon Trainer! What should I do? I don't really want to battle.
I think I got mixed up somewhere around my first Pokémon.
I lost, but there was a lot that I learned. So in that way, I actually won!
The post... I wonder just how long we can keep on carrying letters like this.
I lost... When I think about it... I didn't want it to ever end!
The feelings of letters only gain meaning after they are delivered to people. Even if it was the last letter ever sent, I'd carry it no matter what!
Do you know the old legend that says that Galar is doomed if Corviknight ever disappear?
I actually don't know much about the old Corviknight legend...
I pride myself on my strong Corviknight that carries customers while flying.
I get more nervous about battles than work...
When I do business, I'm called a businessman. So when I battle, should I be called a battleman?
Being together with Pokémon... It's really amazing if you think about it.



The way you carry yourself... You are something!
Oh! Your Pokémon isare simply marvelous!
In Galar, we've shown our dear Pokémon to each other and shown respect to each other since ancient times.
It's been a while! I'm glad we could meet up again. Let's see how strong you've gotten.
Since I'm gathering information, you should bring at least two Pokémon.
What strength! I'm at a loss for words... Nice work, everyone!
If you win the Gym Challenge, I'll be requesting an exclusive interview.
Great Pokémon and Trainers really shine with something special when they're on-camera!
You need at least two Pokémon to take me on.
I lost! But it's all right. I was able to assess your strength.
I can't stop watching your Pokémon from through the camera lens! They've got some kind of aura about them!
The power of Grass has wilted... What an incredible Gym Challenger!
I may proudly be the strongest member of this Gym, but I was totally washed away!
A gGreat Pokémon and a great Trainer! It's no surprise that you won!
You beat my two Pokémon with your one?! You and that Grookey are too much!
You beat my two Pokémon with your one?! You and that Scorbunny are too much!
You beat my two Pokémon with your one?! You and that Sobble are too much!
Oof! Gutted that I lost... But I'd expect nothing less from my rival!
Oof! Gutted that I lost... But I'd expect nothing less from my rival!
Oof! Gutted that I lost... But I'd expect nothing less from my rival!
Went lookin' for a fight, and I lost... I'm so pathetic...
I came to see the Gym Challenge openin' ceremony, but this is awful!
You and your Pokémon broke through!
I wasn't able...to properly greet you.
I lost! My leg pain's back, so it's a double shock!
Huh? Seriously? You've gotta be kiddin'... It's over already? Wha—?!
It would've been better if you'd just lost to us...
Did I lose as a member of Team Yell? Or was I beaten as a Gym Trainer?
We both got ourselves the same Grass Badge, so how come you're so much stronger?!
We both got ourselves the same Grass Badge, so how come you're so much stronger?!
We both got ourselves the same Grass Badge, so how come you're so much stronger?!
Are you gonna yell at us 'cause we up an' yell-lost?
If I'd used a horn, would I have had a better chance of winnin'?
My strategy goes right to pot when I've got all these bad thoughts running through my head...
My strategy goes right to pot when I've got all these bad thoughts running through my head...
My strategy goes right to pot when I've got all these bad thoughts running through my head...
I felt the fighting spirit of your Pokémon as you led itthem in battle.
I nearly lost my mask from the shock... That was...wow. I can see your skill for what it is.
This has to be some kind of mistake. I demand a do-over.
Your pink is still lacking, but you're an excellent Trainer with ansome excellent Pokémon.




This is rubbish... My team can't perform if I can't get my own head straight as their Trainer...
This is rubbish... My team can't perform if I can't get my own head straight as their Trainer...
This is rubbish... My team can't perform if I can't get my own head straight as their Trainer...
I just want to climb into a hole... Well, I guess it'd be more like falling from here.
I just want to climb into a hole... Well, I guess it'd be more like falling from here, right?
*sigh* I wanna go back to Spikemuth. I really do.
What's with that?! My Pokémon didn't get a chance to really do their thing at all. Ugh!
I might have lost, but I still look good. Maybe I should snap a quick selfie...
OK, so I lost... But I got to see a lot of the good points of you and your Pokémon!
<var>... Thanks, mate. I'm really glad you were the one here with me.
<var>... Thanks, mate. I'm really glad you were the one here with me.
<var>... Thanks, mate. I'm really glad you were the one here with me.
Having to give up my pocket money... Losing means I'm back in the red...
Nobody can beat Macro Cosmos Construction when it comes to our dedication to our work!
Nobody can beat MC Insurance when it comes to our dedication to our work!
Nobody can beat Macro Cosmos Air when it comes to our dedication to our work!
*sigh* I wasn't able to win... Oleana...you really are a hopeless woman.
I couldn't win, but at least I was able to show everyone how great Fairy types are.




I'd forgotten how great Pokémon battles are! It's been so long since I battled... That sure was satisfying.
My time as Champion is over... But what a champion time it's been! Thank you for the greatest battle I've ever had!
If you stand your ground with everything you got, it doesn't matter what's right or wrong.
To be cautious and wary—that's the trick to survival.
I play a strong Trainer. I'm a method actor, so I became a Trainer in real life, too.





Doubles... There's a lot to think about with them. It makes them difficult, but fun, too!
The weather is fickle! Victory and defeat are even more fickle!
Cooperation between Trainers and their Pokémon just brings out their strength even more!
Team Yell's supposed to be helping out, but they just don't know when to quit...
I wasn't sure if it was better to try to mess with your head or concentrate on your Pokémon. And I was the one who ended up losing focus.
Did I lose as a member of Team Yell? Or was I beaten as a Gym Trainer?
You handle the rest! I'll leave 'em to you! I'm sure you can handle this!
You handle the rest! I'll leave 'em to you! I'm sure you can handle this!
You handle the rest! I'll leave 'em to you! I'm sure you can handle this!
Ahhh... How? How could I lose? This battle of all battles...
Ahhh... How? How could I lose? This battle of all battles...
Ahhh... How? How could I lose? This battle of all battles...
I need some supportive yells. Especially when I lose...
My time as Champion is over... But what a champion time it's been! Thank you for the greatest battle I've ever had!
My time as Champion is over... But what a champion time it's been! Thank you for the greatest battle I've ever had!
Was that really good training? Looks like I'd better keep my guard up!
Was that really good training? Looks like I'd better keep my guard up!
Was that really good training? Looks like I'd better keep my guard up!
And so we prove that the strongest and most amazing of all is...actually you!
I see... Well, that's fine. I wasn't really trying all that hard anyway.
You beat me... Guess you must not be too bad after all, huh?
Sorry! I'll leave the rest to you!
Sorry! I'll leave the rest to you!
Sorry! I'll leave the rest to you!
I must've got a bit carried away, bein' in this swanky hotel and all. Sorry for gettin' in yer way.
I still can't even beat you, my true rival... But I think I'm starting to see the light!
I still can't even beat you, my true rival... But I think I'm starting to see the light!
I still can't even beat you, my true rival... But I think I'm starting to see the light!
We're Team Yell! We get up in the faces of Trainers!
I was too distracted by that bike... Otherwise, there's no way I'd lose to a yell-ow belly like you!
Blimey, even your battles are too noisy...
Ugh! Why d'you 'ave to be such a bother?!
You had no problem handling our surging might. It's no wonder that you won.
Your strength nearly made me want to turn and run in my bare feet!
Maybe my mask...kept me from seeing just how strong you really are...
Losing in the Finals is pretty rough, but I suppose I'd better take a quick shot to remember it by...
I didn't expect there to be such a gap between you and me, mate...
I didn't expect there to be such a gap between you and me, mate...
I didn't expect there to be such a gap between you and me, mate...
Oh... How can this be? My...my Pokémon...
Oh... How can this be? My...my Pokémon...
What?! No... It couldn't be...could it? Did...did I actually just get in everyone's way?
What?! No... It couldn't be...could it? Did...did I actually just get in everyone's way?
What?! No... It couldn't be...could it? Did...did I actually just get in everyone's way?
Dynamaxing is all brute strength, no strat... That's why I hate it!
It's frustratin' that we weren't able to go toe-to-toe with a Dynamax Pokémon for longer...
That was an impressive Dynamax... It washed me clean away!
Galar's in trouble. Why am I wasting time like this?!
Surely this must be some kind of mistake... Wouldn't you say, Younger Brother?
Tch... Quite the vexing predicament indeed, Older Brother!
Sorry, mate! You've gotta take it from here!
Sorry, mate! You've gotta take it from here!
Sorry, mate! You've gotta take it from here!
This must be some mistake! I mean, I'm the one who's the Gym Leader!
Oho... My noble Pokémon...
Oho... My noble Pokémon...
Thanks to you and Lee, I'll keep on getting stronger... I know it!
Thanks to you and Lee, I'll keep on getting stronger... I know it!
Thanks to you and Lee, I'll keep on getting stronger... I know it!
Thanks to you and Lee, I'll keep on getting stronger... I know it!
Thanks to you and Lee, I'll keep on getting stronger... I know it!
Thanks to you and Lee, I'll keep on getting stronger... I know it!
You showed at least a little effort, so I decided I should let you win!
Heh heh heh! I hope that battle was a delicate, sweet taste for you!
Heh heh heh! I hope that battle was refreshing and smooth for you!
Heh heh heh! I hope that battle was a complex, bitter experience for you!
You won the battle of focus...
I didn't expect you to be able to breach Dottler's solidity!
But Rotom changes its type and moves when it changes its form!
Yeah I lost, but I'm gonna learn from your battle style and everythin'!
<var>! Or I guess I should call you the new Champion now! I want you to show me a champion time!
You're quite a different Champion than I was— just as you should be! You'll show us a new future!
Thanks, new Champion! These all-out battles of ours will help me grow. I think it's safe to say you're the best Champion that Galar has ever seen!
<var>! Or I guess I should call you the new Champion now! I want you to show me a champion time!
You're quite a different Champion than I was— just as you should be! You'll show us a new future!
Thanks, new Champion! These all-out battles of ours will help me grow. I think it's safe to say you're the best Champion that Galar has ever seen!
<var>! Or I guess I should call you the new Champion now! I want you to show me a champion time!
You're quite a different Champion than I was— just as you should be! You'll show us a new future!
Thanks, new Champion! These all-out battles of ours will help me grow. I think it's safe to say you're the best Champion that Galar has ever seen!
I want to become a legend in Galar... No, a legend for the whole world! And if I want to do that, I need to beat both you and my big bro!
Ugh! Gutted! You're always one step ahead of me, mate!
Even the pages detailing my defeats will add to the tale of my brilliant legend! But I don't plan on losing to you again! As your rival, I promise I'll win next time!
I want to become a legend in Galar... No, a legend for the whole world! And if I want to do that, I need to beat both you and my big bro!
Ugh! Gutted! You're always one step ahead of me, mate!
Even the pages detailing my defeats will add to the tale of my brilliant legend! But I don't plan on losing to you again! As your rival, I promise I'll win next time!
I want to become a legend in Galar... No, a legend for the whole world! And if I want to do that, I need to beat both you and my big bro!
Ugh! Gutted! You're always one step ahead of me, mate!
Even the pages detailing my defeats will add to the tale of my brilliant legend! But I don't plan on losing to you again! As your rival, I promise I'll win next time!
I want to become a legend in Galar... No, a legend for the whole world! And if I want to do that, I need to beat both you and my big bro!
Ugh! Gutted! You're always one step ahead of me, mate!
Even the pages detailing my defeats will add to the tale of my brilliant legend! But I don't plan on losing to you again! As your rival, I promise I'll win next time!
I want to become a legend in Galar... No, a legend for the whole world! And if I want to do that, I need to beat both you and my big bro!
Ugh! Gutted! You're always one step ahead of me, mate!
Even the pages detailing my defeats will add to the tale of my brilliant legend! But I don't plan on losing to you again! As your rival, I promise I'll win next time!
I want to become a legend in Galar... No, a legend for the whole world! And if I want to do that, I need to beat both you and my big bro!
Ugh! Gutted! You're always one step ahead of me, mate!
Even the pages detailing my defeats will add to the tale of my brilliant legend! But I don't plan on losing to you again! As your rival, I promise I'll win next time!
It's time to prove I'm a notch above the competition to everyone in the Galar region. Though I suppose everyone should know by now.
Why did I have the misfortune of being born in the same time period as you...?
If it weren't for you, then I could prove beyond doubt that I am the best... Still, I do enjoy my battles with you...to a degree.
Don't think I'm the same Milo as in the Gym Challenge! You're the great Champion, after all. It'd be rude not to go all out!
The power of Grass has been wilted... You're quite the Champion!
Soon you'll be the one to face down Gym Challengers aiming for your title. I can't wait to see what talent grows!
I'm sure you remember, but I'm Nessa. And I'm not here to chat. I'm here to win!
I just don't get it. What do I gotta do to beat you, huh?
I have my best team, and we train and we train... But then you're always just one step ahead. Maybe that's why I can't stop thinking about you.
A tournament that ends when you lose! Whoever can keep up the heat will win!
A gGood Pokémon and a great Trainer! It's no surprise that you won!
I really enjoy battling you. It's a great way for me to feel my own growth! And I plan to keep growing and battling, until I become an old coot that nobody can beat!
Focusing too much on winning can cause one to make mistakes. I will face you with a clear head!
Your Pokémon... They're so strong, they're practically dizzying!
I want to achieve so many different things during battles. It's hard to decide sometimes... I still have much to learn.
...Let's start the match.
I'm glad I had my mask... I was making quite the face just now...
...The only reason I can battle in front of so many people without completely losing my cool is thanks to you, Champion. Battles with you are so absorbing that they simply make me forget myself or where I am.
Well, it's a pleasure to have a chance to play with you again. No quizzes this time! I'm going all out!
You're starting to have enough pink about you. Figure out for yourself what I mean by pink!
I wanted to make sure Bede was doing a proper job as a Gym Leader, so I decided to join. Though to be honest, things are rather boring since I retired, so this is the perfect distraction.
I've got nothing to say. I'm here to win.
I've been crushed! I pride myself on my solid Pokémon, and yet this...
Sorry to lose my cool... I'll be sure to challenge you again.
So what are your top 10 favorite Pokémon? ...That's just how I break the ice. Are you ready for a Pokémon battle now?
I think you took breaking the ice a little too literally...
It helps inspire my Gym Trainers if I participate in this tournament from time to time! My only choice is to keep aiming for that grand victory!
I'll get the audience pumped up, even without usin' Dynamax!
That's it?! Piers doesn't do encores, but I admit I'm tempted right now!
Battlin' you makes me wanna try out a new battle style. Maybe a Pokémon battle and a gig combined. What do you think, huh? Could sound battles be a thing?
I'm going to defeat the Champion, win the whole tournament, and prove to the world just how strong the great Raihan really is!
I look this good even when I lose. It's a real curse. Guess it's time for another selfie!
Considering how many likes the photos of my defeats to you get, I bet a victory photo would just explode! Wait... Have I got my priorities mixed up?
If I want people to properly respect me as the new Spikemuth Gym Leader, I need to show just how amazin' I am by defeatin' you!
I mean, if you're gonna win, you could at least win in a way that makes me look good, right?
I've been losin' to you since the Gym Challenge, and I'm gettin' a bit fed up! You'd better battle me again!
I didn't do as well in the Gym Challenge as I'd hoped, but...this tournament is different! You'll see!
That was not what I wanted! No, no, no, no, no, no, no! NO!
I'm going to keep participating in this tournament until I'm satisfied! So you should keep coming, too, Champion!
I'm going to prove beyond doubt that Bug-type Pokémon are strong and competitive!
Losing really bugs me!
I mean, there are different ways to be strong, right? I try not to let losing bring me down. People say I've got a tough spirit!
I'm going to soar to the highest point, just like the Pokémon gracefully flying across the sky!
Oh no... Knocked down to the ground...
I'll be flying again in no time! Once I find a good air current...
My sponsor is here watching me today! I can't have a pathetic battle!
Of all the days to lose, I lose today...
I get in trouble if I lose too much. They say it damages the company's brand.
Seeing you plow through the Gym Challenge was a real inspiration for me... But today, I came to win!
I think it's always important to think about what you can learn from your losses.
Thank you, Champion! I'll use this experience to review how I battle and reevaluate my strategies.
I traveled all the way to the Kanto region to train my karate! Behold the graceful moves of the Fighting Dojo!
My refined moves had no effect... You're just too amazing!
I've been told to start over every time I am defeated, but to be honest I just wanted to be with my Pokémon.
People think I'm edgy just because I love Poison-type Pokémon!
Losing doesn't bother me, but I'm bummed that I couldn't cover you in venom! Blaaah!
Poison can actually become medicine if it's used properly. Nothing edgy about it!
I prefer these tournaments over the Battle Tower. It's nice to have an audience!
Oh man, everyone just saw me get crushed... How embarrassing!
I need to redeem myself! I'm gonna retrain my whole team and make myself famous as a Ghost-type user!
Even ice cannot be broken once it becomes a glacier!
The strength I just showed you was only the tip of the iceberg!
I know, I know... If I can't show it during matches, I can't claim to have hidden strength.
I am grateful for this chance to defeat the Champion, even though the Gym Challenge is over!
Your Pokémon are so strong, it's like I'm battling the very land of the Galar region!
Now I know why I couldn't beat you during the Gym Challenge... But I promise someday I will become strong—as strong as the lands of Galar!
I'll let the growth of plants overwhelm you!
Oh... I was overwhelmed.
Milo's as stubborn as weeds, but... I still have a long way to go...
The Trainers of the Galar region need to give the audience a good show. That means we need to show our strength!
Ele-shock! ...Huh? Oh, that means I'm shocked as an Electric-type user.
Even when I'm defeated, I try to give the match my all and shock the audience in a good way!
I use powerful Dragon-type Pokémon. If I'm not strong, then who is?
I couldn't bring out the true strength of my Dragon-type Pokémon...
I suppose a Trainer must be able to bring out the true potential of their Pokémon!
I've built my reputation by building up one win at a time. Think you can bring me down?
It only takes one defeat for everything I've built to come crashing down...
My pride was hard as steel too, but you really punched a hole through that.
So, I have a chance to battle the Champion? This tournament's a great deal!
Well, there goes the burning flame of my ambition...
I guess all I got out of the tournament was a lesson on how strong the Champion is...
Heh heh heh! I hope that battle was a delicate, sweet taste for you!
Don't suddenly talk to me like that! I accidentally turned around!
And I even switched up my Pokémon while I was running...
Hiding didn't work, and battles didn't work... Only thing to do now is run!
It's frustratin' that we weren't able to go toe-to-toe with a Dynamax Pokémon for longer...
Don't think I'm the same Milo as in the Gym Challenge! You're the great Champion, after all. It'd be rude not to go all out!
The power of Grass has been wilted... You're quite the Champion!
Soon you'll be the one to face down Gym Challengers aiming for your title. I can't wait to see what talent grows!
My voice is unsure when I'm sad... I wanna yell, but I'm unsure...
Me an' my team gave it our best. Let's meet up for a battle again some time...
We've created an extraordinary lift that's safe even for a Pokémon battle.
This building's well over five hundred feet tall. That's as tall as around one hundred Machoke standing on top of each other.
You ever get that floaty feeling when a lift is going up?
Sorry! I'll leave the rest to you!
Sorry! I'll leave the rest to you!
Sorry! I'll leave the rest to you!
You must be pretty amazing to have beaten me! You're a regular Wild Area expert!
You must be pretty amazing to have beaten me! You're a regular Wild Area expert!
You must be pretty amazing to have beaten me! You're a regular Wild Area expert!

Such strength! I'm in Psyshock!

Oh, my next Pokémon's gonna make short work of— Huh? That was my last one?

What a Psystrike to my poor pride...

Just what have you got that I don't?

Oh, I could just Imprison myself for this!

But I didn't hold back! I gave it everything I've got...

That was everything I hoped for and more!

You young folk grow so fast! It never ceases to amaze me.

You young folk grow so fast! It never ceases to amaze me.

That was a delight! Nice battling, love!

That was a delight! Nice battling, love!

That was a delight! Nice battling, love!

That was a delight! Nice battling, love!

That strength of yours doesn't bend easily!

That strength of yours doesn't bend easily!

Light and dark aside, you have certainly broadened my perspective!

I did not get the chance to adapt!

Now the darkness surrounds me... I am about to blackout!

Your strength does not yield to cold or heat!

I have been swallowed whole by your great strength!

Yes, even my strength perfected in light can be overshadowed at times!

Each one of your raindrops hit like a Hydro Pump!

It seems you have found your path and sailed right on course!
That strength of yours doesn't bend easily!
That strength of yours doesn't bend easily!
More! I require more! Show me your Stored Power!
Aww, come on! What a drag! But...I guess it was also kinda fun!
Such strength! I'm in Psyshock!
Oh, my next Pokémon's gonna make short work of— Huh? That was my last one?
That was everything I hoped for and more!
What a Psystrike to my poor pride...
Just what have you got that I don't?
Oh, I could just Imprison myself for this!
But I didn't hold back! I gave it everything I've got...
I have been swallowed whole by your great strength!
I did not get the chance to adapt!
Each one of your raindrops hit like a Hydro Pump!
Your strength does not yield to cold or heat!
Light and dark aside, you have certainly broadened my perspective!
Yes, even my strength perfected in light can be overshadowed at times!
Now the darkness surrounds me... I am about to blackout!
It seems you have found your path and sailed right on course!
You young folk grow so fast! It never ceases to amaze me.
You young folk grow so fast! It never ceases to amaze me.
Strength ebbs and flows in an endless cycle. One moment you grasp it, and the next, it slips from your hand. But the strength you now have—the strength that let you defeat me—it is unwavering! Congratulations, from the bottom of my heart!
Strength ebbs and flows in an endless cycle. One moment you grasp it, and the next, it slips from your hand. But the strength you now have—the strength that let you defeat me—it is unwavering! Congratulations, from the bottom of my heart!
