
There is no data in the Holo Caster.

Tierno here!
About Shalour City
Let's battle in front of the Gym!
Let's battle in front of the Gym!
A declaration!

Let's battle in front of the Gym!
Let's battle in front of the Gym!
Let's meet in Couriway Town!
Breaking News
Congratulations on the Mega Evolution!
What is potential?
Sorry to bother you...
It's me! Looker!
It's me! Looker!
It's me, Looker...
Breaking News
Breaking News
It's ME! Looker!
It's ME! LOOKER!
From Emma
Hi, it's Emma! ♪
Please read immediately!
It's Looker!
It's Looker! Listen!
From Lysandre Labs

It's ME! LOOKER! 2
It's ME! LOOKER! 4
It's Sycamore.
Hi, it's Trevor.
Hello, Holo Caster.
It's ME! LOOKER! 3


Tierno: So, check this out! I'm out on Route 5 right now, and it's just hopping with wild Pokémon! Hurry and come check it out!
Sycamore: Hello there! Looks like you've almost made it to Shalour City! That's fantastic! It looks like your journey with your Pokémon around the Kalos region is going swimmingly! I wanted to tell you about a person in Shalour who knows a great deal about Mega Evolution. People call him the Mega Evolution guru. I've told everyone else about him, so if you have a second, you should give him a visit!
Calem: <var>, I challenge you to a battle in front of the Gym! You'd better be ready!
Serena: <var>. I challenge you to a battle in front of the Gym! Prepare yourself!
Lysandre: Pokémon Trainers. I come to you by the Holo Caster to make an important announcement. Listen well. Team Flare will revive the ultimate weapon, eliminate everyone who isn't in our group, and return the world to a beautiful, natural state. Unproductive fools are consuming our future... If nothing changes, the world will become ugly and conflicts will raze the land from end to end. I repeat. We will use the ultimate weapon and wipe the slate clean. I'm sorry, those of you who are not members of Team Flare, but this is adieu to you all.



Calem: <var>. This time, I challenge you to a battle in front of Anistar City's Gym! You'd better be ready!
Serena: <var>. This time, I challenge you to a battle in front of Anistar City's Gym! Prepare yourself!
Sycamore: Do you have a minute? I'd like to talk to you face-to-face. Let's meet in Couriway Town!
We're bringing you this special bulletin. The Poké Ball Factory in the area around Laverre City has been attacked. The identities of those involved are unknown. However, this is not expected to have any effect on the sales of Poké Balls...
Lysandre: Professor Sycamore told me you can now wield Mega Evolution. That is truly wonderful. With that power, you can steer your future in a better direction! We can't just cover up the old filth with new filth! I implore you to consider what we need to do to change the world into a new, beautiful world!
Lysandre: According to Professor Sycamore's research, Mega Evolution releases all of a Pokémon's hidden energy at once. The Pokémon then exhibits a level of power it could not attain through ordinary Evolution. What meaning can we draw from this? Do all people and Pokémon have such potential, or is it hidden within a chosen few?
Thank you for using the Holo Caster. Lysandre Labs developed the Holo Caster to make the lives of Pokémon Trainers richer, fuller, and more convenient. We hope you'll continue to enjoy the fine services this device provides.

Sycamore: Hello there! I wanted to talk to you for a little bit. Could you come to Lysandre Café? Do you know where it is? You can see it from outside the Pokémon Center right by Prism Tower. It's the red café. Just hop in a taxi if you can't find it. Be seeing you soon!
Trevor: Hello. How have you been? I just wanted to let you know we're all going to meet on Route 14. Please come and join us.
???: Ahem... <var>. Please excuse me. I only need a moment. Or perhaps three. There is something I really need to talk about with you. Please come to the Looker Bureau. The building is close to Rouge Plaza. I can't say any more right now. I will expect to see you soon.
Looker: So now that you're heading off into the city, <var>, I just thought I would go over the locations of the hidden tickets once again. 1. In the Pokémon Center next to Magenta Plaza. 2. In Centrico Plaza, in the tower illuminating the city. 3. On Vernal Avenue, at a shop selling medicines. 4. On North Boulevard, 1F, in a place where people rest. 5. On North Boulevard, 1F, in a place filled with art. That's it. If you're having trouble, return to the Looker Bureau or read this message again. I wish you luck.
Looker: <var>! It is I! Looker! I want to talk to you about something important! Could you come to the Looker Bureau, please?
Looker: <var>! I have received a tip from the children. I judge it most important, and it may be of use to you. Mimi apparently doesn't like being petted by strangers. It is imperative that you check the alleys where Mimi is known to stroll around. To be precise: Across from the Galette Stand! Across from Lumiose Station! Right next to Café Triste! The entrances to these alleys are all found on North Boulevard! Au revoir and out! I wish you luck!
Looker: <var>! It's me! Looker! I want to talk to you about something important! Could you come to the Looker Bureau, please?
Looker: <var>. It's me. Looker... I apologize for the interruption, but could you make haste to the Looker Bureau? There's a bit of a situation. I could use your help.
Newscaster: We bring you a special bulletin... Late last night, an intruder broke into the Lumiose Museum and damaged a painting. Museum staff said that security is very tight and breaking into the museum is impossible. The culprit remains at large.
Newscaster: We have another special bulletin. Poké Ball thefts are rampant in Lumiose City. The thief strikes directly after Pokémon battles, when Trainers let their guard down. These crimes are thought to be the work of a single individual, but reports on the suspect's features vary greatly, so authorities are struggling to identify him--or her. These crimes are occurring in back alleys and in other places where there are few people around. Residents of Lumiose City should exercise caution.
Looker: It's me! Looker! <var>! Would you kindly return to the Looker Bureau posthaste?
Looker: OK! It looks like you've arrived at the back alley. <var>! Inspect the area! The culprit may be in hiding close by. I am maintaining a lookout near your position, but use every precaution!
Looker: OK! Looks like you've reached the back alley. <var>! Inspect the area once more! The culprit may be hiding nearby again! We'll wait for an opening, and then I'll rush in, too! Cautiously, <var>, cautiously... Classic precautions never go out of style!
Looker: Finally! Looks like you've reached the back alley! <var>! She's trapped like a Patrat now! According to our informant, the culprit is a young woman! She won't be able to fool us with her clever little transformations! We will not let her escape again! This time, we will most certainly catch her! We'll watch for an opening, and then I'll rush in, too! I'm counting on you, <var>!
Looker: OK! Looks like you reached the back alley. Be of good cheer, <var>! She may have gotten away from us twice, but THIS time, we'll get her. Yet I wonder... This miscreant does not seem like an ordinary human being... If you get into trouble, call me. Certainly! I'll come running! <var>! Remember your precautions!
Emma: Um... Hello? <var>? Er, it's me...Emma. I received this Holo Caster thing, so I thought I'd try sending a message. I hope it reaches you. I have something I want to ask you, so please come to the Looker Bureau when you have time.
Emma: Hello, <var>. Can you hear me? It's me, Emma. I have incredible news for you, so please come to the Looker Bureau!
Emma: <var>! I just got a message from Xerosic! He's with Looker at Lysandre Café! I'm going to take Mimi there! Hurry over and join us!
If you have a Holo Caster, you can view video messages from your Friends and other people at your convenience.


Checking StreetPass data... Don't turn off the power.
StreetPass cannot be used until you accept the terms of the Nintendo 3DS Service User Agreement.
Please accept the terms of the Nintendo 3DS Service User Agreement.
Please accept the terms of the Nintendo 3DS Service User Agreement. If you do not, you cannot use SpotPass.
You must accept the terms of the newest Nintendo 3DS Service User Agreement to use StreetPass. To use StreetPass, go to the Nintendo 3DS system's System Settings. Tap Internet Settings, then Other Information. Next, tap User Agreement, and accept the newest User Agreement.
You must accept the terms of the newest Nintendo 3DS Service User Agreement to use SpotPass. To use SpotPass, go to the Nintendo 3DS system's System Settings. Tap Internet Settings, then Other Information. Next, tap User Agreement, and accept the newest User Agreement.
Activating StreetPass... Don't turn off the power.
StreetPass has been activated! StreetPass communication will occur even when you are not playing this software. When you have a StreetPass hit, an update indicator will appear on the icon for this software in the HOME Menu. When you see an update indicator, open the Holo Caster and check for new content.
Cannot activate StreetPass for any more software on this Nintendo 3DS system. Use StreetPass Management in the System Settings to deactivate StreetPass for other software.
StreetPass has not been activated for Pokémon X or Pokémon Y yet. Activate StreetPass?
Loading StreetPass data... Don't turn off the power.
Failed to load StreetPass data.
If you receive StreetPass data, your game will be saved. Check the results of StreetPass communication?
Yes
No
Check announcements
Update
Activate SpotPass
Deactivate SpotPass


Quit
Search for special announcements
Info
Checking SpotPass data... Don't remove the SD Card.
Updating the Holo Caster... Please wait.
Saving... Don't turn off the power.
Update?
You will be connected to the Internet. Would you like to continue?
Saving data to the SD Card... Don't turn off the power.
SpotPass has not been activated. Select "Activate SpotPass" from the menu.
Would you like to get notifications (including advertisements for Pokémon products) and data related to this game via SpotPass?
Would you like to get notifications (including advertisements for Pokémon products) and data related to this game via SpotPass?
Would you like to get notifications (including advertisements for Pokémon products) and data related to this game via SpotPass?
Would you like to receive notifications (including advertisements for Pokémon products) and data related to this game from Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, and their affiliates via SpotPass?
Would you like to receive notifications (including advertisements for Pokémon products) and data related to this game from Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, and their affiliates via SpotPass?
Activating SpotPass... Don't remove the SD Card or turn off the power.
SpotPass has been activated! When you receive Holo Caster data, an update indicator will appear on the icon for this software in the HOME Menu. If you see the update indicator, open the Holo Caster to check for new content.
SpotPass is currently activated, so you will receive announcements and data. Change the settings and deactivate SpotPass?
Deactivating SpotPass... Don't remove the SD Card or turn off the power.
SpotPass has been deactivated.

Searching the Internet for data... Please wait a moment.
Could not find new data.
Disconnecting from the Internet... Please wait.

The connection failed. Please wait a moment and try again.
You may only update once per day. You already updated once today.
Checking data... Don't remove the SD Card or turn off the power.
There are no announcements.
StreetPass with other users is restricted by Parental Controls. StreetPass cannot be used.

This data contains a link to the website: <var> Open the website in the Internet browser?
Could not start the Internet browser. Please go to System Settings and update your Nintendo 3DS system.
Wireless communication has been disabled. Please push the wireless switch to enable wireless communication.
If a special distribution is happening where you are (at an event, store, etc.), you can receive that data. Search for a special distribution?
Yes
No
StreetPass News!
On <var>/<var>/20<var>, you encountered <var> Pokémon players. You received <var> PM to commemorate this! You have met <var> people via StreetPass! You have earned a total of <var> Poké Miles since you started playing!
The SD Card data is corrupt. Deleting data... Don't remove the SD Card.
Insufficient free space on SD Card. Data cannot be received. Create space on the SD Card.


Holo Caster distributions via SpotPass have ended. Thank you very much for using the Holo Caster.
Holo Caster distributions via SpotPass have ended.
Activate StreetPass and SpotPass for this software to receive info such as news and event announcements via the Holo Caster. When you see the update indicator on the icon for this software on the HOME Menu of your Nintendo 3DS system, start the game and check the Holo Caster. Also, if an event or store is having a special distribution, receive it by selecting "Search for special announcements."
