Maryline: I'm not holding back! I may only be a Baroness now, but I'm still a Pokémon Trainer!
Maryline: Thank you for letting me show my potential without having to hold back!
Maryline: I don't hold it against you. Losing is part of the game. It's all about having fun.
Maryline: I enjoyed the battle so much that I'd like you to take this as my thanks.
Estelle: You can only reach the stars if you fight for that right. This is why I fight you.
Estelle: Have you already forgotten how I snatched your lucky star away from you?
Estelle: I hope you will go on winning and become a shining star of victory.
Estelle: Here. A token of victory for you, who has succeeded in reaching the stars!
Maelys: I have a WONDERFUL feeling about this battle! My heart is fit to burst from my chest!
Maelys: Our battle just now... It left me with a FANTASTIC feeling.
Maelys: I feel like my heart is fit to break... This is the first time I've ever felt like this...
Maelys: This is to thank you for helping me to experience something new!
Cadette: A graceful maiden and an ancient castle... It's enough to make a picture, wouldn't you say?
Cadette: Our battle held a beauty that no picture could properly convey.
Cadette: You were envious of my beauty, weren't you? It's all right. I can tell.
Cadette: What a disgrace! So unbecoming! Take this, and it will be as if it never happened.
Francine: Wazzat? You wanna tussle? Hah! Good times! I'm comin' at you with all I've got!
Francine: Look, I don't wanna have to break it to ya, but losin' to a mere Baroness like me... Well, ya ain't gonna make it too far like that.
Francine: Y-ya totally beat me... You're pretty tough for such a cute little thing!
Francine: All righty then! I guess I'll just have to give ya a treasure that's been passed down in my family for generations!
Evran: Are you new around here? I mean, why else would you dare to battle someone like me, said to be the next Viscount in the making?
Evran: You've lost. And do you know why? Because you don't know your place.
Evran: Hmph... So you are more capable than your plebeian looks would suggest. If you continue winning battles like this, I expect your rank in the nobility to increase.
Evran: Even if it was a near miracle, you did manage to beat me--so take this.
Marseille: Money is no object when it comes to getting what I desire. I can get any Pokémon I want if I throw enough money around!
Marseille: Would you look at that? You've lost to me, now haven't you? Don't fret. You never stood a chance against my money's power.
Marseille: This is...unprecedented... Could it be I didn't use enough money? Or could...I actually be the problem?
Marseille: Well, that's rather impressive! I have the perfect job for you. I'll let you be my bodyguard, my personal servant. How about this for your compensation?
Lyon: I shall do this all myself so that no one can say I used my parents' influence!
Lyon: It is frustrating, isn't it? I know all too well! So you must try to win for yourself!
Lyon: I cannot blame others for my failures! I said I would do this myself!
Lyon: I will be coming here again so I can see it through for myself! Here! I want you to take this, Trainer, so you will remember me for myself!
Orvault: Heh-heh-heh... A first-class gentleman has to have first-class Pokémon!
Orvault: It's hardly any wonder, was it? After all, you were battling first-class Pokémon...and a first-class gentleman.
Orvault: Heh-heh-heh... A first-class gentleman isn't ruffled by a little loss like this.
Orvault: I really am just a first-class gentleman, aren't I? That's why I have no problem rewarding you for winning.
Herisson: This is my debut in society! I have been dreaming of this day! I may be just a Baron, but I am going to latch on to some nice Duchess and Aqua Jet myself to the top of society!
Herisson: Beating you will definitely help boost my status in society! I'm going to keep speeding ahead like a swift Quick Attack to the head!
Herisson: Look, since I lost and all, I'm gonna level with you, pal. I'm actually super, crazy poor. Like poorer-than-dirt poor, see? But I'm gonna raise my rank here and use a mean Revenge on life!
Herisson: Now, you be sure to use an Illusion and hide the truth about me. You will, right? This'll be your reward.
Moray: What's this? It seems as though a commoner has gotten in.
Moray: In the end, a commoner just doesn't have what it takes, hmm?
Moray: How fortunate you are! This arena is only for the chosen, and you seem to be one of us. If you raise your rank, you will be able to battle more and stronger Trainers. Don't you feel honored?
Moray: To think you would be worthy... Do forgive my earlier assumptions... I'll give you this token as an apology.
Renée: I want the kind of thrilling excitement that money can't buy!
Renée: That was terrible! There was nothing thrilling or exciting about you.
Renée: Ohhh, what a thrill! From you and your Pokémon!
Renée: Heh-heh...I feel completely satisfied. Here, don't be shy. Take it.
Denis: Friend, lend me your ear! For I am the great Denis, envy of all, holder of the lofty rank of Baron! One word alone appears not in my mighty lexicon! That word is "defeat"!
Denis: Bwahahaha! It was 'cause I sounded so impressive, right?
Denis: Truth is, I'm really not all that strong a Trainer. But I sounded cool, right?
Denis: Bwahahahaha! Now it's time to say adieu! Here's a parting gift!
Camille: Defeating a simple servant should pose you no problem. Or you might as well go home!
Camille: I tried to give you the benefit of the doubt. But with someone so weak, even that's pointless.
Camille: Of course, it's only to be expected that you would defeat a mere servant like me. If you show yourself capable of doing the same to more suitable opponents, your rank will grow faster.
Camille: This is a gift I was given by my own employer... Take it with my compliments.
Danielle: Oh my, that is quite the unusual style you are sporting there. Did you pick out your clothes in the dark? Or perhaps from a trash can?
Danielle: Oooh, well, wasn't that embarrassing... But I suppose someone so hopeless in terms of personal grooming must also be rubbish at battle.
Danielle: I-it's just because of your hideous style, I'll have you know! I was distracted by its terribleness!
Danielle: Look, I'll give you this, all right? So just leave already and spare my eyes!
Anne-Laure: It's, like, so difficult having way too much of everything, y'know?
Anne-Laure: You would not believe what a pain it is to keep winning all the time.
Anne-Laure: Look, I'm being serious here... What happiness is there in life other than money? Do you know? Can you tell me?
Anne-Laure: It's heavy carrying all this great stuff around. Could you take this off me?
Beatrice: Let's get started at once! I've been chomping at the bit!
Beatrice: Hurry up and raise your rank so you can come back and serve me up a real good trouncing, would ya?
Beatrice: Going wild with my Pokémon is the ultimate stress relief for me!
Beatrice: That was awesome! Take this from me!
Gourdon: Rich Boys definitely run the gamut, from superb to dismal. Being a Viscount like me is just the sort of pedigree my birth demands.
Gourdon: Did you hold back in awe of my superior birth?
Gourdon: ... ... ... ... ... ... You know, the weight of all my glorious forefathers' honor... gets pretty heavy sometimes...
Gourdon: I may have lost, but you can't tell my family, you got that? Just take this and be off with you...
Braine: That's right! This is it! This is the highlight of your life! Because I am just as blindingly, fantastically famous as I look!
Braine: Oh! Speaking of famous! Did you know Gym Leaders are said to show up here sometimes?
Braine: Even if a star loses... it doesn't lose any of its shine. Does it?
Braine: Yes, the brilliance of a star... I guess I'll give you a little piece of it!
Herault: Krmph! Bwahaha! You seriously think that you can beat a Viscount like me? You're too funny, you know?
Herault: Krmph! Bwahaha! 'Cause I'm pretty good, y'see!
Herault: Sniffle... I-I'm going home... Maman will make it all better for me...
Herault: S-stop right there! Don't you dare come closer! I'll give you this, s-so just... leave me alone, would you?!
Ardmore: Hmm. I don't want any pretty words. Just show me what you've got.
Ardmore: You did well...
Ardmore: You don't need any words from a loser like me...
Ardmore: Hmm. This is for you...
Ayla: Come at me, Trainer! You should know there can be no holding back in a battle against a Viscountess! ♪
Ayla: A Viscountess like me is always ready for action! ♪
Ayla: I thought you were just another commoner, but you're quite strong! To be honest, I never expected that! ♪
Ayla: I'll give you this from me. I'm sure it'll be perfect for you! ♪
Mathilde: Listen up, young Trainer. Battling a Viscountess is different. More different than night and day. More different than I can even say.
Mathilde: You have good potential. You'd better give it all you've got.
Mathilde: You'll be even stronger. I guarantee it. Just you wait and see.
Mathilde: A farewell gift. Just take it, no complaints!
Regine: It's the same for both Pokémon and fashion brands... They can't settle for being strong. They have to look good, too.
Regine: Do you understand the power of brands now?
Regine: Strength and beauty... Put them together, and you have the makings of a real luxury brand...
Regine: Here. Take this to memorialize a beautiful win.
Cullinan: I may be a master businessman, but I know nothing about Pokémon.
Cullinan: Were you taking things easy on me, perhaps?
Cullinan: What could I be doing wrong? If there's some trick to it, do teach me.
Cullinan: I'll dash away the pain of losing with an excess of riches!
Tolkowsky: Win! Win! Win! WIN! You've gotta say it to believe it!
Tolkowsky: You've just gotta speak up! I'm sure you could've won if you did!
Tolkowsky: Wheeze... M-my vision...is going black... Maybe I shouted too much... Perhaps this is also an effect of that red Writ of Challenge that I received before...
Tolkowsky: Now I've learned, though... Shouting won't get you anywhere. Here! To thank you for this lesson!
Orloff: Hehehe. You there! Young'un! You'd better drink deep of the strong-brewed dandyism you can only get from a dried-up old man like me! Hehehe!
Orloff: Did you get a good taste? That's the real depth and bite of my dandyism that oozes from every pore!
Orloff: The hunched shoulders of a man defeated in battle... This is man's true pathos. This truly is dandyism.
Orloff: Here, I'll give you this! I hope it will bring you one step closer to true dandyism, my child!
Julia: Vrrrrr... TARGET...ACQUIRED. COMMENCING ATTACK.
Julia: THIS DEVICE IS NOW IN SLEEP MODE. YOU MAY LEAVE A BRIEF MESSAGE AFTER THE BEEP...
Julia: I WAS CREATED SOLELY TO DO BATTLE...
Julia: THIS IS A PART OF ME BROKEN IN OUR BATTLE... YOU SHOULD TAKE IT...
Anita: Wazzat? You wanna stand up to me? Then ya'd better show me a power worthy of a Countess!
Anita: Tsk. What was that? Not even worth talkin' about... I feel like I oughta put your Pokémon outta their misery...
Anita: To beat someone like me... You ain't no ordinary Trainer, kid...
Anita: Here, I'll give ya a reward. Pick it up. ...I SAID pick it up!
Royan: I am a royal, and I also bear the title of Earl in this hall. Making an effort and sweating... Such things do not become me.
Royan: This was the only way it could end. Do not blame me.
Royan: A royal member of the ranked nobility such as myself... must retain his pride and dignity. I accept loss with grace and poise.
Royan: Take this with you, and be gone from my sight.
Glen: It matters not if you are young. I will show no mercy to you in battle!
Glen: Never holding back. That is how battle should be.
Glen: Even though you were young, I did not hold back.
Glen: A loss is a loss... Take this, won't you?
Mira: I have always wanted to be rich, ever since I was a small child. So I worked to become a Countess because wealth gets you respect.
Mira: Sigh... What is true happiness anyway?
Mira: In the end, what I truly found was only the wealth... Respect is won, not bought.
Mira: Being surrounded by money seemed like such a joy back then. But when you reach my age, it all seems so empty and meaningless...
Eliane: There comes a time in life when gems cease to sparkle and gold loses its allure. But...my next life is soon enough for that. Today, bring on the bling!
Eliane: If you stick it out here, you can make a pretty penny.
Eliane: I want to live to the end of my life without worrying about money! That's why I send countless numbers of gold Writs of Invitation--to bring in cash!
Eliane: The truth is that I hate to give away so much as a penny. But I guess we privileged folk are obliged to give to charity from time to time.
Patricia: I have something good to say: being bored is a crime! You got that?! So you and your Pokémon better be sure that I enjoy this battle to the max!
Patricia: You won't be reaching any of the higher ranks like that! If you want to battle me again, you'd better go do some training, I guess!
Patricia: You're really good! I could use some full-time training... So how about I adopt you? You'd be my darling grandchild!
Patricia: Well, it was fun while it lasted. Don't you forget me...
Edith: Now, I want you to listen to me... The Pokémon I am about to use were left to me by my dearly departed husband.
Edith: Even if my husband is gone, having his Pokémon here with me is...
Edith: My darling husband... Yes, he was a Swimmer ♂ with the body of an athlete...
Edith: Oh, darling... Look how happy your Pokémon are now! Here, child, I will give you this in thanks.
Adele: Ohoho... It's been 70 years since I came squalling into this world. It has been a long journey to this day.
Adele: Ohohoho... You have to turn crisis into an opportunity.
Adele: Ohoho... You have to work while you are still so young and cute. And not concern yourself with rewards.
Adele: Ohoho, that's what I said, but... I'll reward you this one time, with the hope that you will continue to be successful.
Lesotho: M-Monsieur! Monsieur for sure!
Lesotho: M-Monsieur! Monsier du jour!
Lesotho: M-Monsieur... Monsieur...premature...
Lesotho: Monsieur! Monsieur, endure!
Gruosi: I have slithered my way up from the dregs of society to where I am now. I will not lose to anyone, whether it comes to the strength of my heart or my body!
Gruosi: Raise your head, young one... Life is battle. There's no changing that. That is why you should raise your rank. All you need to do is work your way up...
Gruosi: That's right... I overcame my past in the gutters. That is how I became this Gruosi... Standing before you as an Earl...
Gruosi: I'll give you this... Use it when things get tough.
Nassak: Crikey, you know everyone seems to think the rich have no troubles... That's a filthy, mean lie right there, it is!
Nassak: I mean, of course, we've got trouble! People always asking for handouts... Working hard to evade taxes... It's hard being rich!
Nassak: See? I have plenty of troubles. Can't even win a battle! Winning is as impossible for me as...as...as being rich is for you!
Nassak: Oh, fine! Blast it all! You're gonna be something big! Here. I'll just have to consider it an investment for the future!
Sancy: Thank you for visiting! How ya doin', pal? Doin' good? Money sure makes the world go 'round! Not just Pokémon, no!
Sancy: Scram. Get outta my face. I got nothing to say to a weakling.
Sancy: If you're this strong, you oughta be able to strike it rich, kid!
Sancy: Gwahahahaha! I like you, kid. I really do! Even if I ain't what I was, I'm still an Earl, so... Here! Just take it, wouldja?!
Nizam: And so he appears... The man with the ultimate Pokémon.
Nizam: Yes... My Pokémon... They truly are the ultimate, aren't they?
Nizam: The truth is, I knew it... Looks alone don't mean anything. And what's inside means even less.
Nizam: Guess I don't have much choice. I'll give you this...
Ida: I'm great at cleaning! I'm going to dispose of you like a stinky bag of trash!
Ida: Oh my... How does it feel to be kicked to the curb?
Ida: Well, this is troubling... A Maid who can't clean up might get thrown out like yesterday's trash...
Ida: Let's keep the results of the battle just now between the two of us, OK?
Alyssa: I apologize for the wait, but you have finally reached me: the Pinnacle of Princesses, the one recognized as the Leader of All Ladies!
Alyssa: Would you like to battle me again on another occasion? If you dream of such an honor, perhaps wish on a shooting star.
Alyssa: Yet I am the one who is said to be the pinnacle of Ladies... Perhaps it is time for me to consider advancing from Lady to Madame Alyssa?
Alyssa: Are you paying attention? This is a gift from the very Lady among Ladies. Take it with care...
Caen: I see... Then so be it. Come at me, prole. Everything I do, I do to become a great ruler someday.
Caen: ...Are you also perhaps seeking power?
Caen: Just you watch, you lowly prole... The day will come when I rule the world!
Caen: Bwahahahahaha! It was only for an instant, but I shall praise you for inspiring fear in me. The next time you wish to fight, I suggest you send a red Writ of Challenge. If you wish to see my true power, that is! Bwahahahahahaha!
Arran: ... ... ... It is my master's orders. Please forgive me for what I am about to do...
Arran: The master's orders are absolute, you see...
Arran: I shall not say... I shall never reveal... my master's identity...
Arran: ... ... ... I cannot reveal that, but... I quite like you. So, here...
Amandine: Feel it... Feel it with your eyes, ears, mouth, skin, breath... Breathe in the feeling of battle with a great Marchioness like me...
Amandine: You lack experience. It is not just enough to flail about with your body! You must train your spirit, as well!
Amandine: Every sport is a battle between victory and defeat... But there is no winner or loser in the arena of Pokémon battle. It is instead a sublime experience that can move body and soul...
Amandine: Hohoho... For your sublime battle.
Grisognono: Did you know? I'm a Marquis. Yes, I am! I'm super elite and stuff! Let's see what you've got!
Grisognono: Ehh, don't mind it! Here, this should cheer you up: some opponents you can never beat, but no rain can fall forever!
Grisognono: That was great! I may have lost, sure, but that was the kind of battle that leaves you feeling as light as the clear sky overhead!
Grisognono: Phew! I dunno, but I think I like you, kid! Take this with you, yeah?
Amelie: Hey, you! Yeah, I'm talking to you! You lookin' down on me 'cause I'm a Maid? Here in this Battle Chateau, I'm a Marchioness! How d'you like that? I'mma destroy you!
Amelie: Even Maids can fight. Don't you forget it!
Amelie: Oh, er, sorry about that... I'm afraid that I tend to get a bit too free with my words when I am caught up in the heat of battle...
Amelie: Gosh, that was so much fun! ♪ And here, this is for you! Tee-hee! ♪
Yolande: You know, recently I don't like to wear anything that wasn't tailor-made specifically for me.
Yolande: But the truth is, I'm bored with just looking good. In the end, it's battling, isn't it? Battle is definitely the most fun.
Yolande: Huh? What's that? You want to know how much my furisode is worth? I'd say about 200 Big Nuggets, why?
Yolande: Oh yeah, my boyfriend gave me this, but it's so gauche. So I'll just give it to you instead.
Meriel: If you're not strong around here, then no one will recognize you, right? So then what happens to the weaklings? Do they not have any value at all to us?
Meriel: What is the true value of being a Trainer, I wonder.
Meriel: I don't know, but... I don't think it's all up to strength. Not the value of a Trainer, nor the value of his or her Pokémon either.
Meriel: I guess I don't really care about being recognized. I had fun, and that's all that matters to me, so here...
Keira: I can feel it... You are...very strong...
Keira: All of the people here... They are all...very strong...
Keira: Both you...and your Pokémon... So strong... So...wonderful...
Keira: Since you're strong... I will give you...this...
Fiona: To envelop and conceal my lovely body from others... Again, I cloak myself with this trifling, transient garment...
Fiona: This furisode is the armor that hides my true form from all.
Fiona: The bulging muscles that spread beneath this furisode... Yes, in truth, I am a bodybuilder. My body, a tapestry of muscles.
Fiona: I shall give you this, in the name of all muscles...
Even as a Marchioness, I'm still always looking for the perfect shot. And the quickest way to the perfect shot is by capturing the perfect win!
The photo from the moment of my victory will be a real winner, all right!
I knew that you and your Pokémon could show me a whole new depth of field!
Here! Another bit of gear for such a perfect shot!
There is only one thing I wish for. That by surpassing one another, we find a way to even greater heights.
Do not give up. That is all there really is to it. The most important lessons in life are simple.
Yes, this is the way it should be. This way both humans and Pokémon will grow.
To commemorate such an impressive show of teamwork, please accept this gift!
Time for Lady Korrina's big appearance!
If I want to be able to use Mega Evolution right, I've gotta keep raising my own level!
Oh! Defeat! Alack, alay!
Oh well, I can roll with the punches. Take this. I award it to you, good sirfair lady.
So yer back for more, whippersnapper! I know I'll enjoy another Pokémon battle with yeh, sprout, sure as trees grow up!
Hohoho... Indeed. Frail little blades o' grass'll break through even concrete.
Yeh believe in yer Pokémon... And they believe in yeh, too... It was a fine battle, sprout.
Go on, then. Take it. Yeh've earned it.
Oh! I'm glad that we got to meet again like this.
It looks like the machine that I made for helping a Trainer grow stronger has really paid off in spades! Brilliant!
I'm glad whenever I get to learn from other strong challengers. Thank you for the battle!
The future is now, thanks to science! Power on, my precious gift-giving machine!
Oh, if it isn't my young Trainer... It is lovely to get to meet you again like this. Then I suppose you have earned yourself the right to a battle, as a reward for your efforts. The elusive Fairy may appear frail as the breeze and delicate as a bloom, but it is strong.
Oh goodness, what a pity...
That was truly a captivating battle. I might just be captivated by you.
I hope you will accept this gift from me... Please consider it as a personal gift from me, not simply the winnings of a battle.
An ancient custom deciding one's destiny. The battle begins!
Peace steals over me. Defeating the strong gives birth to a restful heart.
Winner and loser. A winged Pokémon leads on, to the goal of both.
Proof of my defeat. Your great victory made real. That is what I give.
You know what? We all talk big about what you learn from battling and bonds and all that, but really, I just do it 'cause it's fun. Who cares about the grandstanding? Let's get to battling!
You know what? I believe I have shown you the extreme awesomeness and strength of ice.
You know what? Your Pokémon really threw everything they had into that battle just now. You really are something, you know?
Here, you know, it's a little gift. Just take it.
Even as a Marchioness, I'm still always looking for the perfect shot. And the quickest way to the perfect shot is by capturing the perfect win!
The photo from the moment of my victory will be a real winner, all right!
I knew that you and your Pokémon could show me a whole new depth of field!
Here! Another bit of gear for such a perfect shot!
There is only one thing I wish for... That each peak I reach will only reveal to me even higher peaks ahead. Will I be able to defeat you this time? Please allow me to test my own limits!
Do not give up. That is all there really is to it. The most important lessons in life are simple.
Yes, this is the way it should be. This way both humans and Pokémon will grow.
To commemorate such an impressive show of teamwork, please accept this gift!
Time for the new-and-improved Lady Korrina's big appearance!
If I want to be able to use Mega Evolution right, I've gotta keep raising my own level!
Oh! Defeat! Alack, alay!
Oh well, I can roll with the punches. Take this. I award it to you, good sirfair lady.
So yer back for more, whippersnapper! I know I'll enjoy another Pokémon battle with yeh, sprout, sure as trees grow up!
Hohoho... Indeed. Frail little blades o' grass'll break through even concrete.
Yeh believe in yer Pokémon... And they believe in yeh, too... It was a fine battle, sprout.
Go on, then. Take it. Yeh've earned it.
Oh! I'm glad that we got to meet yet again like this!
It looks like my Trainer-Grow-Stronger Machine, Mach 2, is really working!
I'm glad whenever I get to learn from other strong challengers. Thank you for the battle!
The future is now, thanks to science! Power on, my new precious gift-giving machine... Mach 2!
Oh, if it isn't my young Trainer... We seem to keep meeting like this, don't we? Then I suppose you have earned yourself the right to a battle, as a reward for your efforts. The elusive Fairy may appear frail as the breeze and delicate as a bloom, but it is strong.
Oh goodness, what a pity...
That was truly a captivating battle. I might just be captivated by you.
I hope you will accept this gift from me... Please consider it as a personal gift from me, not simply the winnings of a battle.
An ancient custom deciding one's destiny. The battle begins!
Peace steals over me. Defeating the strong gives birth to a restful heart.
Winner and loser. A winged Pokémon leads on, to the goal of both.
Proof of my defeat. Your great victory made real. That is what I give.
You know what? We all talk big about what you learn from battling and bonds and all that, but really, I just do it 'cause it's fun. Who cares about the grandstanding? Let's get to battling!
You know what? I believe I have shown you the extreme awesomeness and strength of ice.
You know what? Your Pokémon really threw everything they had into that battle just now. You truly are something, you know?
Here, you know, it's a little gift. Just take it.
Robin: Oh! I've heard about you, of course. Heh heh, I've been looking forward to this. I wonder how you will perform in a battle against a masterful Duchess like me.
Robin: Don't worry, you were good. Just not as good as the rumors say.
Robin: You are even better than the rumors suggest. To have battled this far with such ability as this... Yes, you are the real thing. In all senses of the word.
Robin: I'd like to see you again. So I hope you will keep battling here forever, as I certainly will!
Lormont: I could wreck a battle! Sure, it's thanks to battling with my Pokémon that I've made it here!
Lormont: You soft in the head or something? How're you going to keep winning like that?
Lormont: Ohh, now you're in for it! You've got some fierce, strong Pokémon, but don't think I'll keep losing like this!
Lormont: Bwahahaha! Naw, but you're pretty good! I want to give you this for a reward, so I will!
Turner: You know, I have been thinking... The ties between a Butler and his master are quite like a Pokémon and its Trainer.
Turner: How unfortunate... Are your Pokémon perhaps defying your leadership?
Turner: Yes, this is as it should be... Just as a Butler will function most effectively for a great human master.
Turner: Here, this is for you... It was a reward from my own master, but I cannot use it...
Odele: Perhaps it seems dull to you to battle an old woman, but think about this... Age notwithstanding, I am a Duchess. Will you favor me with a battle?
Odele: Were you so bored battling an old woman that you let your guard down?
Odele: Yes, hmm. I have almost everything a person could wish for in life, and yet... It seems the only way I can lighten my boredom and loneliness is through battle.
Odele: If I had been blessed with a grandchild, I wonder if she might have turned out like you. Won't you take this little something from me? Just do it to humor an old woman, won't you?
Hennessy: Is it fate or is it our nature? It seems as though we Trainers will never tire of seeking battle, no matter our ages...
Hennessy: I wished to better understand what qualities a true Trainer should have. That is why I began hosting this contest.
Hennessy: I have done nothing but battle since I was a very young man. Before I knew it, I had become this graying old man you see before you. And yet I still feel that I can go so much further as a Trainer...
Hennessy: Hmm. I expected no less. I knew the moment I met you that you would be worthy of our ranks. I feel grateful once again for having this chance. Please do take this...
Elise: With my skills, no one can best me. I have my master wrapped around my finger. Yes, every penny he has will eventually plunk straight into my little pocket...
Elise: I will succeed, no matter what. And what will you do with your life?
Elise: I was born miserably poor. But rather than curse my birth, I am going to seize success for myself, no matter what it takes. That's why I use my master and why I use places like this.
Elise: Please don't get in the way of my success... I'll give you this in return.
Rosalie: It all just seems way too tragic... The flowers in bloom will someday wilt and fall. This lovely girl will become an old lady...
Rosalie: Yes, that is youth... It passes before you've even noticed its expiration date...
Rosalie: So you keep on working hard and you keep on getting older and you keep on saving till you accumulate modest riches... But then how are you going to use your money then, let alone really enjoy it? If that's the case, isn't it better to live in the now, with all the brilliance of a short- lived cherry blossom just waiting to fall?
Rosalie: Here, a gift just for you from a tragically beautiful girl... So won't you tell me how to live?
Ione: The Pokémon on my team are a bit different from what you've got there. I paid the very top Pokémon Breeders piles of money to raise these lovelies.
Ione: What are your thoughts on this matter? I am certain we agree that Pokémon raised by pros are on a different level from the rabble.
Ione: Ughhh. Maybe you really do have to raise your Pokémon yourself.
Ione: Here, I'll give you this. I'm nearly out of money after paying such ridiculous fees to all those Breeders!
Sabine: Um, you know, even though I'm dressed so fashionable like this... Well, I am still a Duchess, you know? I'm super strong. Better watch out!
Sabine: Um, you know, I think that you're probably not really that weak.
Sabine: You know, my mom and my dad are both super strong, so I guess that's why I'm strong, too.
Sabine: But, seriously, you know, I'll give you this, OK? So take it.
Nicolette: Wahahaha! Brilliant! I've been waiting AGES for this! Let's battle till we're fit to burst!
Nicolette: Wahahaha! Let's battle again sometime!
Nicolette: Shame on you! That wasn't nearly enough to burst!
Nicolette: Hey, check this out! I'm giving it to you, so let's battle again sometime!
Well met, young challenger! Verily am I the famed blade of hardened steel, Duke Wikstrom! Let the battle begin! En garde!
What manner of magic is this? My heart, it doth hammer ceaselessly in my breast! Winning against such a worthy opponent doth give my soul wings--thus do I soar!
What manner of disaster be this? My heart, it doth hammer ceaselessly in my breast! At last do I understand that sweet torture, that perfect balance of joy and frustration!
Do accept this token of my regard. Long has this treasure been held by the esteemed knights of my family... Verily has it been our most treasured possession, since I happened to pick it up in a shop a week ago. Or two weeks, mayhap! May it serve you well.
I am the Duchess Malva, and I shall be your opponent today.
I am delighted! Yes, delighted that I could squash you beneath my heel!
Oooh, you wicked little Trainer, you! I will definitely remember this battle!
Take this with you when you go. I selected it particularly for you.
Oh goodness, hello to you! I'm so glad you've joined us! I know that you're very strong. That will make this great fun!
How can this be?
Oh, you! You're too much! You and your Pokémon are simply charming!
And, my word, wouldn't this just go wonderfully with your look? Do try it!
... ... ... Yes, I see it now. This is a path with no end. To seek to be the absolute best is an absurd goal. Yet, as long as I am alive, I shall strive onward to seek the ultimate cuisine... and the strongest opponents in battle!
Our Pokémon battle was like food for my soul. It shall keep me going. That is how I will pay my respects to you for giving your all in battle!
No! This result will not satisfy my hunger--my aching thirst for victory! However, when I look at it from a different perspective, I must admit that your way of living is fantastic...
Take this gift with you on your way. And strive always to find the meaning in everything that happens to you.
Oh my! I never thought I would meet you here! Honestly, I didn't! Oh, but--silly me--I should at least do these things right... As Champion and as Grand Duchess of the Battle Chateau, I, Diantha, challenge you.
Oh, fantastic! What did you think? My team was pretty cool, right? It's a bit embarrassing to show off, but I love to show their best sides!
I just...I just don't know what to say... I can hardly express this feeling... But I'm so glad that I got to be Champion and Grand Duchess... Battling you and your Pokémon makes everything seem worth it!
Hehe, here you go! I hope you like it!
