Welcome to the Battle Chateau, my good sir. How might I be able to assist you on this fine day, Baron <var>?
Of course. It would be my pleasure to explain. From this reception, you will find yourself able to issue a Writ of Invitation to the other Trainers who frequent our humble Battle Chateau. You will discover that there are some differences in the types of Trainers that will respond to your Writ, depending on its variety. It is my duty to inform you, however, that we do ask for a slight compensation for this service.
I would be delighted to assist you. Which Writ of Invitation would you like issued?
If we issue this Writ of Invitation, other Trainers will come to patronize our fair Battle Chateau with greater frequency than they usually do. In return for this service, we would ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
If we issue this silver Writ of Invitation, Trainers will flock to our fair Battle Chateau with all due haste. In return for this service, we would ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
If we issue this gold Writ of Invitation, you could expect a particularly affluent class of Trainers to likely patronize our fair Battle Chateau. In return for this service, we would ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
If we issue this Writ of Challenge on your behalf, you will find that rather more motivated Trainers will come to patronize our fair Battle Chateau. In return for this service, we would ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
If we issue this blue Writ of Challenge on your behalf, you can expect rather more sedate and serene battles with your fellow Trainers than you might usually experience. In return for this service, we ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
If we issue this red Writ of Challenge on your behalf, you will experience fierce and competitive battles that go beyond your usual milieu. In return for this service, we ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
Very good. Then I will issue this Writ at once.
It is my great sorrow to inform you that you appear to lack sufficient funds.
If there is anything else that I can possibly help you with, please do not hesitate to call on me.
If we issue this black Writ of Challenge on your behalf, it will draw the most competitive and most competent of opponents to you. In return for this service, we would ask you to pay the modest fee of $<var>. Are these terms agreeable to you?
<var> <var>. Farewell, my good sir. Before you leave, I have pleasing news to share. Due to your recent excellence in battle, you have been granted the title of <var>. My heartiest congratulations, sir.
<var> <var>. Farewell, my lady. Before you leave, I have pleasing news to share. Due to your recent excellence in battle, you have been granted the title of <var>. My heartiest congratulations.


I hope that you will accept my most humble compliments on this wonderful day. I look forward to having the opportunity to see you battle again here at the Battle Chateau.
Sniff... Sniffle. Oh, sir. After all this time... Even I, your humble servant, am so overcome with emotion that...it is hard to even say the words. Sniff... Oh, sir, congratulations. My most humble and unworthy congratulations to you... I wish from the bottom of my heart for your success in your new position...as Grand Duke!
I'm afraid that we have already issued a standard Writ of Invitation.
I am so terribly sorry, but it seems that your current funds would not cover that Writ.
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. Is there anything I can help elucidate for you?
This is an exclusive social club and battle arena that only the chosen few know about. Gentlemen and lady Trainers of good character are here to provide an exquisite battle experience. The Trainers who pass through our doors are the dazzling elite of Pokémon society, all in search of something they lack. Some come in search of a challenge... Some come in search of glory... Some come in search of the prize... No matter the standing of your opponent, there is no holding back in the battles we hold here! We wish our patrons to fulfill their wildest dreams of battle within these privileged walls. We also take the liberty of awarding our patrons an aristocratic rank in keeping with their merits. I hope that you will fight to your utmost and aim to elevate yourself to the highest of titles.
The nobility system is the way we respectfully mark our Trainers' strength. Here in this Battle Chateau, your noble rank is the only thing that matters about you. By battling the Trainers who patronize our Battle Chateau and achieving many victories, you will be able to earn ever-loftier titles. As your title improves, you will find even more Trainers flocking to our Battle Chateau. You may also find yourself meeting some of the most esteemed members of the nobility.
We sincerely hope that you will enjoy all that the Battle Chateau has to offer.
Ladies and gentlemen... Please turn your attention to the entrance and welcome the new Baron <var>. We hope that you will all welcome him into our midst and train him in our ways.
Ladies and gentlemen... I am pleased to announce the arrival of Viscount <var> in the hall.
Ladies and gentlemen... I am pleased to announce the arrival of the esteemed Earl <var> in our hall. We hope that you will all face him squarely in battle and not let your guard down.
Ladies and gentlemen... I am pleased to announce the arrival of the esteemed Marquis <var> in our hall. I hope that those of you with sufficient confidence in your own ability will take up his challenge.
Ladies and gentlemen... It is my great honor to announce the arrival of the noble Duke <var> in our hall. Please give him a round of applause and prepare yourselves for the battle of a lifetime.
Send a Writ
About Writs 1
Cancel
Writ of Invitation
Silver Writ of Invitation
Gold Writ of Invitation
Writ of Challenge
Blue Writ of Challenge
Red Writ of Challenge
This place
The nobility
Yes
No
---
Black Writ of Challenge
There are two things of which it is my duty to inform you regarding Writs of Invitation. The first is that any Writ you choose to issue from the Battle Chateau will remain active until midnight on the day of its issue. The second is that while you may issue as many Writs as you desire, only the last Writ you issue will be in effect.
About Writs 2
Ladies and gentlemen... Please turn your attention to the entryway and welcome the new Baroness <var>. We hope that you will all welcome her into our midst and train her in our ways.
Ladies and gentlemen... I am pleased to announce the arrival of Viscountess <var> in our hall.
Ladies and gentlemen... I am pleased to announce the arrival of the esteemed Countess <var> in our hall. We hope that you will all face her squarely in battle and not let your guard down.
Ladies and gentlemen... I am pleased to announce the arrival of the esteemed Marchioness <var> in our hall. I hope that those of you with sufficient confidence in your own ability will take up her challenge.
Ladies and gentlemen... It is my great honor to announce the arrival of the noble Duchess <var> in our hall. Please give her a round of applause and prepare yourselves for the battle of a lifetime.




Sniff... Sniffle. Oh, my lady. After all this time... Even I, your humble servant, am so overcome with emotion that...it is hard to even say the words... Sniff... Oh, my lady, congratulations! My most humble and unworthy congratulations to you... I wish from the bottom of my heart for your success in your new position...as Grand Duchess.
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. How might I be of service to you today, Viscount <var>?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. If it is not the good Earl <var>! How might I be of service today?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. My apologies for any delay, Marquis <var>. How may I be of service?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. We are delighted to welcome you back today, Duke <var>. How might I be of service?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. Baroness <var>, how might I be of service to you today?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. How might I be of service to you today, Viscountess <var>?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. If it is not the good Countess <var>! How might I be of service today?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. I do apologize for any possible delay, Marchioness <var>. How may I be of service?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. We are delighted to welcome you back today, Duchess <var>. How can I be of service?


Welcome to the Battle Chateau. It is an absolute honor to welcome you back, Grand Duke <var>. How might I be of service today, sir?
Welcome to the Battle Chateau. It is an absolute honor to welcome you back, Grand Duchess <var>. How might I be of service today, my lady?
I'm afraid that we have already issued a silver Writ of Invitation.
I'm afraid that we have already issued a gold Writ of Invitation.
I'm afraid that we have already issued a Writ of Challenge.
I'm afraid that we have already issued a blue Writ of Challenge.
I'm afraid that we have already issued a red Writ of Challenge.
I'm afraid that we have already issued a black Writ of Challenge.
Ladies and gentlemen... The time has come at last... To meet the holder of the grandest title of nobility in the Kalos region... She is the best of battlers and the queen of all our hearts... The Grand Duchess <var> has entered our hall! There are no words that can capture the grace and elegance of Her Grand Ducal Highness! I urge you all to experience her power!
No less than I would expect from such an esteemed peer of the realm. I humbly accept your kindness.
... ... ...
To spare even a moment's thought for a humble servant like me! You are too kind, good sirfair lady...
... ... ...
I'm afraid that we have already issued one Writ of Invitation. Are you sure you would like to proceed with issuing this one?
I'm afraid that we have already issued a silver Writ of Invitation. Are you sure you would like to proceed with issuing this one?
I'm afraid that we have already issued a Writ of Challenge. Are you sure you would like to proceed with issuing this one?
I'm afraid that we have already issued a blue Writ of Challenge. Are you sure you would like to proceed with issuing this one?
I'm afraid that we have already issued a red Writ of Challenge. Are you sure you would like to proceed with issuing this one?
I'm afraid that we have already issued a black Writ of Challenge. Are you sure you would like to proceed with issuing this one?
How might I be of service today?
Is there anything I can help you with?
Baron
Viscount
Earl
Marquis
Duke
Grand Duke
Baroness
Viscountess
Countess
Marchioness
Duchess
Grand Duchess
