My swarm of Bug-type Pokémon is in tip-top shape and buzzin' for a battle!
Now you've really gone and stirred up the hive!
Man, you and your Pokémon don't pull any punches, do you? It's OK! I'm the same way. I hate losing to anyone, so I always give it my all!
You have proven to be a wall that I am unable to surmount!
Y'know what? Climbing is a lot like solving a puzzle. It's a game of logic!
You're a tricky one! Truly a mountain that I couldn't surmount!
Maybe I should start by getting in better shape if I want to improve.
I'm ready to go! If you think you can find a weakness in my defense, come at me!
Unhh! A battle is a battle--you're gonna come at me whether you find a weakness or not...
The best way to be prepared for any kind of battle is to have lots of different Pokémon trained up.
I need a break after all this climbing and training!
No pain, no gain!
You need to keep moving forward. If you stop, you'll never reach your goal.
Only those with a noble spirit can try to take on the challenge of the Cyllage City Pokémon Gym.
This Gym was waiting for a Trainer and Pokémon like you!
You need to challenge yourself... I can tell that you and your Pokémon have strong enough spirits to understand that!
I hope the sun is shining tomorrow... That would be reason enough to smile.































Tee hee hee! Such weak prey! You've been caught right up in my Spider Web!
Ahh... No fair! My web wasn't strong enough to keep you!
Don't you think there's something romantic about chasing after glimmering droplets of water?
Hey! Are you a challenger? Come on--show me your Pokémon!
You get to see all kinds of Pokémon by hanging out in a Gym!
Up, down, left, right, crisscross... Spider Webs go in all directions! The diagonal parts are the best!
Do you have any idea how quickly Bug-type Pokémon evolve?
Wow! You evolve quickly, too!
Bug-type Pokémon evolve so quickly, I just can't keep up!
You and your Pokémon have shown me a whole new depth of field! Fantastic! Just fantastic!
What a strange Trainer you are. It was an honor to be able to battle you!
A status condition doesn't faze a capable tactician! Hey, that kinda rhymed! Go, me!
That's right! It takes a certain strength to say yes!
It's a Trainer's wit that allows his or her Pokémon to win!
I'm always grinning to make it look like I have confidence!
You and your Pokémon have what it takes to get to the top!
Now that was an invigorating battle, fit for a Pokémon Gym!
My oh my--aren't you and your Pokémon just the best of partners?
What love you have for your Pokémon! Good! Great! Fabulous!
I hope this experience will help you grow even stronger.
What I've been able to confirm is just how great you and your Pokémon are!
I must accept reality, or else I'll never get any better!






ELITEW_05
ELITEW_05
ELITEW_05
Your passion for battle inspires me!
Hey, hey! You've gotta have some impressive skating skills in order to have caught up to me! You won't show me up in battle, though!
What?! No way! You've got me beat in Pokémon battles, too?
A stellar skater and a first-class battler... Sheesh...I just can't measure up to you!
You look like you could use some lessons! Don't worry--when it comes to speed skating and Pokémon battling, you won't find a better teacher!
Looks like I've got nothing to teach you that you don't already know!
Don't worry about me! I've got my Pokémon friends here to cheer me up!
This skate-and-battle train doesn't stop for anyone! Nonstop and full speed ahead! Go, go, go!
You stopped me right in my tracks! That's no fun!
Having to stop on top of losing to you! This is like the worst day EVER!
Just who do you think you are, stopping me while I'm skating?!
Oh, you stopped me because you wanted a battle? Why didn't you just say so?
Taking a spill every once in a while is part of being a skater, just like losing a battle every once in a while is part of being a Trainer!
How could it be?!
Oof. I'd kind of forgotten how strong you are.
Oof. I'd kind of forgotten how strong you are.
Oof. I'd kind of forgotten how strong you are.
As a Pokémon Trainer, I find you really interesting.
As a Pokémon Trainer, I find you really interesting.
As a Pokémon Trainer, I find you really interesting.
Behold--the power of green! The power of nature!
From where do you get your power?
Maybe if we grew more trees and shrubs around here, our Grass-type Pokémon would get stronger!
Here to challenge the Gym, are you? Let's see your Pokémon, then!
What excellent Pokémon you have!
Keep on climbing--right to the top! Hard to believe that old man Ramos goes up and down this thing every day!
My Pokémon and I will share the joy of defeating you!
And now comes the flood of tears of regret!
You know, it's my Pokémon that wipe away my tears after a frustrating defeat!
To realize our true potential, my Pokémon and I must become connected on an emotional level!
It looks like you and your Pokémon are even more in tune with one another than my team is!
I never forget the bitter taste of defeat! It's something I don't want my Pokémon to experience ever again!
Yeh can't take things too quickly when it comes to forming a friendship with yer Pokémon, sprout!
Don't be distracted by your surroundings. Focus on unleashing your true power.
Yes! When you remain calm and undistracted, your Pokémon can realize their full potential.
I'll never regret becoming a Trainer. After all, I'd never have met my Pokémon otherwise.
You can go anywhere as long as you never give up!
There may not be anyone who can stand in the way of you and your Pokémon!
It's easy to get lost in this enigma of a Gym... Don't you get the feeling that you've been down this path before?
I had a vision that the battle we are about to have will be different from all previous battles!
You and your Pokémon look like you know how to share your burdens with one another.
Whether it was due to the guidance of the stars or the merit of my work that I'm here, I'm joyful that I was able to meet my Pokémon and come to battle against you!



Being able to keep your cool no matter the situation is a trademark of the truly powerful.
You've got my blood boiling now! I think this ice is gonna melt!
You lose your cool, and you're as good as beaten. I know this all too well, but it's hard to maintain! When I run into a strong Trainer like you, I can't stop my battling spirit from flaring up!
Freeze right there!
You've frozen my heart solid!
You think strength justifies all, do you?! Well, I suppose it does... This is a Pokémon Gym, after all.
I like to cool down and clear my head with a refreshing chilled dessert! Here, let me give you a taste!
I could really go for an ice-cold sherbet right about now!
I'll tell you a secret... Try using Ice Beam on some Berry Juice for a delicious frappé! Hey! You gotta get to know your Pokémon and their moves outside of battles, right?
They call me the queen of the ice rink!
Colder than cold! Faster than fast!
It would probably make more sense if I were actually at an ice rink...
Outstanding! I'm tough as an iceberg, but you smashed me through and through!
Your Pokémon are in for a shock!
Eep! I was the one who got shocked!
Not just anyone can find a Pikachu, you know? It's OK--you don't have to compliment me!
Come on, Scatterbug--let's powder this punk!
Cheer up, Scatterbug! We lost this time, but we'll get the next one who comes along for sure!
Keep lots of types of Pokémon with you, and you'll never get caught off guard by a type weakness.
When two Trainers' eyes meet, a Pokémon battle must begin!
You should've told me that you were THAT strong!
Time to get in some practice with the wild Pokémon in the tall grass! Oh! I'd better heal up my Pokémon first!




You may have beaten me, but when I lose, I go out in style!
Go, Team Flare!
We're Team Flare! We put the fashion into fear!
Go, go, Team Flare! ...Oh, I lost? I guess I'll stop cheering now.
Oh man! My favorite, fashionable Team Flare suit is filthy!
We're gonna take everyone else down so we can do what WE want!
Hey! You weren't supposed to beat me!
You should keep your nose out of adults' business, kid!
We were looking for Fossils but discovered a kid!
You've made me so sad! I think I'm gonna cry!
If we can restore Fossils, we can make some good money! When you've got money, you can do whatever you like!
To tell you the truth, I'm thinking of never leaving this place.
To tell you the truth, I'm not even sure if this place is real!
To tell you the truth, I'm so enchanted by my reflection here, I'm thinking of never leaving this place!
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the strongest of them all?
So, you're the strongest Trainer!
Next, I'm going to try challenging my own reflection to see who's stronger!
Whose shadow stands on the walls of Reflection Cave? 'Tis that of a Hiker!
This battle got my clothes in such a disarray! I'd better use this mirror here to tidy up!
What Pokémon comes to mind for you when you hear the word "mirror"? For me, it's Bronzor!
My only desire is to brighten my Pokémon's day by defeating you in battle!
I've made my Pokémon sad... It's all my fault! I'm too weak...
Here's a tip for you! Go down the hill up ahead, and you'll return to Route 11.
Ace Trainer? I don't know about all that. I just love Pokémon!
As a fellow Pokémon lover, you're an ace yourself!
My heart is filled with my love for Pokémon!
Since ancient times, mirrors have always possessed a kind of mystical power. I will take advantage of that power and use it to defeat you!
The mystical power bounced back and defeated me instead!
One look at your Pokémon, and I can tell what kind of Trainer you are... You might say that Pokémon are a sort of mirror to their Trainers.
BATTLE!
DESPAIR!
TRAIN!
Oh no... Just where has my darling gone off to? Sob...
I... I can't win without my darling! Sob...
I'm completely lost without my darling! Sob...
I left my darling fiancé behind and came over here all by myself.
Ooh, you're so strong! Perhaps even stronger than my fiancé.
I like to leave my fiancé behind and wander off by myself sometimes. He's so cute when he's scared!
What do you think, honey? Should we share some of our happiness with this young Trainer?
Do we really look so happy? Hmm...
Yuu: I don't mind if I lose! As long as I'm with my darling, I feel like I'm on top of the world! Ami: Well... I suppose I am rather happy.
My Pokémon on one side and my wife on the other. I tell you, life doesn't get much better than this!
Is it selfish of me to not be satisfied with what I have?
You wouldn't stand a chance against the power of our happiness with just one Pokémon!
Only one Pokémon? I think you're going to need more than that...
A Worker in a cave... Rather picturesque if I do say so myself.
You and your Pokémon make quite the picture, too!
A cave that's completely untouched... Just imagine what kind of treasures might be hidden in here! Bwa ha ha! I'm such a romantic.
Huh? What're you looking at? I'm gonna make you help me work if you lose!
That battle was a good sweat! Even a better workout than all of this diggin'!
Diggin' all day, every day. I tell you what-- this job is like paradise for Graveler.
Hey, hey! Can't you see I'm working here?
Oh no! Oh no! I'd better get back to work now!
The damp air in this cave makes my clothes stick to my skin. Anyway, back to work! Heave ho! Heave ho!
Ho ho ho. ♪ Ho ho ho. ♪ I dropped my book while I was running across. You see, it was the un-a-bridged version! Ho ho. ♪
Ho ho ho. ♪ I never hold a grudge. It's all water under the bridge!
One of these days I'm going to get in trouble for all of these dumb jokes! I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get there! Ho ho ho. ♪
Did you see that Hiker on top of the bridge? He's been running back and forth like that for the last couple of days... I wonder if he's all right...
Come to think of it, I've been standing here in the same spot for the last couple of days, too!
Don't worry about that Hiker on the bridge. You can go on ahead. I'll be sure to stick around and keep an eye on him!
People often say, "It's the beginning of the end." Whatever do they mean?
Even if I lose, it's not the end... Could that be what it means?
Perhaps it's only the end when there's nothing left... But if "nothing" is left, then that means there's "something"! Hmm...
Hi-yah! All will tremble as my manly roar echoes throughout this cave!
Grawwwooohhh! My howl of pain will be heard by all in this cave!
All this talk of roaring and howling brings the Hyper Voice move to mind! Use it in a Double or Triple Battle to hit multiple opponents at once! Rraaarrr!
Boom! One Final Gambit Low Sweep right where it counts!
Ohhh! That was a cracking Arm Thrust Counter if I do say so myself!
Ha ha! Combining move names makes them sound so cool! I came up with it, though! Don't copy me, OK?
Breathe in... Breathe out... Deep breaths... OK! Let's battle!
Breathe in... Breathe out... Deep breaths... Thank you for the battle!
Breathe in... Breathe out... Deep breaths... Breathe in... Breathe o... Cough... The oxygen in here is a bit thin, no?
We're a pair of wanderers, on a journey through Kalos with our trusty Pokémon! One of our favorite pastimes is to battle with the Trainers we encounter on our journey.
Pokémon are like treasured jewels strewn throughout the land. It's in battle where they truly get a chance to shine!
Fern: Your Pokémon shine more brightly than any jewel I've ever seen! Lee: You look like you've been to quite a few places in Kalos.
We're a pair of wanderers, on a journey through Kalos with Nidoking and our other trusty Pokémon! Whether we win or we lose, we make sure to learn from every battle and improve ourselves!
Can you feel the vibrations in the air? It's almost as if this abandoned mine is alive and breathing...
You came all this way with just one Pokémon? I'm impressed!
We wouldn't be able to show off our trademark teamwork against just one Pokémon!
Seriously, though. Who are you? Only authorized personnel are allowed in here!
I'll ask you again... Just who are you?
Who do you think you are? Team Flare is busy...redirecting...the power that's supposed to go to Lumiose City, see? Don't get in our way!
Are you trying to play us for a fool, kid? You don't seriously think you can just barge in here and take us on all by yourself, do you?
I can't believe I lost to some little kid. I must look like such a fool.
What is with you anyway? You're a fool if you think you can do anything all by yourself!
If my analysis is correct--and it always is--this battle is 100 percent a failure on my part.
Hey! Stop right there, intruder! I'll warn you now--I can be persistent!
Hrmph! I lost on purpose!
Now I'm mad! I told you I was persistent! I refuse to budge from this spot! Not an inch!
Oh, I sure do love me a good happening! I love the feel of accomplishment that comes with overcoming a challenge!
Now you're a Trainer who knows how to bring a good happening!
My life is full of happenings... Maybe that's not so bad, though!
Aren't these sunglasses the coolest? I bet you're jealous! Too bad--you can't have them!
The future doesn't look very bright for me! Oh! I wonder if it's because I'm wearing sunglasses.
It's as if I was looking at you through rose-colored glasses!
Go, Team Flare! Go, go, Team Flare! F to the L to the A to the R to the E! F-L-A-R-E! We bring it! You know it!
...Go, Team Flare, go! ...Go, go, Team Flare!
Simple defeat won't stop me from cheering! Go, Team Flare! Go, go, Team Flare! F to the L to the A to the R to the E!
What do I want to do? Hmmm... How about inflicting some serious pain on your Pokémon?
I only succeeded in hurting MY Pokémon!
You should do what you wanna do, too!
You'll not get past me! My pride is enough to keep you at bay!
Losing to you doesn't mean anything! My pride remains unscathed!
I may not have been able to stop you, but I ain't apologizing to nobody! The person up top who assigned me to this post is at fault--not me!
You're quite strong. Oh yes--very strong, indeed.
The best way to learn about a move is to have your Pokémon use it!
Wow! That move packs a punch, all right!
A move's power can change depending on the target it hits!
Mommy told me that I should battle anyone who greets me!
Mommy told me to be polite, especially when I lose!
Mommy didn't tell me to, but I'm going to play with my Pokémon!
Pokémon battles are really hard... I just let Pichu do what it wants.
Pichu, did we lose?
I'm gonna go ask Viola to teach me how to battle! She's so cool! She's the Gym Leader in Santalune City!
Hey! My Pokémon and I are studying! Wanna join us?
Just studying isn't enough! I need to practice more with real battles!
I'd better go to the Trainers' School and learn everything from scratch!
I can tell by the look on your face that you just love Pokémon!
This battle made it even more clear to me! You really love Pokémon!
Pokémon can be difficult at times, but everything will be OK if you show them that you love them!
I love my Pokémon. ♪ I love my Pokémon. ♪
You and your Pokémon look like you have something stronger than mere love!
Even if you can't communicate with words, you can still have a loving relationship with your Pokémon!
I'm warnin' ya, youngster--my Corphish here has some sharp pincers!
Ohhh! You cut us right down to size!
To keep this garden lookin' fine and proper, it's important to have the right kinds of Pokémon!
Behold these glorious moves that have been honed and perfected in the garden!
Looks like your combination with your Pokémon was even more honed than mine!
If you run into Ramos from Coumarine City on your travels, give him my best, will ya?
Parterre Way is famous for these hedgerow gardens! If you can defeat me, I'll tell what their official name is!
I'm a pro when it comes to gardens. You're a pro when it comes to Pokémon!
As promised, I'll tell you the official name! They're known as geometric gardens!









C'mon, Goldeen! Let's show them what we're made of!
Goldeen, Marill, I'm so sorry! I'll get you both healed right up at the Pokémon Center!
I just love Water-type Pokémon! Some of the Grass- and Fire-type Pokémon are cute, too!
I care less about battling than just showing off my awesome Pokémon to everyone!
Oh no! Flabébé, are you OK? It's all my fault! I'm so sorry!
Isn't my Flabébé just the cutest thing ever?



Check it out! I just traded for a cool new Pokémon!
Splish, splash... Splish, splash, splosh...
I just received Magikarp in a trade, so we haven't gotten used to each other yet!
Hey! Hey! Listen! I'm gonna win this battle!
Come on! No fair! You weren't supposed to win!
No, I'm not mad! I'm just going to train my Budew even more!



I battle just like I skate! Nonstop victory is the only way for me!
Wow! You've got some crazy Pokémon there! Mind if I put some roller skates on them?
It doesn't get much better than Lumiose City for us skaters! The streets are wide and the pavement is smooth--it's perfect for skating!
I love Pokémon battles, but they'd be even better if I didn't have to stop skating!
The moment I stop, down flutters the Fletchling!
I took up roller skating so I could chase after the Fletchling that fly around here.
You look like a seasoned traveler! I bet you're good at battling, too!
You're just as good as I thought!
Seasoned travelers stride with confidence. I can identify one at a glance!
People say we're like two peas in a pod!
They say we're two halves of a whole!
Faith: Ahh... Joy: Umm...
What's a "dubbel-battel"? Can you eat it? Is it tasty?
What's "co-opper-ashun"? Pokémon battles are hard...
You're silly! You can't play with just one Pokémon!
Nuh uh! We can't have a "dubbel-battel" against just one Pokémon!
I haven't been able to sleep very well for days! I don't know if I'm up for a battle...
I knew it... I really gotta get some sleep!
It's impossible to get a wink in with the Vital Spirit Ability!



The rules of a Pokémon battle are simple, you see. Rule one: battle. Rule two: win!
You followed the rules perfectly!
Route 5 is our street, you know? We call it Versant Road... It's the place to be if you want to see some sick skating tricks and hot Pokémon moves!
I'm working on some synchronized tricks with my Pokémon, but we can't get our timing right... Let me practice against you!
Gah!
I just want to come up with a stylish trick that works in both Bunnelby's and Skiddo's cool moves!
Hi! Wanna know why I always wear shorts when I walk through the tall grass?
Because they're comfy and easy to wear!
I really like shorts! You should totally give them a try sometime!
Shorts are the coolest! And the comfiest!
Whenever I'm feeling down after losing a battle, I just think, "At least I've still got my shorts!"
I couldn't think of wearing anything but shorts. How do other people do it?
Let's start a secret battle in the tall grass!
Oh, you're very strong. What a surprise!
Why do I wrap myself in tall grass? Because I want to be a Pokémon!
This tall grass is taller than I am! Yer tellin' me there're Pokémon lurkin' in here?
Bwa ha ha! I love findin' myself a Trainer stronger than I am! Gives me somethin' to work toward.
I'm gonna keep travelin' this wide world of ours and try to find more strong Trainers like you!
I came all the way from the Unova region to see Parfum Palace!
Man... Talk about culture shock...
I tell ya, you really need to get out there and see the world for yourself to really understand it.
Today is the day that I begin my path to becoming the Champion! I'll start things off by defeating you!
Hmm... Maybe I should start tomorrow.
I'll be the Champion someday... You'll see! You'll all see!
Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! With my shorts on, I can run like the wind!
You may have defeated me, but that's not gonna stop me from running! Zoom!
Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! Secret training in the tall grass! Doduo ain't got nothin' on me!
Think you can defeat a man at the peak of his happiness? Think again!
A little defeat like this won't get me down! I'm on my honeymoon, after all!
A tree-lined lane is the perfect spot to pledge your dedication to your partner! That goes for Trainers and their Pokémon, too!
I'm determined to see everything Kalos has to offer! Come on--bring out your Pokémon!
Wow! You're really good! Are you a famous person in these parts?
They should really write about you in a travel guidebook!
Why do I travel? Why do I battle? Allow me to demonstrate!
Did you see your Pokémon smile just now?
I travel around the world, because I just love seeing Pokémon smile!
I bet you thought I was just some unassuming Tourist! I happen to be a seasoned battler, too!
Wha-what?!
I wish I could take your Pokémon home with me! Just joking! Just joking! I couldn't separate your Pokémon from a fabulous Trainer like you!
Tee hee hee! Come join us for a Pokémon battle! I'm confident that you'll love your Pokémon even more after we're done!
Har har har! I can see it on your face! I can feel it in the air around you! You're a Trainer who loves hiser Pokémon!
Erin: Now I'm head over heels for your fantastic Pokémon! Jan: Har har har! Good effort, my beloved Furfrou! You're the best!
When it comes to who loves their Pokémon more, I'm afraid I'm in the lead over my husband! Only by one point, though!
I've been competing with my wife over which one of us loves our Furfrou the most! I think we're pretty even at this point!
It's great that you trust your Pokémon so much, but you'll need more than one to battle us.
Oh... You've only got one Pokémon fit for battle with you? Come back when you have more!
A blank canvas before me and yet no inspiration from which to paint!
I've got it!
A blank canvas means the possibilities are endless! I believe I'll paint the comings and goings of Trainers like you along this fine Rivière Walk!
A heated battle against a traveling Trainer should provide me with just the inspiration I need!
Excellent! Thanks! It's been ages since I worked up a good sweat like this from a Pokémon battle.
The passion of our battle will surely inspire me to paint something astonishing!
So, I'm good at raising Pokémon, and you're good at Pokémon battles. Right?
Whoa... You're good at both raising Pokémon and battling! Impressive!
Any Pokémon you leave at the Pokémon Day Care will continue to learn moves while you're away. So, be careful! You might come back one day and find that your Pokémon has forgotten a move that you wanted it to keep!
How well have you raised your Pokémon? Let's have a battle, and I'll let you know!
Mmm hmm! You're really good at this whole Pokémon-raising thing!
Remember--Pokémon will never evolve while in the Pokémon Day Care.
Check out my awesome kimono! It's a famous design from the Johto region.
Johto kimonos are the coolest!
Thanks to Laverre City's Gym Leader, Valerie, and her amazing designs, kimono fashion is becoming really popular in Kalos!
They're just stones, right?
Definitely just stones, don't you think?
Yeah... What else would they be but stones?
You there! You're the perfect model for our next painting!
Show us a magnificent display in battle to get this painting started!
Mona: Yahoo! This is gonna be our best work yet! Paolo: I'll never forget our battle together!
This canvas will come alive with the excitement of our battle!
After getting inspiration from an exhilarating battle, it's almost like my brush moves on its own!
Come back when you have more Pokémon ready to battle with you!
I want to see even more of your Pokémon! Come back with more, please!
Swish! Swish! Swish! You wouldn't believe how much I've practiced my casting technique! Time to see the results!
Swish! Swish! I guess I need more practice...
Swish! Swish! Swish! I guess practicing my casting technique doesn't really have anything to do with Pokémon battles...
You're a big one, all right! I can tell from my years of experience as a Fisherman!
I knew you were a big one! I could tell from my many years as a Fisherman!
When you have many years of experience like me, you can tell a lot of things in life!
No matter how much we fish, the ocean stays blue. So, does the ground never change no matter how much we battle?
Defeat! Oh, woe is me! I'll sink this feeling of despair to the bottom of the ocean!
I'm too scared of the deep parts, so I just stick to the shallows.
My Machop and I walk these mountain paths in our bare feet! Think you can take us on?
Hrmm... It appears that building a thick skin on one's feet does not make one stronger in battle...
It's great to feel the earth between your toes! Walking around in bare feet is the best!
We're flying high! High as the sky!
We're falling down! Down to the ground!
You blasted us off high into the sky!
Preparations completed! It's Sky Battle time!
Ahh... The wide-open sky... It goes on as far as the eye can see...
Time to use Roost along with my Jumpluff!
Onward to the wild blue yonder! A new world awaits!
I'm still not used to this whole Sky Battle thing...
You look as if you're ready to free yourself from the restrictions of gravity and set off for the stars!
I'm afraid I've got the home advantage when it comes to battling in the water! Don't drown, OK?
Awk... Gasp... Gak... Ugh... You sank me good!
I wish I could swim in the shallow parts... Actually, I wish I could swim on the ground, too!
Think you got what it takes to swim the great ocean?
With strength like that, you won't have any problems!
Pokémon are always nearby, ready to save people from drowning, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't learn how to swim properly!
Normally I'd sink like a brick, but when I'm with my Pokémon, swimming is no problem at all!
Hey! I told you I'm a poor swimmer! Throw me a line!
I love going wading with my web-footed pals!
I'm getting tired of wearing this swimsuit. I think I'll make this my last battle in it!
I'm not tired of wearing swimsuits--just of this one! All I need to do is buy a new one!
I wonder which town's boutique I should shop at for my new swimsuit! Each boutique carries different colors, so it's hard to make up my mind!
I was just about to set off on a swimming marathon with my girlfriend and our Pokémon!
Oh, great! You're just in time to provide us with some good warm-up exercises!
Kai: Ugh... I think I pulled a muscle! Lani: Whew... I'm completely spent! I think I gotta lie down.
As long as you're prepared, you can take on anything!
After a battle like that, I'd say a nap is called for!
You're gonna need more than just one Pokémon if you hope to defeat us!
You're not prepared at all! Come back when you have more than one Pokémon with you!
"Dream big" is what I say! You're looking at the future Champion, after all! Bring it on!
Wha-wha-what?! Perhaps that future-Champion stuff is all just a dream in the end...
OK. I'll settle for being part of the Elite Four! OK. OK. I'll settle for being a Gym Leader. But then again, I did say I should dream big... Got it! I'll be the BEST Gym Leader in the world!
According to my predictions, this victory is as good as mine! Now to put them to the test!
Hmm... That certainly didn't go as it did in my predictions...
If I keep up these predictions, I'm sure reality will eventually catch up to me!
With my rubber flying suit, I can completely shrug off Electric-type moves!
Wait! It doesn't matter if I'M wearing the suit... It's my Pokémon that are taking the hits!
Figuring out how to defend against Electric-type moves is a never-ending challenge for Flying types!
I can feel the energy from these stones enhancing my already potent psychic powers!
I couldn't control my overflowing power!
I wonder what relationship these Route 10 stones have with energy...
Stop right there! I remember you! You're the one who foiled our Fossil-finding plans! All right! Time for me to get some sweet revenge... With style!
You may have beaten me...again. But when I lose, I go out in style!
What the... How could I lose again to a little punk like you? What are you, some kind of Trainer prodigy or something?
You inspect the stones... I inspect YOU!
As a result of my inspection, I can tell that you're stronger than I am!
Strong you may be, but this stylish Team Flare suit would simply not look good on you.
Can't you see we adults are busy? Don't interrupt our work, kid!
Well, if that's how you're going to be, I'll just stop working! Harrumph!
Is discovering the secrets of these stones really a job for adults?
To have a battle at a famous sightseeing spot! Oh, this will make for a great memory!
It doesn't matter that I lost! I'll treasure this memory forever.
They call them standing stones because they're standing up in a row. That's what my travel guide says, at least!
This place is flowing with power. I often come here to recharge!
Wow! You and your Pokémon's power levels are incredible! They're over 9,000 for sure!
I want to find out what these stones have to do with the energy levels in this area.
A Battle Girl's power comes from her belt, you know?
Gotta keep my belt tied tight, or I can't unleash my true power!
With an Expert Belt, supereffective moves do 20 percent more damage! Cool, huh? That's not all! With a Black Belt, Fighting-type moves do 20 percent more damage! Belts rule!
I use everything I have as a source of my power: my body, my spirit, and my emotions!
You and your Pokémon were far more powerful than I could have imagined...
I use the power from my body, spirit, and emotions to foresee what tactics my opponents may employ!
This suit has been specially designed to reduce wind resistance! Off I go!
It appears that the damage resistance was reduced as well!
Perhaps I just need to make my suit tighter... Yeah, that's the ticket!
Hi-yah! Ichi! Ni! San! All of my training was for this match!
Rah! Huh! Hi-yah! Behold the results of my training!
Frank: Ahh... Ahh... Arrrggghhh! Waahhh! Sly: It's going to be OK! Don't cry! We did our best!
I really need to stop crying every time I lose a battle...
You only cry because Pokémon battles are so important to you! That's a good thing!
I would never consider a match where the odds are unfairly in my favor! Bring more Pokémon!
I'm afraid we can't battle against you if you only have one Pokémon that's ready to go.
I grew tired of the city life and decided to wander the world. I'm not aiming for anywhere in particular.
I suppose I won't find victory in battle either, unless I aim for it.
Sometimes I find myself just gazing at the ranch and completely lose track of the time.
I like to bury my face in the fur around Tauros's neck and take a big whiff of its scent! It's a jinx for battle, I hear!
Oh, that's right. A jinx is something that brings you bad luck... Oops!
I wish I could talk with my Pokémon and ask them how they want to be raised.
You're about to find out just how strong my family is!
Wow... We lost! It looks like your family was even stronger!
Both Seviper and Miltank are important members of my family!
Fishing is all about catching and releasing!
I wouldn't have lost so badly if I just released sooner!
Catch and release! Catch and release! That's what's important when it comes to fishing!
Swimmin' alone! Swimmin' alone! Oooh yeah!
Losin' a battle with my Binacle! Ohhh no!
I love my Binacle and all, but I feel like there's something missing from my life... Like a girlfriend... Yeah!
Do you like fairy tales or reality more?
I wish I could live inside of a fairy tale...
I can't wait to read the rest of Shauntal's latest novel!
I've known forever--since my previous life--that we would meet here today and face off!
I lost?! I LOST?! What wizardry is this?! Did you somehow rewrite the laws of causality?!
I... I just obey... If that is what fate dictates, then I shall obey...
Become one with nature to understand how Pokémon truly feel!
What amazing power! Do you understand how Pokémon feel?
As long as you have a deep connection with your Pokémon, there's no telling how high you can go!
To feel shame is to be alive... In attempt to never forget that, I battle against Trainers like you.
What incredible power... I feel something awakening inside me!
Perhaps... Perhaps I should engage with more living, breathing people... Nature and change... Hmmm... Am I evolving?!
Look what I've found! It's a Trainer!
Keep your eyes peeled, and you never know what you'll find!
Maybe I'll try mimicking Arbok's Dig move to create a hideout around here.



I only make friends with people from whom I can learn something.
Whoa! You're incredible! Hey, let's be friends! I could learn a lot from you!
Sure, I may be nothing special right now... But I'm going to keep learning from my Pokémon and fellow Trainers!
I get the feeling from you and your Pokémon that you really know your business! Let's find out!
Wow, you're good! You took my pride and smashed it to pieces!
And there I went, thinking I had become strong... You beat me badly, and it feels great! What's destroyed once can be rebuilt! Out with the old me and in with the new!
Is Pokémon battling just a hobby to you, or do you want to become a pro?
I'll be sure to learn from this defeat and improve myself!
The Pokémon League is close, yet so far away! Time to put the pressure on myself and my partners so we can challenge it sooner rather than later!
I learned all of my Pokémon-battling techniques from Viola--the Gym Leader!
Whoa! You might be even stronger than Viola!
Viola only raises the types of Pokémon that she likes. But you know what? It's probably a better idea to train lots of different types of Pokémon to be ready for any opponent!
You know what this is, right? It's the beginning of a Pokémon battle.
I may have lost, but that doesn't devalue the effort my Pokémon put in!
Maybe I should work on training up Metapod and having it evolve... When Pokémon evolve, they change shape and get stronger!
Go, go, Bunnelby! We'll do this as a team!
To tell you the truth, Bunnelby is the only Pokémon I've got...
Hee hee hee! I just love Bunnelby's fluffy ears! So cute!
Hey! I wasn't done watching my cute Li'l Froakie yet!
Hey! I wasn't done watching my cute Li'l Chespin yet!
Hey! I wasn't done watching my cute Li'l Fennekin yet!



The best part about Pokémon battles is that they can happen anytime, with anyone, anywhere!
I've got to keep battling and training up my really awesome Pokémon team!
Duh! I can't believe I forgot that Potions can be used even during a battle!
















































Create your own path. Let nothing get in your way. Your fate, your future.

That battle may have tired me out even more than my Pokémon...

You wrapped up the battle before I could reach my top speed!
Don't we just look like a bunch of dolls in a doll house?
You're no doll! You're a true Pokémon Trainer!
Unlike dolls, Pokémon are living, breathing creatures and they can get angry at times. But that's part of what makes them so cute!
I looked up to Valerie so much that I came here to learn from her!
Waaah! Lady Valerie! I need your help!
I still have a lot to learn about both fashion and Pokémon battles if I want to be amazing like Lady Valerie...
This Furisode Girl had her clothing designed by the one and only Valerie! How do I look? I must live up to Valerie's beautiful design by displaying an equally beautiful battle technique!
So strong... So beautiful...
Things that are truly beautiful are difficult to describe with mere words.
Did you know that a certain type of move has no effect against our beloved Fairy-type Pokémon?
There are some types of moves that are very strong against Fairy types, though...
What type of move has no effect against Fairy-type Pokémon? I think you know the answer...
Glorious! The trust that you share with your honorable Pokémon surpasses even mine!
What news... So a new challenger has defeated Malva of the Elite Four!
Oh, dear me. That sure was a quick battle... I do hope you'll come back again sometime!
I shall store my memory of you and your Pokémon forever away within my heart.
Witnessing the noble spirits of you and your Pokémon in battle has really touched my heart...
What an incredible bond you have! What amazing power!
Tee hee hee... It was just as I imagined!
Oh no... A falling star... Have I really fallen so far?
There's a pain in my chest... Could that be the feeling of my heart being crushed?
I'm so embarrassed by my absolutely disgraceful display...
Aw, I've gone and done it this time! That was a right terrible defeat!
Hmph. It seems you've got some skill with Pokémon, despite your total lack of fashion.
It's kind of, like, refreshing to lose for once. 'Cause I've been such a winner in life, y'know?
Yes! This is what I wanted! I just love a good, sound defeat!
Hmm... I didn't see that one coming. You're a tricky one indeed!
I gave it my all. There's nothing left in me! As such, you won't hear any regrets from me.
Tee hee hee! It's just like the rumors say-- you're the real thing!
How could it be? Luck was certainly on your side to have defeated one so great as I!
I won't stand for it! Do you have any idea how much money I've poured into these Pokémon?
It's true that I may have lost this time... But you'll not best me again!
Heh-heh-heh... Isn't this a little odd? A first-class gentleman wouldn't lose, right?
Urk! Is my secret out?!
I've brought shame upon my family's name! I can't bear to face my father after this...
A true star like me knows how to lose with grace and style!
Maman! You must come at once! I'm in dire need of assistance against this Trainer!
Tsk... However did this happen? How undignified of me to lose like this...
Never! I shan't kneel before the likes of you!
Really? Couldn't you have just lost for me? You sure are stingy with the favors...
My, my... It seems I was perhaps a little hasty.
Impressive... Your technique leaves nothing to be desired.
To have defeated a seasoned battler like myself... You're not just any ordinary child, are you?
Please accept my apologies! It was my master...
So, you are a fine master to your Pokémon...
And now we shall begin. En garde!
Glorious! The trust that you share with your honorable Pokémon surpasses even mine!
What now? What sweet, glorious pain and joy now rock my mighty heart?
I am Malva, and I shall be your opponent today.
You have secured a noble victory over Malva of the Elite Four!
That fire within me burns too hotly to be contained!
Oh goodness. Hello to you! Welcome, welcome. Come in.
Oh, dear me. That sure was a quick battle... I do hope you'll come back again sometime!
You and your Pokémon are simply too charming! I'm so tickled!
Ingrain forever upon your heart and mind even that which will fade and disappear!
I shall store my memory of you and your Pokémon forever away within my heart.
You must devote yourself entirely! That is the fate for any human.
My lens is always focused on victory. I won't let anything ruin this shot!
Ohhh! No one enjoys losing, but you all were such great opponents!
The conclusion of a heated match between two Trainers always brings a great photo op!
You've come to honor me with a rematch? I hope I have what it takes to meet your challenge!
You continue to be a wall that I am unable to surmount!
I do believe that the only obstacle left for you to overcome on your journey is yourself.
Time for Lady Korrina's big appearance!
It's your very being that allows your Pokémon to evolve!
I just can't compare to you! I'll leave my hopes of discovering how Pokémon Mega Evolve all up to you!
I tell yeh, sprout, the teamwork between me and my Pokémon's been cultivated over many a year!
A true friendship with Pokémon takes time. Yeh can't force it, yeh little whippersnapper!
Yeh did well, sprout.
Behold the power of my new and improved Pokémon team! They've all been powered up by the Pokémon-training machine I invented!
Your passion for battle inspires me!
Looks like I need to do a full overhaul of my Pokémon-training machine to power it up! After that, it's time to power up my Pokémon team! I suppose I could use some powering up myself, as well...
The elusive Fairy may appear frail as the breeze and delicate as a bloom, but they are strong.
I hope that you will find things worth smiling about tomorrow...
Your battling technique and your fashion sense are both captivating... Simply captivating...
It's a ritual-- challenging your Pokémon. The battle begins!
Create your own path. Let nothing get in your way. Your fate, your future.
Memories are life. Battles become memories. Proof we are alive.
Let's get this show on the road!
Outstanding! I'm tough as an iceberg, but you smashed me through and through!
Impressive! Your Pokémon fought with great courage. I can tell that you've trained your Pokémon well.
My lens is always focused on victory. I won't let anything ruin this shot!
Ohhh! No one enjoys losing, but you all were such great opponents!
The conclusion of a heated match between two Trainers always brings a great photo op!
You've come to honor me with a rematch? I hope I have what it takes to meet your challenge!
You continue to be a wall that I am unable to surmount!
I do believe that the only obstacle left for you to overcome on your journey is yourself.
Time for Lady Korrina's big appearance!
It's your very being that allows your Pokémon to evolve!
I just can't compare to you! I'll leave my hopes of discovering how Pokémon Mega Evolve all up to you!
I tell yeh, sprout, the teamwork between me and my Pokémon's been cultivated over many a year!
A true friendship with Pokémon takes time. Yeh can't force it, yeh little whippersnapper!
Yeh did well, sprout.
Behold the power of my new and improved Pokémon team! They've all been powered up by the Pokémon-training machine I invented!
Your passion for battle inspires me!
Looks like I need to do a full overhaul of my Pokémon-training machine to power it up! After that, it's time to power up my Pokémon team! I suppose I could use some powering up myself, as well...
The elusive Fairy may appear frail as the breeze and delicate as a bloom, but they are strong.
I hope that you will find things worth smiling about tomorrow...
Your battling technique and your fashion sense are both captivating... Simply captivating...
It's a ritual-- challenging your Pokémon. The battle begins!
Create your own path. Let nothing get in your way. Your fate, your future.
Memories are life. Battles become memories. Proof we are alive.
Let's get this show on the road!
Outstanding! I'm tough as an iceberg, but you smashed me through and through!
Impressive! Your Pokémon fought with great courage. I can tell that you've trained your Pokémon well.
I can't wait to see what you and your Pokémon are capable of now that I know what you've already accomplished!
Witnessing the noble spirits of you and your Pokémon in battle has really touched my heart...
I think I know now why you're so strong. You and your Pokémon complement one another perfectly. Together, you become more capable than you could ever be when apart.
Hey! What do you think you're doing? You've gotten my sleeves all dirty!
I've got better things to do with my time than sit about here, battling with random Trainers.
You defeated me completely... Does this mean I'm worthless now?
What? Huh? No way! How could I lose?!
See? I told you all... This one is too strong for us...
Are you for real? Like really? I didn't stand a chance!
Tee hee hee! There are still plenty of tricks up my sleeve...
What? It's over already?! No way! Come on! Let's go again!
Mmm... How invigorating!
It's not that I underestimated you, but I certainly didn't expect this!
Mmm... What magnificent power! You're the real thing, aren't you?
This just doesn't seem right... Did I somehow end up with a knockoff?
How painful and distressing it is to lose... A lot like life, I suppose.
I can't stand it! It's almost as distressing as not having money!
You're something special, aren't you? Yes, quite the delight indeed.
Forgive me, darling... I am still so weak without you...
I may have an eye for business opportunities, but it appears that I'm blind when it comes to battles.
This battle has made me feel my own deficiencies...to a painful degree!
Life is so dull that I find it ever so challenging to keep myself entertained every day...
To think that I would have to add such a word as "defeat" to my mighty lexicon...
See? I really do know nothing. Perhaps I'm not cut out for the battling life...
Huff... Puff... Too much... I can't do it anymore...
Heh heh heh... Even if I lose, my dandyism never will!
Mon...sieur...
The pain of this defeat is nothing compared to the struggles I faced daily before finding success!
You've got some potential there, kid... The future is bright for you--that's for sure.
Whoa-ho! I sure did underestimate you! You pack quite a punch, don't you?
Dressing to look the part means nothing if you can't back it up with true ability!
Hee haw! You beat me good, there!
Losing every once in a while is part of the fun! My life is all about battling, after all...
Well, your skills in battle certainly leave nothing to be desired.
EMERGENCY! EMERGENCY! ABORT MISSION IMMEDIATELY.
Getting defeated so badly like this... You make me feel like rubbish!
If I knew your Pokémon were so strong, I would have challenged YOU to a one-on-one battle!
This isn't the end for me! I'm going to get stronger and make more money! You'll see...
You're a guyirl who knows how to enjoy hiser salad!
Come back again when you've honed your palette enough to appreciate my fine dishes!
Something about you vaguely reminds me of Siebold from the Elite Four...
What an amazing technique you have!
What a brilliant victory! Congratulations!
Amazing! Absolutely amazing! You've shown me a new world of Pokémon battling!
It's decided! You are quite simply the best! To put it any other way would not do you justice!
What an amazing technique you have!
What a brilliant victory! Congratulations!
Amazing! Absolutely amazing! You've shown me a new world of Pokémon battling!
It's decided! You are quite simply the best! To put it any other way would not do you justice!
Now this is how you do a Double Battle!
Huff puff... Hahh hahh...
A perfect Pokémon battle! Much like a perfect blend of magnificent spices!
My well-marinated battling technique did not stand up to your refined palette!
I'm going to be in so much trouble for messing up like this!
Now this is how you do a Triple Battle!
Huff puff... Hahh hahh...
A perfect Pokémon battle! Much like a perfect blend of magnificent spices!
My well-marinated battling technique did not stand up to your refined palette!
I'm going to be in so much trouble for messing up like this!
Now this is how you do a Rotation Battle!
Huff puff... Hahh hahh...
A perfect Pokémon battle! Much like a perfect blend of magnificent spices!
My well-marinated battling technique did not stand up to your refined palette!
I'm going to be in so much trouble for messing up like this!
Sushi and Pokémon battles make for a perfect night in Lumiose, huh?
Oh noes! Wow, you totally beat me! ♪
Fantabulous! That was praiseworthy indeed!
This cannot be... I cannot go on...
You're somethin' else! Even more somethin' else than I thought!
Sushi and Pokémon battles make for a perfect night in Lumiose, huh?
Oh noes! Wow, you totally beat me! ♪
Fantabulous! That was praiseworthy indeed!
This cannot be... I cannot go on...
You're somethin' else! Even more somethin' else than I thought!
Sushi and Pokémon battles make for a perfect night in Lumiose, huh?
Oh noes! Wow, you totally beat me! ♪
Fantabulous! That was praiseworthy indeed!
This cannot be... I cannot go on...
You're somethin' else! Even more somethin' else than I thought!
Without you, I... Sorry. It's nothing.
Without you, I... Sorry. It's nothing.
Without you, I... Sorry. It's nothing.
Without you, I... Sorry. Never mind.
Without you, I... Sorry. Never mind.
Without you, I... Sorry. Never mind.
Ha ha! You're too much for me! You're really something, aren't you?
I need my stylish red Team Flare suit to unleash my full power...
Was I actually a part of Team Flare, or was I just a Waitress?
Excellent! I can feel the fire of your convictions burning deep within your heart!
Oh ho ho! You're wonderful! Your Pokémon are amazing!
Oooh, you are strong! You and your Pokémon are most certainly not ordinary!
Ah ha ha ha! You beat us good. Wow, we are sooo lame.
Your ability flies in the face of all probability! Just what is the source of your power?
You sure are an interesting Trainer. You're far more capable than our useless Grunts.
Time for me to lay waste to you and your Pokémon and finally get recognized by the admins!
No good! No good! The admins are gonna be so mad!
We were told that as long as we created a ruckus, we could advance within Team Flare. Those Scientists get special treatment, though! They're real close to Lysandre, after all.
No really, I understand. It's only natural to be jealous of a suit as stylin' as mine.
Win or lose, style is all! In a suit like this, I've got standards to live up to!
I hate to break it to you, but you're better off just giving up! You really have to look good in a suit to be considered for Team Flare.
We in Team Flare burn with ambition!
Ohhh... You put out my fire... I'm nothing but cold ashes now...
Those who live life with a burning passion must eventually burn out and extinguish, right?
You'd better have come here prepared! Both you and your Pokémon!
Behold the moment of my defeat! Don't even think about blinking!
I lived my life just as I wanted to! I haven't a care at all for what becomes of the world!
Many say that the world is important--that the world deserves to be saved and cared for. But what is "the world" to such people? Surely they speak only of the world they know personally. The scope of which is minuscule in comparison to the grand scheme of things!
Team Flare cares only about creating a world that benefits Team Flare! At least we're honest!
Lysandre does whatever he can to help us realize our goals. Surely he deserves respect for that!
You'll be captivated by the warp panel and transported away!
I prefer relaxing breathing exercises to battles...
The warp panels transport both happiness and sadness in equal measure.
I'm gonna send you spinning!
Whatever. I care not if I lose. I'll be in a brand- new world of beauty and perfection soon!
Stepping on the spin panels will send you spinning until you run into something!
Wow, you came all this way? I suppose I'd better cheer... Go, Team Flare! Go, go, Team Flare! F to the L to the A to the R to the E!
...Just who was I cheering for?
We were researching the ultimate weapon along with Lysandre and his team of Scientists in order to bring about world peace!
Looks like...I lost.
Looks like...I lost.
Looks like...I lost.
So...I lost, then.
So...I lost, then.
So...I lost, then.
Why am I still playing catch-up to you?!
Why am I still playing catch-up to you?!
Why am I still playing catch-up to you?!
Am I just not good enough to bring out the best in my Pokémon?
Am I just not good enough to bring out the best in my Pokémon?
Am I just not good enough to bring out the best in my Pokémon?
Wha-what?!
When I beat you, tears will fall from your eyes like Poké Balls rolling down a conveyor!
Please, take me away on the conveyor to a world without pain!
Even if I lose, more will come--like Poké Balls rolling down a conveyor!
I'm a nameless Team Flare Grunt. I've yet to make a name for myself.
I'm a nameless Grunt who lost. I've yet to make a name for myself.
I'm a nameless Team Flare Grunt. And that's all I'll ever be...
This is the trademark pose of Team Flare! It's the very definition of fashionable!
I was up all night practicing this pose!
Ahh... I see! My hand was pointing at the wrong angle. That's why I lost!
Don't worry, be happy!
Hard to be happy when you lose... Where did I go wrong?
I can't help but worry when I lose, though... I mean, I'm kind of a scrub, you know?
Ball! Ball! Poké Ball! Ball! Ball! Ultra Ball!
Ball! Ball! No Ball?! Oh no! I don't have any Balls to throw!
Whatever! If we steal the Poké Balls, only Team Flare will have Pokémon!
Celosia: No way! Wow, we are lame.
Bryony: Probability is just probability, after all... Absolutes do not exist.
You may have beaten me...again and again. But like I always say, when I lose, I go out in style!
Fashionable people can battle, too!
Fashionable people can be sad, too!
Fashionable people can lose, too!
Hmm... How do you think I could reverse time to the point before I lost?
Not just strong... TOO strong! Not ordinary, indeed...
You and your Pokémon have tremendous power! Keep on surging into the future!
Battling with you is fun, but losing all the time doesn't really make me look all that good.
Battling with you is fun, but losing all the time doesn't really make me look all that good.
Battling with you is fun, but losing all the time doesn't really make me look all that good.
I really enjoy battling with you, but I'm getting tired of losing every time...
I really enjoy battling with you, but I'm getting tired of losing every time...
I really enjoy battling with you, but I'm getting tired of losing every time...
Battles with friends are really, really exciting!
Battles with friends are really, really exciting!
Battles with friends are really, really exciting!
It's weird, but... I don't get that down when I lose to you.
You're even stronger than I thought!
You are really something! You and your Pokémon have developed strong bonds by spending time together and by caring about one another. That's why you and your Pokémon are so strong.
Oh, hi! Are you here to interview me?
You're not here from TV then?
I don't get it! I'm out here every day protecting nature and all that, and I don't get a single interview from anyone! What's up with that?
Whoa! Don't sneak up on me like that!
Haha! I guess you were the one who got surprised here!
I've never been great at talking to other people. That's why I became a Pokémon Ranger. Why, you ask? We rangers can spend all day just hiding out in nature. That's why!
SURPRISE! I know you didn't invite me, but here I am! Hahaha! I got you good, didn't I?
Whoa! You're strong! YOU got ME good!
Hiding in the fallen leaves like this makes me feel like a ninja! Fear the Pokémon Ranger! Or should I say, "The Pokémon Ninja"? Hahaha!
If it weren't for a certain benefactor of mine, I wouldn't be a Pokémon Ranger today.
I'm thankful every single day! For Trainers like you and for my Pokémon!
It was a man called Lysandre who helped me out long ago and kept me on this path. I wonder how he's doing these days...
Poké Balls are round! The world is also round!
Win or lose, Poké Balls remain round!
I'm feeling well rounded today!
Uh huh huh huh huh... Did you hear the voice, too? That's why you're here, right? Uh huh...
Oh, forget this whole Hex Maniac act!
I don't think I'm cut out for being a Hex Maniac! I have no idea how I'm supposed to act...
Want to see the scary side of the Fairy type? I'll show you!
Ohhh... The battle ended before I got a chance to show you!
What's scary about Fairy types? It's that they're so cute and pretty!
Eep! Who are you?! Why are you talking to me?! Is it a battle you want?! A battle?!
Oh, you! If it's a battle you want, we won't refuse!
Rune: Eeeeep! Rime: Hey, that was fun!
Why are you still staring at me? I can feel you judging me! Stop it!
That Pokémon battle was a lot of fun!
Eep! How come you only have one Pokémon with you?
I'm afraid we can't accept your challenge unless you have more than one Pokémon with you!
Ya can't make friends with the Pokémon under the water unless ya take up fishing!
There are lots of things that won't make sense until ya try them!
If ya never battle, sure, you'll never lose... But that would be a pretty boring life, don't ya think?
Just when I thought I lost the biggest catch of my life, you show up! An even bigger catch, I'd say!
I may keep losing the big catches, but I won't let it get to me! Persistence is key!
Fishing is my life! Pokémon are my life, too! I guess that means I have two lives! Haha, lucky me! I just like to take it easy.
Whoa-ho! That's some strong pull on my fishing line! Looks like yer a tough bunch!
Hee-yah! That was one rootin' tootin' Pokémon battle! Mah Poliwhirl is all tuckered out!
When yer fishing, ya get to meet Pokémon twice! Once when they catch the line and once when you pull 'em up! That's why I say fishing is the best way to get to know a Pokémon!
Let us begin our battle! Through it, I will learn all there is to know about you! Mwa ha ha!
I learned everything about you, all right!
You're definitely the leader type! Like the protagonist of a game or something!
Guess what! Guess what! My mommy made this dress for me!
I couldn't be as good as Mommy...
My mommy wears the same type of dress as this! Daddy always pokes fun at her though!
Allow me to honor you and your Pokémon with a battle!
Don't you think Pokémon are just gorgeous when they're showing off their moves?
Achlys: What a beautiful combination you and your Pokémon make! Eos: I was captivated by your Pokémon's movement and totally messed up the battle!
I hope you and your Pokémon grow even stronger!
I love Double Battles because it's exciting to think about what my sister is going to do and try to match up with it!
Pokémon are lonely without companions...
Your Pokémon looks a bit lonely without more Pokémon buddies!
Hmm? Think you got the skills to take me on?
Whoa! Those are some impressive skills!
Heard of the Lost Hotel? Word is that there's a Roller Skater there with some awesome skills!
Drift-and-dash! Spin! Then, boom! Right into battle!
I think I blew it on the barrel roll!
I know I should probably focus on just one, but I love Pokémon battles and roller skating equally!
Our Pokémon may be battling high in the sky, but we Trainers must keep our feet on the ground!
Well, this defeat has certainly provided me with some food for thought...
Food for my thoughts is good and all, but I think I need some real food for today's dinner! That's it! I'll give my cute little Talonflame some delicious Poké Puffs!
Fly, fly, fly up high! Quickly, quickly, to our battleground in the sky!
Bwaaah! Bad memories, fly away!
And now my heart and spirit flies back to my hometown of Mistralton City!
I ain't holdin' back just 'cuz yer a kid, ya little punk!
Ahh, blast it all! What's the deal? Kids aren't supposed to be this strong!
Age don't matter when it comes to a serious Pokémon battle!
My buddy was putting on the whole bad- guy act, so I copied him and ended up like this...
Eeek! Please forgive me!
If only I were as strong as you, I could have pulled my friend out of this dirty world and we could have been Rising Stars together again!
You're tryin' to get in the way of my havin' a little bit of fun, aren't ya? I ain't gonna let that happen!
I was just tryin' to find peace is all! Honest!
I love abandoned buildings like this... There's a sense of melancholy to them that I just can't get enough of!
C'mon, darlin', bring out your Pokémon! My Seviper and Arbok are itchin' to play!
Hate to lose, but I gotta admit, you got some strong Pokémon there, kid.
Ever think it's strange how we'd never have met if it weren't for us both bein' Trainers?
Both my mom and my old man are Veterans, and my big bro is an Ace Trainer. I just couldn't stand to be all goody two-shoes like them! How bo-o-oring can you get?
I don't care about losing! I just love the thrill of a battle!
It's not like I hate my family or anything...
Rebel against everything! That's us all right! Down with the man, man!
Bad to the bone without a care in the world! That's us all right!
Zoya: Just who are you? Asa: Dude...you got the power!
I guess it takes power and strength to rebel against everything...
Being bad to the bone might not be so good after all...
You got guts tryin' to take us on with just one Pokémon, but I ain't down with those odds.
Get outta here, dummy! Come back when you've got more Pokémon with you!
OH NO! I CAN'T FEEL MY TOES!
OH NO! I LOST! I LOST!
I CAN'T STOP SHOUTING! I THINK I'LL FREEZE IF I DO!
Both my mother and father were Hikers before me! It runs in the family, you see. What makes you think you can take on an elite Hiker like me?
I've been defeated. Whatever shall I do? My identity crumbles before me!
You've pulled the blinders from my eyes! I'm no elite Hiker! I'll continue my life as an ordinary Hiker! That's how it should be!
When it's cold, it's best to have a battle to warm up!
I'm getting a cold sweat from putting on such a terrible performance!
If it comes to it, I can call out my trusty Probopass to warm me up! You see, Probopass can use Magnet Pull to provide heat... I think.
Yahoo! I finally meet eyes with someone else in this freezing cave!
Always look at your opponent's eyes! Eyes often say more than words, you know?
It's hard to stand the cold gaze of the Black Belt from across the way. I guess it's part of my training.
I probably shouldn't praise my pupil so openly, but her Pokémon have gotten so strong! I'm very proud!
Hehe! What do you think about me fighting instead of a Pokémon?
Really, I can use Karate Chop and Rolling Kick! Wanna try using me in place of one of your Pokémon partners? Hehe! Just kidding, silly!
What's this?! Are you trying to thwart my attempts at love?! Eat this Karate Chop!
The hurdles to finding love are so high...
Ohhh... I can't get enough of that Battle Girl's warm and beautiful gaze! I must persevere!
The secret to karate is to have good circular movement!
Round and round we go! Remember, it's all about circular motion!
Circular motion! Yeah... Like kneading dough... No, I'm not talking about my needing money!
Strategy? What strategy? I have trust in our Grumpig and Hariyama! That's all I need!
People say it doesn't matter if you win or lose, but of course everyone wants to win!
Eoin: It's over... Wolf: Yep, we're done...
I may have lost to you all, but I still haven't lost to myself! No, I'm not being a sore loser! Really! No, really! OK... Maybe I am...
Now we're fighting friends!
Two are better than one! The same goes for Pokémon! Friends are important!
Don't you think your Pokémon would like a training partner, too?
Rain or snow, it matters not! An Ace Trainer does not let anything get in his way! An Ace Trainer is always elegant in whatever he does! That's what it means to be an ace!
Remaining distinguished even in the face of defeat is what defines an Ace Trainer!
Even the bitter taste of defeat is only encouragement to get stronger to an Ace Trainer! That is also what it means to be an ace!
Hey there! You look pretty strong! I'd be missing out if I let you go without a battle!
Ohhh... That was close! Just a little bit more, and I would have won!
Ethers are so rare, I can never bring myself to use one in battle!
My wings, cut through this snow! Up, up, and away!
Your wings are cutting their way through the sky and into the future!
Rest now, my wings. Rest now in your Poké Balls...
Today's the day I've so long been waiting for-- when I start my new life as a Sky Trainer!
Oh no! My first battle has ended in defeat!
I spent over an hour trying to get into this costume, you know?
Brrr... It's so cold! You there! You came at just the right time! Let's warm our bodies with some vigorous Pokémon battling!
Is this cold I feel coming from the snow and ice around me or from the shame of my defeat?
I'll be OK! I've got my Pokémon with me. We can cuddle up to keep each other warm.
Snow-covered paths are full of danger! Not only is it freezing cold, but you've got to be careful where you walk! That's not even mentioning the sudden and fierce Pokémon battles you'll face!
You're even more full of danger than these snow-covered paths!
If someone who hikes is called a "Hiker" and someone who climbs is called a "climber," what do you call someone who loves both? A "hiclimber"?
I saw that look on your face! You're thinking, "Ugh...not another Hiker!" aren't you?
Argh! Defeated again! Just how many of us Hikers have to be pulverized in your ascent?
We Hikers are everywhere! No matter the region, as long as there's a place to hike, we'll be there! You may find one right behind you on a dark path... Heh heh heh...
Stop right there, youngster! I'm going to paint your portrait! Don't budge an inch!
I told you not to budge an inch...
You kids are all about movies these days, but I still love the beauty of a good painting.
It's takeoff time! Come on, everyone, let's show off our air-combat maneuvering!
Alert! Unexpected interception! We're going down hard and fast!
I just love a good Sky Battle! Your piloting skills blew me away!









This Gym exists only by absorbing the power of the cosmos!
Hrmm?! What is the source of your power?!
I only need my Pokémon. They give me all the power I need!
Just because you can't see it, doesn't mean it doesn't exist!
I didn't cheer hard enough for my Pokémon... That's right--cheering is a kind of unseen power!
Just because it can't be explained by science, doesn't mean it's not real. You can't explain your love for your Pokémon with science, right? Does that mean it's not real? I think not!
When it comes to climbing, you can ascend or descend. Which do you prefer?
Looks like my battling luck is going downhill!
I tell you, the only reason I climb up a mountain is so that I can enjoy going back down!
Aren't Pokémon moves just the coolest? I really wish I could use them...
Pokémon moves are just sooo cool!
I'm a big fan of Brick Break, but what I'd really like to be able to use is Hydro Pump! I'd spray everyone down!
If I defeat you, I'm going to head home and bake some cookies!
Sigh...
I lost, so no treats for me today!
Woo hoo! I'm a Sky Trainer! Look at me go! Wooooo!
Woo hoo! I lost! Look at me lose! Wooooo!
When I'm high up like this, I just get so excited!
With my shorts on, there's no stopping me! I can go anywhere!
Scolipede! Pinsir!
Shorts or not, a Trainer can't go anywhere if his Pokémon are feeling down...
Oh no! Oh no! I'm late! I'm late! Oh no! Oh no! Watch out! Watch out!
Hmm? Huh? What? Where am I, anyway?
How strange... I was on my way to the Trainers' School, and somehow I ended up here...
I feel kind of embarrassed in a swimsuit, so I like to swim in murky water like this to stay out of sight.
Ohhh... The murky water couldn't hide my battling weakness!
This battle helped me see the light! I've got nothing to hide! I'm going to head over to Azure Bay and catch some waves!
I protect nature in order to protect Pokémon... What about people, you ask? Never mind that! Let's battle!
The term "Pokémon Trainer" has to do with both people and Pokémon...
People and Pokémon can coexist, but should there not also be places that are just for Pokémon?
It's a Pokémon Ranger's duty to ensure that Pokémon can live the same way tomorrow as they do today.
I know there's always going to be a tomorrow, so I don't let defeat get to me very much.
Whether I win or lose, I live every day to its fullest. That's what I learned from my Pokémon.
Have you ever heard of parkour?
Parkour doesn't really have anything to do with Pokémon battles...
Parkour is sometimes called "free running." You run, jump, climb, and crawl to move over obstacles and strengthen your body! It's very useful when chasing after Pokémon!
"Time for a Pokémon battle." ...Is what the me from 10 seconds ago said.
I could see myself being defeated by you...
Did you really battle and defeat me? Am I the same person as the person you just defeated moments ago? I can't prove that...
Hee hee hee hee... Fall before my fairies!
Mwa ha ha ha! I can see the fairies! They're waving at me from across the river!
Tee hee hee hee! I can hear them! The fairies are whispering to me... "Fight!" "Win!" That's what they say! Hee hee hee...
We are Pokémon Rangers! We bring out the power in our Pokémon!
We are Pokémon Rangers! We draw out the power in our Pokémon!
Ivy: We drew out all the power we could! Orrick: But you proved to be even more powerful!
If you want to draw on your partners' powers, you need to know their strong points!
It's better to focus on your own strong points rather than to try matching up with your partners'!
It's important for Trainers to share their love with many Pokémon!
I want to battle against the best Pokémon team you have! You need more than just one!
Flying high in the sky can show you a whole new world!
How far can you see?
I wonder if Pokémon that fly and Pokémon that can't see the world differently...


















I feel like I'm missing something before I can take on Victory Road... Let me battle you and find out what that is!
Thanks for defeating me! Now I know where I need to improve!
Some people think that losing is a bad thing. If you ask me, those people are ignoring opportunities to learn and improve!
I've been with my Pokémon partners since the very beginning of my journey!
My partners have been at my side for every defeat...
I know that someday fate will part us... That's why I take every battle we have together seriously!
Among Trainers, words are unnecessary, wouldn't you say? Hippowdon, Aurorus, it's battle time! Show them your strength!
You really showed me your strength of body and spirit! Impressive!
I love strong Pokémon! I know I have it in me to train any Pokémon into a strong Pokémon!
I've lost track of how long I've been waiting here for my sweetheart to return... I was once an innocent Lass, but now I'm all grown up.
Deep down inside, I know that he will never come back to me...
It's been hard to wait here for so long, but my Pokémon have been here with me through it all.
A strong Pokémon and a strong Trainer come together to form a strong team! It's that simple.
Once you've memorized all the Pokémon moves and Abilities, victory just comes naturally!
Elina: Abracadabra! Sean: Hocus Pocus!
Fool! All it takes to form a stronger team is to become a stronger Trainer and have your Pokémon become stronger, too!
After memorizing all the Pokémon moves and Abilities and the items that are out there, it's easy to come up with a good strategy for victory!
Are you telling me you are unable to raise more than just one Pokémon?
You only have one Pokémon that's fit to fight? That's not gonna cut it!
Blue sky! Blue ocean!
Feeling blue...
When it comes to being a Sky Trainer, I'm as green as this grass I'm standing on.
Tierno: Whoa... Now THAT was a nice move!
Trevor: So you can't learn everything just from the Pokédex...I see!
Admin: You fools... You don't even have suits!
I see... Even a weak-looking Rattata can be a threat when it uses a move like Hyper Fang!
Admin: Lysandre is like the sun to us! He represents our hope!
You might be strong, but your teamwork is still a bit lacking!
Who's got that flair? Team Flare! Yeah, we've got that flair! Team Flare!
Admin: Yes, I lost. But no matter. Lysandre is the one who will take care of things.
If you guys think we'll let you join Team Flare after all this, you've got another think coming!
You're just trying to benefit from our success, aren't you?!
Lysandre is only going to save Team Flare, because we're the only ones who are truly worried about the future.
Taking all of the money and stuff for ourselves will make a world where Team Flare is happy!
Are you trying to stop Team Flare from obtaining happiness? What a vile person you are!
Not having a ton of money is really stressful, you know...
The ultimate weapon is stealing the Legendary Pokémon's power.
Taking all of the Legendary Pokémon's life force is an unfortunate necessity to realize our goals.
There's no way everybody can be happy! Each of us has different dreams.
Do you actually think all living things can be truly happy?
You don't even try to understand Lysandre and all that he suffers for!
One person's pleasure is another person's pain, right?
I swam all the way here from the oceans of Hoenn, and I'm still not too tired for a battle!
Maybe I overestimated how much strength I had left in me!
The ocean's amazing! You can get from anywhere to anywhere else as long as they're connected by water!
Wanna see some cool water illusions? I'm a pro when it comes to water!
Those are some beautiful moves your Pokémon have!
Where does the water that Slowpoke sprays come from? Is it its tears? Its sweat?
I'll think about what you did well and use this loss to make me better!
I'll think about what you did well and use this loss to make me better!
I'll think about what you did well and use this loss to make me better!
I'll think about what you did well and use this loss to fuel my desire to improve.
I'll think about what you did well and use this loss to fuel my desire to improve.
I'll think about what you did well and use this loss to fuel my desire to improve.

Man... You defeated my Pokémon bad... Why's it gotta be like that?


Ahh, man! There goes all my money...


Ugh... Argh... Gah...


How'd I go and lose the match like that? Nothing's goin' right for me today!


Ha ha ha! You're a strong one, aren't ya? I like Trainers who aren't afraid to win!


Ain't you a strong one? Too strong for me!


You nearly scrapped my Pokémon!


I feel like I just got ran over... Time to back things up a bit!


Gone with the wind... That's me after this battle!


I often get some rowdy passengers, so I've always got to be prepared!


I can't see so well through these tears... I'd better not drive like this.

Wow! You're a weally strong Trainer!
Wahhh!
I can't do it... I just can't win...
I knew this battle would end up like this...
This is weak! For true... Very, very weak!
Whaddaya think yer doin' to my darling Pokémon, punk?
Tsk... Man, forget this nonsense...
How wonderfully strong!
Tee hee hee hee...
Mmm... Wonderful... I want that Poké Ball...
I see...
Hmph!
Where in the world did you come from?! You're suspect! Very suspect!
This strength... It's suspect!
Only staff chosen by Doctor Xerosic were supposed to be able to enter this floor! You are suspect... So very suspect...
Hmm? Who might you be? Are you the new hire?
Everything is within expectations! Nothing is wrong with my calculations!
Starting with that foolish girl, I just can't understand why Dr. Xerosic would let in so many feeble-minded hooligans... I suppose I just can't understand his genius!
Hmm? Who goes there? Who are you? What business do you have here?
What amazing Pokémon you have there! You must allow me to analyze them in the lab...
Are you another one of the new security guards hired on by the doctor? The guys that came before you--especially the ones from the gang--are a bunch of slackers!
... ... ...
... ... ...
... ... ...
Uwaaaaaauuuuuuggghhh!!!
Hmm... I lost...
I'm workin' 'ere, so buzz off!
That was bangin'! I ain't got no beef with yer!
Sorry for tryin' to give yeh air like that! Yer've gotta remember me, don'tcha? I'm the lovely one in the Lumiose Gang! Emma got us this sweet gig running security here for the doc, see?
Hoi! Are yer trying to sneak in or summat? But wait... I know that mug o' yers!
Right on. I knew I'd seen yer mug before! You put me to rights in the station last time!
All right there. How's it goin'? Yeh've gotta remember me, innit? I'm the one who brings charm to the Lumiose Gang! Whatcha up to, anyway? If you keep on wanderin' about, someone'll figure you for an intruder!
Ugh... Yer seriously strong...
I know, I know! It's a battle you want!
This was a fitting battle for the wide-open sky!
Keep aiming for the top and giving it your all! I'll be following in your wake!
There's no way you could walk on water!
...! Wait! I've got it!
If I could get a Pokémon to continuously blast Hydro Pump under my feet, I could totally walk on water... I might even be able to walk the sky!
Now that I'm all grown and finally able to swim, there's nothing out there to frighten me!
Actually, you kind of frighten me...
You may have won, but I'm staying in the water! I'm going to swim forever and ever!
The strength to protect, huh? But what are you really protecting? A tomorrow that will only end up being worse than today?
It's over... Fools with no vision will continue to befoul this beautiful world. They will go on until the only thing left to do is squabble over the remaining scraps of hope...
Yes! That's right! I'm the Red Pokémon Ranger!
Oh no! The Red Pokémon Ranger is in trouble!
You're pretty good, you know? You wanna join my Pokémon Ranger team? You could be the Blue Ranger!
Don't you underestimate us! We're about as a strong as Ace Trainers, you know?
How could I lose to you?! You're not even an Ace Trainer. Just an ordinary Trainer!
In terms of actual practicality, wouldn't you say that we Pokémon Rangers are actually superior to Ace Trainers?
I just want to spend time with my Pokémon, but everyone keeps challenging me to battles... I ran all the way here, and yet I still can't find any peace and quiet!
I can see that you and your Pokémon trust each other very much!
I think I get it... You just want to spend quality time with your Pokémon, too... I guess there are different ways to do that...
Hmmm? You look like you'd be a good opponent for my Steelix to gain some good experience.
Hmmmmmm?! Your Pokémon are the ones that got experience from this match?
Hmmm... I guess I may have overestimated my abilities a little bit. Getting to Victory Road isn't even the final goal of my career as a Pokémon Trainer!
I've been running around in my bare feet to train! Do you have any idea how strong that's made me?
Ouch! You mean running around in my bare feet didn't help me improve at Pokémon battling?
Y'know... It's kind of painful to be running around in my bare feet in here... My toes get cold! My Pokémon are always in their bare feet... I wonder if they don't mind it.
Moves are a result of a Pokémon's strength!
Impressive! Keep up the good work. Repetition is strength!
When two Pokémon use the same move, the stronger one will win!
Now that you're on Victory Road, I bet you're nervous and excited! Let's see!
Looks like you're a bit nervous, but relaxed enough to focus!
Relax! Relax! All you've got to do is put your trust in the Pokémon that helped you get here.
Hi-yah! You've got some nerve to challenge me!
Hi-ya-- Huh... You beat me...
Hi-yah! You've got some impressive skills, there!
All it takes to go on a journey is a pinch of curiosity! Really, that's it!
The weight of this backpack really digs into my shoulders...
Traveling alone is fine and dandy, but traveling with friends really can't be beat!
You don't need to say a word! I can tell that you're here because you want to challenge a strong opponent!
I felt your strength with all of my being!
The strong opponents you so desire are up ahead...
I can see your aura... It's got an unlucky color about it...
Unlucky for me, I see...
I can see your aura... It's got a warm, kind-looking color... It just looks unlucky to anyone who would be your opponent!
Whatchoo lookin' at?! You think I'm just doin' this Fairy Tale Girl thing for funsies, do ya?! Get a taste of my power!
Whoaaa! You... You're good!
I've been working at this Fairy Tale Girl thing for a while, but I was still kind of embarrassed... But this battle has given me some confidence! Now can I be a Fairy Tale Girl with pride!
Vet-- Vet-- Veteran! Vet-- Vet-- Veteran! Veteran all the WAY! So, what do you think of my theme song? Now it's time for battle!
I guess my theme song didn't help out my battling skills at all...
The secret to staying young is to spend time having fun with your Pokémon! Every day is so packed with excitement that you don't have time to get old!
After all the training I've received here on Victory Road, my body is ready! Think you can defeat me?!
Even with my honed and toned body of muscle and brawn, I couldn't win!
Why?! My furious fists can pulverize even boulders of granite! How could I lose?! Oh? Is it because I spent so much time training myself and not training my Pokémon?
If Pokémon can so easily fly and swim, what use do they have for us Trainers?
Surely Pokémon don't stick by our sides simply to have battles like this...
If Pokémon can so easily fly and swim, what use do they have for us Trainers? It's something that all of us should be thinking about.
You've got youth on your side, but we've got years of experience on ours! This will be a battle of youth against wisdom!
I can see that youth isn't all you have! You must've gained a lot of experience on your journey, too.
Veterans like myself are always happy to see tough and energetic youths like yourself! It gives us inspiration to train even harder!
To cap off your string of battles, I want you to come at me with all your might!
I lost with all my might!
You're even more powerful than I imagined! How about you line up in here with us? No, you've got better things to do! Go on ahead with all your might!
I started out just wanting the strength to protect those that I love, but now... Now all I want is to keep battling for the thrill of it! Did I lose my way? Is what I'm doing correct?
You and your Pokémon just showed me what battles are supposed to be about!
I knew it deep down--that a goal and the means to reach that goal are not the same. It's important to never lose sight of what you're fighting for.
So, I've got to steady my right arm at this angle... My left hand goes on my hip... Next, I just bend my knees down ever so slightly... Then stick out my chest like this... Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't notice you there! A battle, is it? OK, let's get started.
What strength! Just what kind of ranger are you?!
I was just working on my victory pose... It's an important part of being a Pokémon Ranger! I think I'm going to have to stick out my chest a bit more and then pose my right hand like so...
In order to meet strong Trainers and strong Pokémon, one only has to battle!
Battles are kind of like the representation of a Trainer's love for her Pokémon!
In order to meet great Trainers and great Pokémon, one has to be proactive!
To compare this to mountain climbing, I'd say I'm almost at the summit!
To be so close to the summit and be defeated... How disappointing!
To be unprepared is to be inviting danger! That goes for mountain climbing and Pokémon battles.
If battling strategies could be described using colors, I wonder what color yours would be...
The color of passionate moves is red... The color of cool decisions is blue...
Your battle strategy comes in all the colors of the rainbow! That's how strong you are!
I'm going to teach you a lesson!
People call us strange for being more interested in perfecting our teamwork than challenging the Champion...
Arman: Man...this is boring! Hugo: You can really see the frustration of defeat on my partner's face...
Even if you forget about us, we'll still keep on living!
It's depressing to lose, that's for sure. But feeling blue every once in a while isn't so bad.
You think you can get through Victory Road with just one Pokémon? You crazy?!
Friends give you courage! Come back when you have more Pokémon with you.
Haha! It sure does feel good to let loose every once in a while! Spying on people's Holo Caster conversations gets boring pretty quickly, after all!
Nice! My Pokémon like to let loose every once in a while, too!
Right here, right now! I just live in the moment! Forget worrying about tomorrow!
Just because you don't understand your opponent, doesn't necessarily make them bad or wrong!
I feel like I understood something about you, though...
You'll understand just how warm and kind Lysandre really is when he puts his grand plan into action!
Welcome, intruder! You're in the wrong for coming here, so I won't hear any complaints from you about being beaten to a pulp by us!
No! It's my Pokémon that got beaten!
You can try all you like, but it's futile... Only Team Flare will survive in the end.



Time to show off our Pokémon!
You got us! Your Pokémon are just about as cute as ours!
Every Trainer's favorite Pokémon is his own Pokémon!
Time to show off our Pokémon!
I can't stop tee-heeing, because the sight of your Pokémon really tickles me! Tee hee!
Even if we lost, my Pokémon did their best! Time to reward them with some Poké Puffs!
My dark magic along with my Pokémon cannot be defeated!
My dark magic didn't work? You and your Pokémon are shining too brightly!
My dark magic will make you even stronger...
Tee hee hee. ♪ You just ran into a girl who's head over heels for Pokémon battles.
Girls in love don't mind if they lose. ♪
Tee hee hee. ♪ Such a mysterious power! Pokémon have such an amazing strength! They bring smiles to everyone's faces!
We're gonna be the toughest Twins in the world!
We're gonna be the toughest Twins in the world!
Nana: Ohhh...we lost! Nina: It's OK! We're still gonna be the toughest Twins in the whole world!
You gotta know when to use Protect in a Double Battle!
You gotta know how to get around Protect when it's used against you!
We're Twins, silly! You need two Pokémon to challenge us!
I wanna see lots and lots of Pokémon! You only have one!
That was some nice footwork!
I guess I need to spend more time on the prep work...
This battle has put me in a delightful mood!
Even a simple Pokémon battle like this feels so dramatic!
What incredible Pokémon you have... You're something special, aren't you?
Oh man! Oh man! Oh man!
Sigh...
Is it your honor as a warrior that you don't deal the finishing blow?
Oh... I must have been captivated by the beauty of this city!
Mmm! How stylish!
I need something more exciting than this to forget about him!
As long as I'm with my Pokémon, I get to meet all sorts of people from around the world and trade and battle with them!
It's all thanks to my Bidoof that I got to meet you! That's got to be good for something!
Being with Pokémon helps broaden your world!
I'm still no match for you... You know, it's because I met you that I was able to get this far... But our journey's just getting started. Who knows what heights we'll reach!
I'm still no match for you... You know, it's because I met you that I was able to get this far... But our journey's just getting started. Who knows what heights we'll reach!
I'm still no match for you... You know, it's because I met you that I was able to get this far... But our journey's just getting started. Who knows what heights we'll reach!
So, I still can't beat you... You know, it's because I met you that I was able to get this far... Well, our journey's not over yet! Who knows how strong we'll get.
So, I still can't beat you... You know, it's because I met you that I was able to get this far... Well, our journey's not over yet! Who knows how strong we'll get.
So, I still can't beat you... You know, it's because I met you that I was able to get this far... Well, our journey's not over yet! Who knows how strong we'll get.
Grunt: You might be strong, but your teamwork is still a bit lacking!
Grunt: I may have lost, but it doesn't matter! Lysandre will take care of everything.
Grunt: Phlogiston... Extinguished...
Oh? We're done already, pet? I could've gone on for days, I could!
O-oh... Um... G-good work out there... Right?
Hmph... So you held your own. I'll admit that you're not terrible, at least.
Heheheh! That was great craic! What do you say? Did you have fun, too?
Wh-what?! Not even my ultra-powerful Lucario duo could stand up to you?!
And I was so excited, too...
