Super-Training Tutorial
Super Training Lv. 1
Super Training Lv. 2
Super Training Lv. 3
Secret Super Training Lv. 1
Secret Super Training Lv. 2
Distribution Super Training
<var>/<var>
x <var>
Lv. ?
Lv. 1
Lv. 2
Lv. 3
Lv. 4
Lv. 5
Lv. 6
Lv. 7
Lv. 8
Lv. 9
Lv. X
Practice against Scatterbug!
Get Spewpa with an Energy Shot!
Hone Sp. Atk with Magnemite!
Raise Your HP with Wailmer!
Boost Attack with Axew!
Build Up Sp. Def with Tentacool!
Speed Up with the Noibat Regimen!
Strengthen Defense with Geodude!
Home In on Magneton!
Hit Relicanth's Weak Points!
Let Loose to Get Fraxure!
Watch Out for Tentacruel's Bitbots!
Hammer Aerodactyl with High-Speed Shots!
Break Down Graveler's Barrier!
Shake Off That Uncanny Magnezone!
Shoot Back! Get the Giant Wailord!
Catch 'Em! Haxorus's Furious Attacks!
Kick Out! Get the Dragalge Corps!
Catch It! Noivern's Wild Wind!
Break It! Golem's Defensive Line!
The Troubles Keep On Coming?!
The Leaf Stone Cup Begins!
The Fire Stone Cup Begins!
The Water Stone Cup Begins!
Follow Those Fleeing Goals!
Watch Out! That's One Tricky Second Half!
An Opening of Lightning-Quick Attacks!
Those Long Shots Are No Long Shot!
Scatterbug Lugs Back!
A Barrage of Bitbots!
Drag Down Hydreigon!
The Battle for the Best: Version X!
Fearsome! Twin Tales of Jutting Jaws!
Danger Zipped Up Tight!
Stuck between the Strong and the Strong!
Dazzling! A Dizzying Dance of Spoons!
What an Upstart! Magikarp Is Moving Up!
Watch It! Multiple Mega Evolutions!
The Battle for the Best: Version Y!
Possible base stat increase:
Base stat increase:
Training bags received:
Items received:
<var>
<var>
HP
Attack
Defense
Sp. Atk
Sp. Def
Speed
+<var>
Target Time Remaining:
Best Time:
<var>:<var>.<var>
Get your feet wet! Learn the ins and outs of a Super-Training Regimen by hitting the goals that appear in front of the Balloon Bot!
Store up all your energy to attack! Get your timing right, then let loose on a goal with a great Energy Shot!
Time to work on that Sp. Atk stat! As your Sp. Atk stat increases, your shots will get even stronger--and get you more points!
Time to build up that HP stat! With a higher HP stat, your shots get more accurate and you don't lose points as easily when hit!
Time to work on that Attack stat! As your Attack stat increases, your shots will get even stronger--getting you more points!
Time to work on that Sp. Def stat! Higher Sp. Def will make it easier for you to store up energy for your Energy Shots!
Time to work on that Speed stat! You'll be able to move more quickly. Faster shots means more shots, so get out there!
Time to work on that Defense stat! Higher Defense will make it easier for you to store up energy for your Energy Shots!
Should you go left? Should you go right? Up? Down? There's only a moment to decide! Dodge those tricky homing shots!
If you want a red bonus goal to appear, then you've got to blast away every last one of the regular white goals first! Grab that chance!
Watch out! This Balloon Bot will keep firing an endless barrage of shots at your Pokémon! Do you think you can dodge them all?!
What are those mysterious objects called "Bitbots" that float around the Balloon Bots like that?!
A Balloon Bot that soars up in the sky! Calm down and take careful aim if you want even a chance to hit this wily target!
A mysterious force seems to be protecting the Balloon Bot from any harm... What is this barrier, and how can you beat it?!
Duck sideways for vertical shots! Soar up or down for horizontal ones! You've gotta dodge these tricky missiles!
Some shots are headed straight for your Pokémon--but not all of them! Can you tell the difference in time?!
Even the most furious offense follows some sort of pattern! Your only chance at victory lies in the challenge of finding that pattern!
Can you blast away the Bitbots in your way? You might have to if you want to complete this Super-Training Regimen in time!
If you wanna dodge these high-speed shots, you've got to be ready to move the instant the Balloon Bot fires 'em! Maybe even before!
Destroy the yellow marks around that pesky barrier to destroy the Balloon Bot's strong defense and grasp your chance for points!
Don't let your guard down just because you beat one Balloon Bot! There's a nonstop barrage awaiting you in this Circuit Training!
Do your best to finish within the target time! If you can, you might just be lucky enough to find a rare prize: a Leaf Stone!
Do your best to finish within the target time! If you can, you might just be lucky enough to find a rare prize: a Fire Stone!
Do your best to finish within the target time! If you can, you might just be lucky enough to find a rare prize: a Water Stone!
What's with these crazy, changing goals?! Memorize the patterns if you hope to hit the next one to appear in time!
Your chance for victory might just betray you! When you think you've got it in the bag is exactly when this Balloon Bot shoots back!
Your crisis will become the chance for victory! If you can just make it past the first hurdle, you'll have a chance to turn this one around!
If you keep a close eye on this Balloon Bot's shots, a flawless victory isn't out of reach! Dodge every last shot that comes at you!
Revenge is best served cold, you know! This Balloon Bot is back from the tutorial and ready to take back all those points!
Try to accurately hit these constantly moving goals while dodging a merciless barrage of shots! Do you think you can do it?!
One wrong step will set you back to zero! You'll have to avoid every last one of this Balloon Bot's nullifying shots to win!
Secret Super-Training Regimens are the last hurdle for your Pokémon to overcome! The ultimate training for the ultimate Pokémon!
Watch for it! When this Balloon Bot turns its back, the shots will fly! Be ready for a barrage if you hope to pull through this one!
This Balloon Bot's arms will slow down right after letting loose a shot--that's your chance! Use the opening to launch your bid for points!
The easiest way to dodge these cross-shaped shots is to dodge diagonally! But don't forget that you can also use a barrier in a pinch!
Can you dodge 'em all?! Watch out for big shots, homing shots, and the shots from all those pesky Bitbots--all at once!
Who knew that S.T. could pay so well?! The rewards for this regimen are items that can be sold at a high price to shops!
Take on Balloon Bot after Balloon Bot--and each one requires a completely different strategy! Give this one everything you've got!











Secret Super-Training Regimens are the last hurdle for your Pokémon to overcome! The ultimate training for the ultimate Pokémon!
Great hustle out there! You're all done! With that performance, you unlocked a new Super-Training Regimen. <var> was unlocked!
Great hustle out there! You're all done! With that performance, you unlocked new Super-Training Regimens. <var> and <var> other regimens were unlocked!
You failed to complete the Super-Training Regimen...
You bowed out of Super Training...
You cannot attempt that Super-Training Regimen just yet.
Time Remaining:
Looks like you couldn't conquer this regimen. Why don't you go back to Core Training and work on the training bags before trying again?
You did it! That's the spirit! Your Pokémon is definitely stronger than it was before, thanks to all that hard work!
Nice job! Knew you had it in you! You and your Pokémon are so strong that I'm sure no one can stand up to you!
Spectacular! To complete a Super-Training Regimen in so little time! You might just be a natural at this!
A-a-amazing! That's a new record! You... You can't be... Or can you?! Are you some kind of genius?!
Don't give up! Try to reach that target time!
You've achieved the target time!
Award received!
New best time!
<var> made itself stronger against attacks by training its <var> stat!
<var> made its shots more effective by training its <var> stat!
<var> made it easier to store up energy by training its <var> stat!
<var> made itself even quicker than before by training its <var> stat!
<var> trained itself in a particularly balanced way, getting stronger all around!
<var>'s base <var> can't go any higher than it already is! It's a master of <var>!
<var>'s base stats can't go any higher than they already are! It's a Fully Trained Pokémon!
<var>'s base stats can't go any higher than they already are! It has received every possible Award for its training regimens! Whoa! I can hardly believe it! It's a Supremely Trained Pokémon!
That's a strength that won't flag, even in the face of a Secret Super-Training Regimen!
Don't slow down now! Keep on training to make it a Fully Trained Pokémon!
Amazing! Its base stats are all maxed! It is a Fully Trained Pokémon! Congratulations, Trainer!
Fantastic! Just as would be expected from a Fully Trained Pokémon!
It's not over yet! Try to get every possible Award for your Super-Training Regimens! Reach the highest possible heights! Go beyond a Fully Trained Pokémon! Make your beloved Pokémon into a Supremely Trained Pokémon!
Fantastic! You have every last Award from your Super-Training Regimens! It's a Supremely Trained Pokémon! What a victory! Congratulations, Trainer!
Fantastic! Just as would be expected from a Supremely Trained Pokémon!
It's time for some special training for your Pokémon! Yes, it's time to experience Super Training! Tap the button in the middle of your lower screen to start your Super Training!

Good hustle! That was a fine workout! By clearing a Super-Training Regimen, you'll raise your Pokémon's base stats and make it even stronger than before!
So close! You nearly had 'em! By clearing a Super-Training Regimen, you'll raise your Pokémon's base stats and make it even stronger than before!
Clearing Super-Training Regimens will sometimes award you training bags! Use those training bags in your Core Training to raise your Pokémon's base stats!
Use the training bags you receive to train your Pokémon in Core Training!
Of course you wanna dive into Super Training! I get it, kid. I do! But you've gotta do these things right! Start by using the training bags you've got to train your Pokémon up a bit in Core Training!
So we meet again! Welcome to Super Training! Since you've already sampled Super Training in the first Super-Training Tutorial, I've prepared a little challenge! Clear this to graduate from being a beginner. You'll be ready for the big leagues!
You don't have enough space to keep any more training bags.
You don't have space for any more <var>.
You faced the challenge of a Super-Training Regimen and got a reward in return!
And the results are...
Training Bags: <var>
Fully Trained Pokémon can challenge themselves to attempt the difficult Secret Super-Training Regimens!
