???
The best Poké Ball with the ultimate level of performance. With it, you will catch any wild Pokémon without fail.
An ultra-high-performance Poké Ball that provides a higher success rate for catching Pokémon than a Great Ball.
A good, high-performance Poké Ball that provides a higher Pokémon catch rate than a standard Poké Ball can.
A device for catching wild Pokémon. It's thrown like a ball at a Pokémon, comfortably encapsulating its target.
A special Poké Ball that is used only in the Great Marsh. It is recognizable by the camouflage pattern decorating it.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that is more effective when attempting to catch Water- or Bug-type Pokémon.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well when catching Pokémon that live underwater.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that becomes more effective the lower the level of the wild Pokémon.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on a Pokémon species that has been caught before.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that becomes progressively more effective the more turns that are taken in battle.
A particularly comfortable Poké Ball that makes a wild Pokémon quickly grow friendlier after being caught.
A somewhat rare Poké Ball that was made as a commemorative item used to celebrate an event of some sort.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokémon at night or in dark places like caves.
A remedial Poké Ball that restores the HP of a Pokémon caught with it and eliminates any status conditions.
A somewhat different Poké Ball that has a more successful catch rate if used at the start of a wild encounter.
A quite rare Poké Ball that has been crafted in order to commemorate a special occasion of some sort.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for poisoning. It can be used once to lift the effects of being poisoned from a Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating burns. It can be used once to heal a Pokémon suffering from a burn.
A spray-type medicine for freezing. It can be used once to defrost a Pokémon that has been frozen solid.
A spray-type medicine used against sleep. It can be used once to rouse a Pokémon from the clutches of sleep.
A spray-type medicine for paralysis. It can be used once to free a Pokémon that has been paralyzed.
A medicine that can be used to fully restore the HP of a single Pokémon and heal any status conditions it has.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It will completely restore the max HP of a single Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 200 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 50 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A spray-type medicine that is broadly effective. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A medicine that can revive fainted Pokémon. It also restores half of a fainted Pokémon's maximum HP.
A medicine that can revive fainted Pokémon. It also fully restores a fainted Pokémon's maximum HP.
Water with a high mineral content. When consumed, it restores 50 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A highly carbonated soda drink. When consumed, it restores 60 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A very sweet and refreshing drink. When consumed, it restores 80 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A bottle of highly nutritious milk. When consumed, it restores 100 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A bitter medicine powder. When consumed, it restores 50 HP to an injured Pokémon.
An extremely bitter medicinal root. When consumed, it restores 200 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A very bitter medicine powder. When consumed, it heals all of a Pokémon's status conditions.
A terribly bitter medicinal herb. It revives a fainted Pokémon and fully restores its maximum HP.
This medicine can restore 10 PP to a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
This medicine can fully restore the PP of a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
This medicine can restore 10 PP to each of the moves that have been learned by a Pokémon.
This medicine can fully restore the PP of all of the moves that have been learned by a Pokémon.
Lavaridge Town's local specialty. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A 100 percent pure juice made of Berries. When consumed, it restores 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
This rare ash can revive all fainted Pokémon in a party. In doing so, it also fully restores their maximum HP.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base HP of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Attack stat of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Defense stat of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Speed stat of a single Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Sp. Atk stat of a single Pokémon.
A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will instantly raise the level of a single Pokémon by one.
A medicine that can slightly raise the maximum PP of a single move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Sp. Def stat of a single Pokémon.
A medicine that can optimally raise the maximum PP of a single move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
The Old Chateau's hidden specialty. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
An item that prevents stat reduction among the Trainer's party Pokémon for five turns after it is used in battle.
An item that raises the critical-hit ratio greatly. It can be used only once and wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that boosts the Attack stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that boosts the Defense stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that boosts the Speed stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that boosts the accuracy of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that boosts the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
An item that boosts the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
A doll that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
A toy that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
A lovely toy flute to admire. It's made from blue glass.
A lovely toy flute to admire. It's made from yellow glass.
A lovely toy flute to admire. It's made from red glass.
A lovely toy flute to admire. It's made from black glass.
A lovely toy flute to admire. It's made from white glass.
Pure salt that can be discovered only deep inside the Shoal Cave.
A pretty seashell that can be found deep inside the Shoal Cave.
A small red shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small blue shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small yellow shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small green shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for 200 steps after its use.
An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for 250 steps after its use.
A long and durable rope. Use it to escape instantly from a cave or a dungeon.
An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for 100 steps after its use.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It burns as red as the evening sun.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. The stone has a fiery orange heart.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has a distinct thunderbolt pattern.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is the blue of a pool of clear water.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has an unmistakable leaf pattern.
A very small and rare mushroom. It's popular with a certain class of collectors and sought out by them.
A very large and rare mushroom. It's popular with a certain class of collectors and sought out by them.
A rather small pearl that has a very nice silvery sheen to it. It can be sold cheaply to shops.
A rather large pearl that has a very nice silvery sheen. It can be sold to shops for a high price.
Lovely, red sand that flows between the fingers with a loose, silky feel. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A small shard of a beautiful gem that demonstrates a distinctly red sparkle. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A nugget of the purest gold that gives off a lustrous gleam in direct light. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare. It glows faintly with all of the colors of the rainbow.
A sweet honey with a lush aroma that attracts wild Pokémon when it is used in tall grass, in caves, or on special trees.
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown.
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown.
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown.
A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It looks as if it could be part of a plant's root.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears to be a fragment of a claw.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It might be a piece of a seashell.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It could be a shell or carapace.
A piece of amber that still contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokémon. It's clear with a tawny, reddish tint.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks to be from some kind of protective collar.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It appears as though it's part of a head.
A rare bone that is extremely valuable for the study of Pokémon archeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It shines with a dazzling light.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It holds shadows as dark as can be.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It sparkles like a glittering eye.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It's as round as a Pokémon Egg.
A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
A glowing orb to be held by Giratina. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Ghost-type moves when it is held.
- - -
- - -
- - -
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Water type.
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Electric type.
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Fire type.
A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect's Techno Blast move so it becomes Ice type.
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
- - -
A piece of cloyingly sweet chocolate. When consumed, it restores 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
A brightly gleaming orb to be held by Dialga. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Steel-type moves when it is held.
A beautifully glowing orb to be held by Palkia. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Water-type moves when it is held.
Stationery designed to be easy to use when writing someone for the first time. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easier to write about your favorite things. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to allow you to extend an invitation to the recipient. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easy for you to express thanks. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easier to pose a question about something. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to allow you to recommend something to the reader. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery designed to make it easy to respond to a letter you received. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a bridge that seems to pierce the sky. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a bright-red drawbridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a high-tension steel suspension bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a vintage-looking brick bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
Stationery featuring an illustration of a majestically arched bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from paralysis on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from sleep on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from poisoning on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from a burn on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from being frozen on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore 10 PP to a depleted move during battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore its own HP by 10 points during battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from confusion on its own in battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from any status condition during battle.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore its own HP by a small amount during battle.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user's HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base HP.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Attack.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Defense.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Sp. Atk.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Sp. Def.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Speed.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
A Berry to be used in cooking. This Berry is very rare and hard to obtain in the Unova region.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fire-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Water-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Electric-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Grass-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ice-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fighting-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Poison-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ground-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Flying-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Psychic-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Bug-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Rock-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ghost-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Dragon-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Dark-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Steel-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one Normal-type attack.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Attack stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Defense stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Speed stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Sp. Atk stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Sp. Def stat will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its critical-hit ratio will increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, one of its stats will sharply increase when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, being hit by a supereffective attack will restore its HP.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its accuracy will increase just once when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it will be able to move first just once when it's in a pinch.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a physical attack hits the Pokémon holding it, the attacker will also be hurt.
A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a special attack hits the Pokémon holding it, the attacker will also be hurt.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It casts a tricky glare that lowers the opposing Pokémon's accuracy.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It will restore any lowered stat in battle. It can be used only once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This stiff, heavy brace helps Pokémon grow strong but cuts Speed in battle.
Turning on this special device will allow all the Pokémon on your team to receive Exp. Points from battles.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This light, sharp claw lets the bearer move first occasionally.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The comforting chime of this bell calms the holder, making it friendly.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It snaps the holder out of infatuation. It can be used only once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This curious headband boosts Attack but only allows the use of one move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder successfully inflicts damage, the target may also flinch.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a shiny, silver powder that will boost the power of Bug-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles any prize money received if the holding Pokémon joins a battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the head of the party.
A wondrous orb to be held by either Latios or Latias. It raises both the Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
An item to be held by Clamperl. This fang gleams a sharp silver and raises the holder's Sp. Atk stat.
An item to be held by Clamperl. This scale shines with a faint pink and raises the holder's Sp. Def stat.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It enables the holder to flee from any wild Pokémon encounter without fail.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. A Pokémon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder may endure a potential KO attack, leaving it with just 1 HP.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's an egg filled with happiness that earns extra Exp. Points in battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a lens for scoping out weak points. It boosts the holder's critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a special metallic film that can boost the power of Steel-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder's HP is slowly but steadily restored throughout every battle.
A very tough and inflexible scale. Dragon-type Pokémon may be holding this item when caught.
An item to be held by Pikachu. It's a puzzling orb that boosts its Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a loose, silky sand that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a durable stone that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a seed imbued with life force that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. A pair of shady-looking glasses that boost the power of Dark-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This belt helps the wearer to focus and boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a powerful magnet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This teardrop-shaped gem boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a long, sharp beak that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This small, poisonous barb boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a piece of ice that repels heat effects and boosts Ice-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a sinister, eerie tag that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This spoon is imbued with telekinetic power and boosts Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a combustible fuel that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This hard and sharp fang boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a sumptuous scarf that boosts the power of Normal-type moves.
A transparent device somehow filled with all sorts of data. It was produced by Silph Co.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder regains a little HP every time it inflicts damage on others.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This incense has a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The beguiling aroma of this incense may cause attacks to miss its holder.
An item to be held by Chansey. This pair of lucky boxing gloves will boost Chansey's critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Defense stat.
An item to be held by Cubone or Marowak. It is a hard bone of some sort that boosts the Attack stat.
An item to be held by Farfetch'd. This very long and stiff stalk of leek boosts its critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a Contest, it raises the Cool aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a Contest, it raises the Beauty aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a Contest, it raises the Cute aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a Contest, it raises the Smart aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a Contest, it raises the Tough aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a magnifying lens that slightly boosts the accuracy of moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This headband exudes strength, slightly boosting the power of physical moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This thick pair of glasses slightly boosts the power of special moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a well-worn belt that slightly boosts the power of supereffective moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Protective moves like Light Screen and Reflect will be effective longer.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts the power of moves, but at the cost of some HP on each hit.
A single-use item to be held by a Pokémon. It allows the holder to immediately use a move that normally requires a turn to charge.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a bizarre orb that will badly poison the holder during battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a bizarre orb that will afflict the holder with a burn during battle.
An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Speed stat.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder has full HP, it will endure a potential KO attack with 1 HP. The item then disappears.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder moves after its target moves, its accuracy will be boosted.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts moves used consecutively, but only until a different move is used.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It lowers Speed and allows Ground-type moves to hit Flying-type and levitating holders.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is tremendously heavy and makes the holder move slower than usual.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder becomes infatuated, the opposing Pokémon will be, too.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It gradually restores HP to Poison-type Pokémon. It damages any other type.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Hail when it's used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sandstorm when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sunny Day when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Rain Dance when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of multi-turn attacks like Bind and Wrap.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This curious scarf boosts Speed but only allows the use of one move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It damages the holder every turn and may latch on to Pokémon that touch the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Attack stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Defense stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Sp. Atk stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Sp. Def stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's Speed stat to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder's maximum HP to grow more after battling.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This discarded carapace enables the holder to switch out of battle without fail.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts the power of HP-stealing moves so the holder recovers more HP.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. These curious glasses boost Sp. Atk but only allow the use of one move.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Bug-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense makes the holder bloated and slow moving.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles any prize money received if the holding Pokémon joins a battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the head of the party.
A protective item of some sort. It is extremely stiff and heavy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A box packed with a tremendous amount of electric energy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A box packed with a tremendous amount of magma energy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A transparent device overflowing with dubious data. Its producer is unknown.
A cloth imbued with horrifyingly strong spiritual energy. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This sharply hooked claw increases the holder's critical-hit ratio.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder successfully inflicts damage, the target may also flinch.
The user sharpens its claws to boost its Attack stat and accuracy.
The user slashes the target with huge, sharp claws.
The user materializes an odd psychic wave to attack the target. This attack does physical damage.
The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
The target is scared off and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
A move that leaves the target badly poisoned. Its poison damage worsens every turn.
The user summons a hailstorm lasting five turns. It damages all Pokémon except the Ice type.
The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body, raising both its Attack and Defense stats.
The user drenches the target in a special poisonous liquid. This move's power is doubled if the target is poisoned.
A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokémon using it.
The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves.
The target is taunted into a rage that allows it to use only attack moves for three turns.
The target is struck with an icy- cold beam of energy. This may also leave the target frozen.
A howling blizzard is summoned to strike opposing Pokémon. This may also leave the opposing Pokémon frozen.
The target is attacked with a powerful beam. The user can't move on the next turn.
A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from special attacks for five turns.
Enables the user to evade all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves.
The user lands and rests its body. It restores the user's HP by up to half of its max HP.
The user creates a protective field that prevents status conditions for five turns.
A full-power attack that grows more powerful the less the user likes its Trainer.
A two-turn attack. The user gathers light, then blasts a bundled beam on the next turn.
The user throws a stone or similar projectile to attack an opponent. A flying Pokémon will fall to the ground when it's hit.
A strong electric blast crashes down on the target. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target to inflict damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokémon around it.
A full-power attack that grows more powerful the more the user likes its Trainer.
The user burrows, then attacks on the next turn. It can also be used to exit dungeons.
The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user attacks with a swift chop. It can also break barriers, such as Light Screen and Reflect.
By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.
A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from physical attacks for five turns.
The user strikes everything around it by swamping the area with a giant sludge wave. This may also poison those hit.
The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. This may also poison the target.
A five-turn sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except for Rock, Ground, and Steel types.
The target is attacked with an intense blast of all-consuming fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
Boulders are hurled at the target. This also lowers the target's Speed stat by preventing its movement.
The user confounds the target with speed, then slashes. This attack never misses.
The user torments and enrages the target, making it incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
An attack move that doubles its power if the user is poisoned, burned, or has paralysis.
Cloaking itself in flame, the user attacks. Then, building up more power, the user raises its Speed stat.
The user goes to sleep for two turns. This fully restores the user's HP and heals any status conditions.
If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.
The user attacks and steals the target's held item simultaneously. The user can't steal anything if it already holds an item.
The user makes a swift attack on the target's legs, which lowers the target's Speed stat.
The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join in the Round and make the attack do greater damage.
The user attacks the target with an echoing voice. If this move is used every turn, it does greater damage.
The user attacks the target at full power. The attack's recoil harshly lowers the user's Sp. Atk stat.
The target is hit with wings of steel. This may also raise the user's Defense stat.
The user heightens its mental focus and unleashes its power. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def.
The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def.
A restrained attack that prevents the target from fainting. The target is left with at least 1 HP.
The user shoots boiling hot water at its target. This may also leave the target with a burn.
The user flings its held item at the target to attack. This move's power and effects depend on the item.
The user attacks with an electric charge. The user may use any remaining electricity to raise its Sp. Atk stat.
The user takes the target into the sky, then drops it during the next turn. The target cannot attack while in the sky.
The user attacks opposing Pokémon with fire. If a Pokémon is holding a certain item, such as a Berry, the item becomes burned up and unusable.
The user suppresses the target and makes its move go last.
The user shoots a sinister, bluish-white flame at the target to inflict a burn.
The user nimbly strikes the target. If the user is not holding an item, this attack inflicts massive damage.
This move prevents the target from using its held item. Its Trainer is also prevented from using items on it.
The user attacks everything around it by causing a tremendous explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows. Critical hits land more easily.
The user stores power, then attacks. If the user moves after the target, this attack's power will be doubled.
The user gets revenge for a fainted ally. If an ally fainted in the previous turn, this move becomes more powerful.
The user charges at the target using every bit of its power. The user can't move on the next turn.
The user polishes its body to reduce drag. This can sharply raise the Speed stat.
The user flashes a bright light that cuts the target's accuracy.
The user stabs the target with sharpened stones from below. Critical hits land more easily.
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
The user launches a weak jolt of electricity that paralyzes the target.
The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin. The slower the user compared to the target, the greater the move's power.
A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. This sharply raises the user's Attack stat.
While resisting, the user attacks the opposing Pokémon. This lowers the Sp. Atk stat of those hit.
The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.
The user strikes everything around it by stomping down on the ground. This lowers the Speed stat of those hit.
The user blows its cold breath on the target. This attack always results in a critical hit.
Large boulders are hurled at the opposing Pokémon to inflict damage. This may also make the opposing Pokémon flinch.
The user slashes at the target by crossing its scythes or claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
The target is knocked away, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
The target is infested and attacked for four to five turns. The target can't flee during this time.
The target is stabbed with a tentacle or arm steeped in poison. This may also poison the target.
The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target. It absorbs half the damage caused to heal its own HP.
The user snares the target with grass and trips it. The heavier the target, the greater the move's power.
The user enrages and confuses the target. However, this also sharply raises the target's Attack stat.
While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
The user makes a copy of itself using some of its HP. The copy serves as the user's decoy.
The user gathers all its light energy and releases it at once. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user creates a bizarre area in which slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
The target is cut with a scythe or claw. This can also be used to cut down thin trees.
The user soars and then strikes its target on the next turn. This can also be used to fly to any familiar town.
The user attacks everything around it by swamping its surroundings with a giant wave. This can also be used for crossing water.
The target is slugged with a punch thrown at maximum power. This can also be used to move heavy boulders.
The user charges at the target and may make it flinch. This can also be used to climb a waterfall.
Diving on the first turn, the user floats up and attacks on the next turn.
- - -
- - -
A bag filled with convenient tools for exploring. It provides access to the Underground in the Sinnoh region.
A sturdy, spacious bag that is used to carry any treasures or loot obtained in the coal mine.
It lists the rules for holding battles. For Link Battles, you may choose which set of rules you wish to use.
A tool that can search out Pokémon that are hiding in the tall grass. Its battery is recharged as you walk.
A card that lists how many Battle Points you have earned.
A notebook that keeps a day-to-day record of your adventure so far.
A case for storing Seals that can be applied to the exteriors of Poké Balls.
A lovely case to store colorful Props for your Pokémon to wear in a musical.
A tiny bag that can hold 10 Seals for decorating Poké Balls.
A convenient notepad that is used to register your Friends and friend codes and keep a record of your gameplay.
A large key for operating the doors of the Valley Windworks in the canyon. It was held by a Team Galactic Grunt.
An ancient good-luck charm made of Pokémon bones to be taken to the elder of Celestic Town.
A card key for disengaging the security systems in the Galactic HQ. Losing it can result in punishment, apparently.
A mythical chain that is said to link the Legendary Pokémon that created the Sinnoh region.
A very convenient map that can be viewed anytime. It even shows you your present location in the region.
A device that indicates Trainers who want to battle. Its battery charges while you walk.
A case for holding coins obtained at the Game Corner. It can hold up to 50,000 coins.
An old and beat-up fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
A new, good-quality fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
An awesome, high-tech fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
A watering can shaped like a Psyduck. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
A case for storing Poffins cooked from Berries.
A folding Bicycle that enables a rider to get around much faster than a pair of Running Shoes will allow.
A key to one of the suites at a certain luxury hotel by a lake. For some odd reason, it often disappears.
A letter from Professor Oak. Written in it is a request for you to go to Route 224.
A feather that glows like the moon. It's said to possess the power to dispel nightmares.
A card needed for entering the inn in Canalave City. Oddly, the last date marked on it was 50 years ago.
A flute that puts out echoing sounds that do not seem to be of this world. No one knows who made it.
A ticket required for sailing on the ferry S.S. Aqua. It has a drawing of a ship on its front.
A pass required for entering Pokémon Contests. It has a drawing of an award ribbon on its front.
A stone formed by boulders melting in intensely hot magma, then hardening. Magma remains sealed inside it.
A parcel entrusted into your care. You are supposed to deliver it to your childhood friend who left Twinleaf Town.
A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch--Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch--Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch--Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
The key to Team Galactic's sinister warehouse located at the edge of Veilstone City.
A fantastic medicine dispensed by the pharmacy in Cianwood City. It fully heals a Pokémon of any ailment.
An amazing device that can record a battle between friends or the battles at certain special battle facilities.
A flower sometimes bundled in bouquets to convey gratitude on special occasions like birthdays.
A high-tech key that has to be used at a specific location. It emits a special electronic signal to open a door.
A handy box where you can store up to 99 of each kind of Apricorn.
A report of all the discovered kinds of Unown.
Handy containers for cultivating Berries wherever you go.
It searches for hidden items in the area and emits different lights and sounds when it detects something.
A card to save points for the Buena's Password show.
A very tasty tail of something. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A very old-fashioned bell that makes a gentle ringing sound.
A card key that opens a shutter in the Radio Tower.
A key that opens a door in the Goldenrod Tunnel.
A bottle used for watering plants in the Berry Pots.
A scale from a red Gyarados. It glows red like a flame.
The Mime Jr. doll that was lost by the Copycat.
A pass required for riding the Magnet Train. It allows you to ride whenever and however much you'd like.
An important part of a machine that was stolen from the Power Plant.
A strange, silvery feather that sparkles.
A mystical rainbow feather that sparkles.
A mysterious Egg obtained from Mr. Pokémon. What is in the Egg is unknown.
A red Apricorn. It assails your nostrils.
A blue Apricorn. It smells a bit like grass.
A yellow Apricorn. It has an invigorating scent.
A green Apricorn. It has a mysterious, aromatic scent.
A pink Apricorn. It has a nice, sweet scent.
A white Apricorn. It doesn't smell like anything.
A black Apricorn. It has a scent beyond one's experience.
A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon that are usually very quick to run away.
A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon that are at a lower level than your own Pokémon.
A Poké Ball that is good for catching Pokémon that you reel in with a Rod while out fishing.
A Poké Ball that is better than usual at catching very heavy Pokémon.
A Poké Ball that works best when catching a Pokémon that is of the opposite gender of your Pokémon.
A strange Poké Ball that will make the wild Pokémon caught with it more friendly toward you immediately.
A Poké Ball that will make it easier to catch Pokémon that can evolve using a Moon Stone.
A special Poké Ball that is used during the Bug-Catching Contest.
A special Poké Ball for the Pal Park.
A nice photo album for storing all the photos taken along your adventure.
A music player that allows you to listen to nostalgic songs. It's operated with the flip of a single switch.
A very old-fashioned bell that makes a gentle ringing sound.
Mahogany Town's famous candy. When consumed, it restores 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many victories you have had in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many losses you have had in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon dashed in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon jumped in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Hurdle Dash.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Relay Run.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Pennant Capture.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Block Smash.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Disc Catch.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Snow Throw.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many points your Pokémon scored in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon failed in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon impeded themselves.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon tackled in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon fell down in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Ring Drop.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Lamp Jump.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Circle Push.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many Link Pokéathlon wins you have had.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many Link Pokéathlon losses you have had.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you have won a Pokéathlon event.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you have lost a Pokéathlon event.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you switched Pokémon in the Pokéathlon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon's Goal Roll.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon won individual prizes.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you instructed your Pokémon.
It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how much time you spent participating in the Pokéathlon.
A shiny green orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It's known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
A sturdy Capsule that can only be opened with a special key.
A shiny red orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It's known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
A shiny blue orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It's known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
A crystal ball that was excavated from the ground. It's a very beautiful stone that is covered with bits of rock and earth.
A mysterious scale that causes a certain Pokémon to evolve. It shines in rainbow colors.
A mysterious Evolutionary lump. When held by a Pokémon that can still evolve, it raises both Defense and Sp. Def.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This very light stone reduces the weight of a Pokémon when held.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder is hit, the attacker will also be damaged upon contact.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder will float in the air until hit. Once hit, this item will burst.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder is hit by an attack, the attacker is removed from battle.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Moves that normally have no effect will land on a Pokémon holding it.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. A band that increases the power of binding moves used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Atk if hit with a Water- type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Attack if hit with an Electric- type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder is hit by an attack, it will be switched out of battle.
A gem with an essence of fire. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fire-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of water. When held, it strengthens the power of a Water-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of electricity. When held, it strengthens the power of an Electric-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of nature. When held, it strengthens the power of a Grass-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of ice. When held, it strengthens the power of an Ice-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of combat. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fighting-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of poison. When held, it strengthens the power of a Poison-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of land. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ground-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of air. When held, it strengthens the power of a Flying-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of the mind. When held, it strengthens the power of a Psychic-type move one time.
A gem with an insect-like essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Bug-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of rock. When held, it strengthens the power of a Rock-type move one time.
A gem with a spectral essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ghost-type move one time.
A gem with a draconic essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dragon-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of darkness. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dark-type move one time.
A gem with an essence of steel. When held, it strengthens the power of a Steel-type move one time.
A gem with an ordinary essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Normal-type move one time.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base HP of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Attack stat of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Defense stat of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Sp. Atk stat of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Sp. Def stat of a single Pokémon.
An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Speed stat of a single Pokémon.
Though this feather is beautiful, it's just a regular feather and has no effect on Pokémon.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears as though it could be part of its back.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sky. It looks as if it could come from part of its wing.
A special pass to go to Liberty Garden. Board the ship in Castelia City.
A mysterious orb containing the power of the Unova region, to be used when generating Pass Power.
A special Poké Ball that appears in your Bag out of nowhere in the Entree Forest. It can catch any Pokémon.
A toy that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with a wild Pokémon.
A lovely case to store colorful Props for your Pokémon to wear in a musical.
A skull of a Pokémon which was said to have braved the angry waters to fly around the world.
A rare mushroom that gives off a nice fragrance. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
Very large pearls that sparkle in a pretty silver color. They can be sold at a high price to shops.
A shard that fell to the ground when a comet approached. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A copper coin used by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
A silver coin used by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
A gold coin used by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
A fragile vase made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
A heavy bracelet made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
A stone figurine made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
A heavy crown made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
Castelia City's specialty, soft-serve ice cream. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokémon.
It can be used many times to raise the critical-hit ratio of one Pokémon. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It sharply raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It drastically raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
It raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
When used, it activates the Ability of an ally Pokémon.
When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to drop a held item.
When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to use its held item.
When used, it restores any stat changes of an ally Pokémon.
It can be used many times to greatly raise a Pokémon's critical-hit ratio. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
Reshiram's body was destroyed and changed into this stone. It is said to be waiting for the emergence of a hero.
Zekrom's body was destroyed and changed into this stone. It is said to be waiting for the emergence of a hero.
The user shrouds itself in electricity and smashes into its target. This also damages the user a little.
The user attacks with a punch. This may also lower the target's Defense stat. This move can also shatter rocks in the field.
The user yells as if it's ranting about something, which lowers the Sp. Atk stat of opposing Pokémon.
A high-tech transceiver with a camera function. It allows up to four-way calls.
A rare stone.
An important letter that Wingull delivers.
An important letter that Wingull delivers.
An important letter that Wingull delivers.
A high-tech transceiver with a camera function. It allows up to four-way calls.
A box-shaped machine that stores Medals and Medal information.
A splicer that fuses Kyurem and a certain Pokémon. They are said to have been one in the beginning.
A splicer that separates Kyurem and a certain Pokémon when they have been fused.
A permit that is needed to enter the Nature Preserve. Not many know about it.
An oval charm said to increase the chance of Pokémon Eggs being found at the Day Care.
A shiny charm said to increase the chance of finding a Shiny Pokémon in the wild.
A card key needed to enter the password inside the Plasma Frigate.
A handkerchief dropped by a regular at Café Warehouse. It smells faintly like a Pokémon.
A special device that wrings out the potential of Pokémon. It is an imperfect prototype.
The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a boy.
The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a girl.
A looking glass that reveals the truth. It's a mysterious glass that returns a Pokémon to its original shape.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Attack and Sp. Atk sharply increase if the holder is hit with a move it's weak to.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. This offensive vest raises Sp. Def but prevents the use of status moves.
A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It is also used to chat with others.
A letter that Professor Sycamore wrote to your mother. A faint but pleasant perfume seems to cling to the paper.
Attaches roller skates to the bottom of your shoes, allowing you to glide quickly around and perform tricks.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fairy-type moves.
A capsule that allows a Pokémon with two Abilities to switch between these Abilities when it is used.
A soft and sweet treat made of fluffy, puffy, whipped and whirled cream. It's loved by a certain Pokémon.
A sachet filled with fragrant perfumes that are just slightly too overwhelming. Yet it's loved by a certain Pokémon.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def if hit with a Water- type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Attack if hit with an Ice-type attack. It can only be used once.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. These goggles protect the holder from both weather-related damage and powder.
A flute which can play with such a beautiful tone that even sleeping Pokémon find themselves roused.
Mulch to be used in a Berry field. It increases the Berry harvest without the need for particularly diligent care.
Mulch to be used in a Berry field. It causes strange, sudden mutations based on the combination of Berries.
Mulch to be used in a Berry field. It increases the Berry harvest that can be grown by diligent watering.
Mulch to be used in a Berry field. An amazing Mulch with the effects of Rich, Surprise, and Boost Mulch.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gengar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gardevoir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Ampharos hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Venusaur hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Blastoise hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Blaziken hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Medicham hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Houndoom hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Aggron hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Banette hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Tyranitar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Scizor hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Pinsir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Aerodactyl hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Lucario hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Abomasnow hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Kangaskhan hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gyarados hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Absol hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Alakazam hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Heracross hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mawile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Manectric hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Garchomp hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Latias hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
One variety of the mysterious Mega Stones. Have Latios hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fairy-type attack.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will increase the holder's Defense if it's hit with a physical move.
If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will increase the holder's Sp. Def if it's hit with a special move.
A watering can shaped like a Lotad. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
An attack that makes use of nature's power. Its effects vary depending on the user's environment.
The user releases a horrible aura imbued with dark thoughts. This may also make the target flinch.
Striking opponents over and over makes the user's fists harder. Hitting a target raises the Attack stat.
The user damages opposing Pokémon by emitting a powerful flash.
The user tells the target a secret, and the target loses its ability to concentrate. This lowers the target's Sp. Atk stat.
This pass serves as an ID card for gaining access to the power plant that lies along Route 13.
This ring contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
A rather curious stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It's all in the eye of the beholder.
A perfectly normal stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It's all in the eye of the beholder.
This special coupon allows you to buy items at a discount when you are shopping at a boutique.
A card key that activates the elevator in Lysandre Labs. It is emblazoned with Team Flare's logo.
A commuter pass that allows the holder to ride the TMV between Lumiose City and Kiloude City at any time.
A precious symbol that is awarded only to an individual who has done great things for the Kalos region.
This book contains all the points a new Trainer needs to know on a journey. It was handmade by a kind friend.
An ornament depicting a Pokémon that is venerated as a protector in some region far from Kalos.
A rather chic-looking case for carrying contact lenses.
A light and yet incredibly effective trunk, which can contain every last piece of clothing that can be bought.
A light and yet incredibly effective trunk, which can contain every last piece of clothing that can be bought.
A popular treat in Lumiose City. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
Shalour City's famous shortbread. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks as if it could be a piece of a large jaw.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks like the impression from a skin sail.
A ticket that was handmade by Looker. It's decorated with a liberal amount of glittery paint.
A folding Bicycle that enables a rider to get around much faster than a pair of Running Shoes will allow.
A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It is also used to chat with others.
A gem with an essence of the fey. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fairy-type move one time.
This charm contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
This glove contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
