Pokémon move toward enemies on their own and attack them.

Pokémon that want to be your buddies will come to your base about every 22 hours.
If you've encountered a rare Pokémon during an expedition, there's a chance it may come visit your base, too.

When you cook up some food, Pokémon that like that kind of food will come visit your base camp.
Tap an ingredients icon to put that ingredient in your cooking pot.
Once you've filled the pot, you're ready to cook.




Pokémon on Tumblecube Island have mysterious charms known as Power Charms.
When you put a Power Stone into a socket on a Power Charm, it can raise the Pokémon's HP or ATK.






Each time you head out for an expedition on Happenstance Island, the Pokémon you find there and the terrain will change in this mysterious place.
There may be special Pokémon you can't encounter anywhere else lying in wait here.


You can buy things that will help you on your expeditions on Tumblecube Island from the Poké Mart.
You need special items called PM Tickets to buy things from the Poké Mart.
As a service for members, you can receive PM Tickets on a regular basis.



You can decorate your base camp with the decorations you get.
You can tap on a spot that's the right size to set the decoration you've selected there.
The effects of decorations become active as soon as you get them and aren't affected by where you position them in your base camp.

Pokémon know moves. By tapping the icon for one of your Pokémon's moves, you can give the order to use that move.
Power Stones are important items that you can give your Pokémon to make them stronger.
As you progress through stages, you'll be able to get strong Power Stones.

A Move Stone is a special item that can increase the performance of certain moves.
You can put a Move Stone into a socket connected to a move that has the same color as the stone.







Decorations are handy items that will make your expeditions on the island more efficient.
Decorations have special effects that activate automatically when you purchase them.
You can also decorate your base camp with them by tapping the Decorations button.



What kinds of Pokémon are attracted by your cooking depends on the dish you cooked.
There are various dishes that you can cook depending on how you combine your ingredients.
You can check on the tendencies of Pokémon and the combinations of ingredients from the recipe menu.
There are some hidden recipes that are especially appealing to certain Pokémon.
By training your Pokémon, you can increase their Exp. or change the moves they know.
You'll need the help of a supporting Pokémon to train one of your Pokémon.
You'll have to say good-bye to the supporting Pokémon once the training is over.
You got the bronze cooking pot.
You can change to the bronze cooking pot with the change button.
The amount of ingredients you need to use when you cook a dish will increase, but Pokémon that are Lv. 16 or higher will be attracted by your cooking.
Even the same species of Pokémon that you've attracted before will have higher HP and ATK when you use more ingredients.
You can start an island expedition from the dungeon icon.
The goal of the game is to find precious loot that lies hidden on the island as you progress on your expeditions.
The total of your team members' HP and ATK is your team's strength.
At each spot where you can head out on an expedition, the strength of enemies will be displayed. This should give you an idea of what your team's strength should be.
Pokémon with the same type as the bonus type for the place you're heading out on an expedition to will have higher HP and ATK than normal, making them stronger than they usually are.
When your dish has finished cooking will depend on how many times you've gone out on expeditions on the island.
If you use PM Tickets, which are special items, you can finish cooking your dish right away.
You can receive items as rewards for your activities on Tumblecube Island.
Sometimes you can even get some precious PM Tickets.
There are some items that you can only receive as rewards for quests.
If you get stuck during your expeditions on Tumblecube Island, it might be a good idea to try taking on some quests.
As you've continued on your expeditions, MoBee's ability to detect items has improved. It will now be temporarily able to find more items.
Just for this next expedition, MoBee will definitely be able to find a rare Power Stone with some special effect.
With the Everstone button, you can give a Pokémon an Everstone that will stop it from evolving.
