



































The user continuously breathes out long flames for a while. Deals damage to enemies as long as they remain in the flames. Sometimes burns enemies.
The user creates a wide wave and charges forward on it. Deals damage to enemies caught in the wave.
The user strikes the area in front of itself with a lightning bolt. Deals damage to nearby enemies. Sometimes paralyzes enemies.
The user plants a seed on the ground in front of itself. Enemies in range are gradually damaged. Part of the damage dealt is absorbed to restore the user's HP.
The user stores up power and then fires a tremendous beam at enemies. Deals severe damage to enemies it hits.
The user fires sparks in front of itself that split and run in three directions when they hit the ground. Deals damage to enemies they hit. Sometimes burns enemies.
The user creates a path of flames in front of itself and charges forward along it. Deals damage to enemies. Sometimes burns enemies.
The user creates flames all around itself and fires them off in a spiral. Deals damage to enemies they hit. Sometimes burns enemies.
The user imbues its fist with the power of flames, and strikes enemies directly in front of it with a burning punch. Deals damage and sometimes burns enemies.
The user spouts scarlet flames all around itself. Deals damage to enemies around it. Sometimes burns enemies.
The user drapes itself with sinister flames and attacks enemies directly in front of it. Often burns enemies.
The user stores up the power of flames, raising the damage it deals for a while.
The user fires bubbles in three directions. Deals damage to enemies hit by the bubbles and sometimes lowers their movement speed.
The user approaches enemies in front of itself and creates a pillar of water beneath them. This deals damage to enemies it hits.
The user shoots four pillars of water up from the ground and sends them out in front of itself. Deals damage to enemies hit by them.
The user creates a whirlpool around itself. Deals damage to enemies around the user.
The user withdraws into its hard shell, reducing the amount of damage it takes for a while.

The user envelops itself in a veil made of water, restoring some of its HP.
The user charges at enemies in front of itself with tremendous speed, dealing damage to them.
After storing up electricity, the user fires it toward enemies in front of itself, dealing damage to them. Sometimes paralyzes enemies.
The user discharges tremendous electricity all around itself. Deals damage to enemies around the user. Sometimes paralyzes enemies.
The user charges its body with electricity and charges toward enemies in front of itself. Sometimes paralyzes enemies.
The user charges its fist with electricity and unleashes a shocking punch on enemies directly in front of itself, sometimes paralyzing them.
The user stores up electricity, raising the damage it deals and making it resistant to negative effects for a while.
The user gathers electrical power beneath itself, raising the damage it deals for a while.
The user spreads an electric net out directly in front of itself, lowering the movement speed of enemies hit by it for a while.
The user launches sharp-edged leaves to slash at enemies, damaging them. Critical hits land more easily.
The user gathers light and unleashes it in front of itself, dealing damage to enemies hit by it.
The user strikes enemies in front of itself with whiplike vines. Deals damage to enemies hit by them.
The user spins in place, scattering petals that deal damage to enemies around it.
The user scatters numbing powder directly in front of itself. Often paralyzes enemies hit by it.
The user scatters sleep-inducing spores directly in front of itself, often making enemies fall asleep.
The user attacks enemies in front of itself, dealing damage to them. Some of the damage dealt is absorbed by the user, restoring its HP.
The user absorbs light, raising the damage it deals for a while.

The user fires an icy-cold beam at enemies in front of itself. Deals damage to enemies and sometimes freezes them.
The user drops frigid icicles in front of itself. Deals damage to enemies hit by them and sometimes freezes them.
The user moves about while creating a blizzard centered on itself. Deals damage to enemies around the user and sometimes freezes them.
The user chills its fist and unleashes a freezing punch on enemies directly in front of it. Sometimes freezes enemies.

The user cloaks itself in a veil of light, reducing the amount of damage it takes for a while.

The user sends a freezing gust of chilled air at enemies in front of itself, damaging them. Sometimes lowers enemies' movement speed.
The user delivers a punch with its hard fist to enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them. Often raises the amount of damage the user deals.
The user jumps toward enemies in front of itself and smacks them with a two-handed chop, damaging them. Critical hits land more easily.
The user spins toward enemies in front of itself, smashing into them. Deals damage to enemies hit by the user as it whirls around.
After charging toward enemies in front of itself, the user jumps up and deals damage with a knee kick. The user also takes recoil damage.
The user kicks as it spins in place, dealing damage to surrounding enemies.
The user punches enemies directly in front of itself with its full, concentrated power. Sometimes confuses enemies.
The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body, raising the damage it deals for a while. This also reduces the damage the user takes.
The user fires a punch at enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them. It also absorbs power with its fist, restoring its own HP.
The user unleashes its fury, damaging enemies in a broad area nearby and destroying surrounding trees and rocks.
The user fires a poisonous stinger at enemies in front of itself. Sometimes poisons enemies hit by it.
The user shoots out a glob of sludge that splits open when it hits the ground, damaging surrounding enemies. Sometimes poisons enemies.
The user spews poison around itself, damaging enemies. Sometimes poisons enemies.
The user alters its cellular structure to liquefy itself, reducing the damage it takes for a while.
The user sprays a powerful poison around itself, often poisoning enemies hit by it.
The user scatters poison powder in front of itself, often poisoning enemies hit by it.
The user spews poison in front of itself, sometimes raising the amount of damage enemies take.
The user hurls mud in three directions, dealing damage to enemies hit by it. Sometimes reduces their movement speed.
The user throws a boomerang made of bone, damaging enemies hit by it.
The user throws a lump of mud in front of itself that splits open when it hits the ground, damaging surrounding enemies and sometimes raising the amount of damage they take.
The user scatters spikes in front of itself, damaging enemies that step on them.
The user causes an earthquake that damages surrounding enemies.
The user digs a tunnel to travel beneath the feet of enemies in front of itself, then pops out from beneath them to damage them.
The user gathers sand from beneath itself, restoring a bit of its HP.

The user attacks enemies directly in front of itself with its sharp beak, damaging them.
The user flies toward enemies far in front of itself, then swoops down to deal damage to them.
After flying up and bracing itself, the user charges at enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them. Critical hits land more easily.
The user sends an intense gust of wind out in front of itself that whirls around and damages enemies hit by it.
The user whips up an intense wind around itself, damaging surrounding enemies and sometimes confusing them.
The user creates an intense swirling wind that raises its movement speed for a while.
The user briefly rests its body, restoring a bit of its HP.
The user quickly slashes in front of itself twice, dealing damage.
The user sends peculiar rays of light out in three directions, damaging enemies hit by them. Sometimes confuses enemies.
The user focuses its willpower to its head, then smashes it into enemies directly in front of itself, dealing damage to enemies hit by it.
The user creates a large, mysterious light and fires it out, dealing damage to enemies hit by it. Sometimes raises the amount of damage they take.
The user relaxes and lightens its body, raising its movement speed for a while.
The user throws up a wall around itself, lowering the amount of damage it takes for a while.
The user employs hypnotic suggestion, often making enemies in front of itself fall asleep.
The user utilizes its psychic powers to teleport.
After moving forward, the user deals damage to enemies with blades formed by psychic power. Critical hits land more easily.

The user creates a wall of light, making it harder for it to be affected by negative effects for a while.
The user creates a large orb of light in front of itself. The orb then splits into many smaller ones that fly out in all directions, dealing damage to surrounding enemies.
The user shoots three sharp spikes in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by them.
The user lunges toward enemies in front of itself, damaging them.
The user spews a sticky thread in three directions, creating nets that will damage enemies and often lower their movement speed.
Using its tough and impressive horn, the user rams into enemies in front of itself with no letup, dealing huge damage to them.
The user scatters a cloud of irritating powder on itself, causing surrounding enemies to target it.
Scales carried by the wind swirl around the user, damaging enemies hit by them. Some or all of the user's stats sometimes rise at random.
The user drains the blood of enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them. Part of the damage dealt is absorbed to restore the user's HP.
After attacking surrounding enemies, the user moves back to dodge enemies' counterattacks.
The user hurls a shadowy blob in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by it. Sometimes raises the amount of damage they take.
The user licks enemies all around itself with its long tongue, damaging them. Sometimes paralyzes enemies.
The user exposes surrounding enemies to a sinister ray, often confusing them.

The user tries to startle enemies directly in front of itself, damaging those taken by surprise.
The user flies into enemies a short distance from itself with great intensity, damaging them.
The user sends a shock wave flying from its mouth, damaging enemies hit by it.
The user gathers its strength, then charges forward while spinning, damaging enemies with its sharp claws.
The user rampages about, attacking and damaging any enemies in its path. Sometimes confuses the user.
The user whips up several tornadoes and sends them out in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by them.
The user vigorously performs a mystic, powerful dance that raises the amount of damage it deals and its movement speed for a while.
The user summons several meteors down around itself, damaging enemies hit by them. Sometimes reduces the amount of damage the user deals.
The user takes aim and then bites on to enemies a short distance in front of itself, damaging them.
The user dashes forward, slashing surrounding enemies and damaging them. Critical hits land more easily.
The user briefly disappears and moves a short distance. It then charges toward enemies, damaging them.
The user stimulates its brain by thinking bad thoughts, raising the amount of damage it deals for a while.
The user flatters enemies in front of itself, which confuses them but raises the amount of damage they deal and reduces the amount of damage they take.
The user taunts surrounding enemies, forcing them to target it.
The user charges at enemies in front of itself and smacks them with its hard wings, dealing damage. Sometimes reduces the amount of damage the user takes.
The user swings its steel-hard tail, damaging surrounding enemies and sometimes raising the amount of damage they take.
The user rakes enemies in front of itself with its steel claws, dealing damage. Sometimes raises the amount of damage the user deals.
The user hardens its skin until it's like iron, lowering the damage it takes for a while.
Enemies near the user are forced to listen to a horrible sound like metal scraping, often raising the amount of damage they take.
The user focuses all of its light energy into a single point and fires a beam in front of itself, sometimes raising the amount of damage enemies take.
The user moves about as it emits a powerful flash that damages enemies hit by it.
The user kisses enemies directly in front of itself and damages them. Part of the damage dealt restores the user's HP.
The user makes surrounding enemies less wary with its cute behavior, often reducing the amount of damage they deal.
The user kisses enemies directly in front of itself with a sweet, angelic kiss that often confuses them.

The user plays rough with enemies in front of itself, damaging them. Sometimes lowers the damage enemies deal.
The user rakes its hard, pointed claws over enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them.
The user unleashes a flurry of punches on enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them.
The user charges into enemies in front of itself with blinding speed, damaging them.
The user slams into enemies in front of itself with a reckless, full-body charge, damaging all enemies hit by it. The user also takes recoil damage.
The user splashes in place.
The user rests in place, greatly restoring its HP.
The user restores its HP with the power of eggs.
After approaching enemies in front of itself, the user slugs enemies directly in front of itself with a muscle-packed punch, damaging them.
The user slams nearby enemies with a long tail, vines, or the like, damaging all of them.
The user grabs the attention of surrounding enemies, forcing them to target it.
The user's body is imbued with three powers as it attacks enemies in front of itself, damaging them. Sometimes burns, paralyzes, or freezes enemies.
The user takes a deep breath and focuses, raising the amount of damage it deals for a while.
The user stiffens all the muscles in its body, lowering the damage it takes for a while.
The user stomps on enemies in front of itself with a big foot, damaging them.

The user growls in an endearing way, making surrounding enemies less wary and often reducing the amount of damage they deal.
The user glares at nearby enemies to intimidate them, often raising the amount of damage they take.
The user sings to enemies around itself with its calming voice, often putting them to sleep.
The user generates odd sound waves from its body, often confusing surrounding enemies.
Restoring its own cells, the user restores its HP.
The user causes a tremendous explosion, dealing huge damage to surrounding enemies. The trade-off is that the user takes enough damage to knock itself out.
The user puts out a substitute for itself that enemies are forced to attack.
The user whips up a strong wind around itself, blowing away enemies hit by it.
The user sprays an all-consuming fire on the ground, damaging enemies hit by it and sometimes burning them.

The user suddenly flashes a bright light at surrounding enemies, often lowering their movement speed.
The user repeatedly swipes at enemies directly in front of itself, damaging them.
The user picks up two rocks and hurls them in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by them.
The user spins around, damaging surrounding enemies it smashes into.
The user creates pillars of stone from the ground, damaging enemies hit by them.
The user hurls hard rocks in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by them.
The user polishes its body to reduce drag, raising its movement speed for a while.
The user creates a sandstorm around itself, damaging enemies hit by it.
The user drops boulders directly in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by them and sometimes lowering their movement speed.
The user uses its own HP to raise all of its stats for a while.
With a frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit, the user raises the amount of damage it deals for a while.
The user roars intensely, blowing away surrounding enemies.
The user meditates to awaken the power deep within its body, raising the amount of damage it deals for a while.
The user temporarily empties its mind to forget its concerns, raising the amount of damage it deals and making it more resistant to negative effects.
The user exhales hot breath in front of itself, damaging enemies hit by it and sometimes burning them.
The user cloaks itself in fire and charges forward, damaging enemies it hits and sometimes burning them.


















After electrifying itself and charging toward enemies, the user jumps and discharges electricity, damaging enemies hit by it and sometimes paralyzing them.
The user flails about, damaging enemies it hits.
The user smashes into enemies in front of itself with all its might, damaging them.
The user bounces forward high into the air twice, damaging enemies it hits.











The user is roused, raising the amount of damage it deals and reducing the amount of damage it takes for a while.
The user approaches enemies and causes an explosion, damaging all surrounding enemies. The trade-off is that the user takes enough damage to knock itself out.
The user scatters eggs around itself, damaging enemies hit by them.
The user focuses every bit of its power and charges toward enemies in front of itself, dealing huge damage to them.
The user gets right up on enemies in front of itself and smacks them with a single blow, damaging them. Sometimes raises the amount of damage the user takes.
The user sends several seeds flying out in front of itself simultaneously, damaging enemies hit by them.
When Ditto transforms into another Pokémon, this changes into a move that Pokémon can learn.
When Ditto transforms into another Pokémon, this changes into a move that Pokémon can learn.
When Ditto transforms into another Pokémon, this changes into a move that Pokémon can learn.
