

If you use a move that's the same type as the Pokémon using it, the move will deal slightly more damage.

Even if Pokémon are of the same species, their Power Charms and the moves they know can be slightly different.
If you defeat the large Pokémon that appears at the end of an expedition, you can take the items you find back to your base with you.
Pokémon seem to try to attack the Pokémon closest to them.
There seem to be two kinds of Pokémon when it comes to attacking—those that attack from up close and those that attack from far away.
You can apparently choose to use the Auto-Set button to have your Pokémon's Support Stones set automatically.

You can apparently get some ingredients if you recycle your extra Power Stones.
There are apparently some rare Power Stones that have special effects.
The stronger the enemy, the more powerful Power Stones you might get from them.



Even if you've been to a stage before, the enemy Pokémon that appear there can apparently change.
If your Pokémon are getting defeated quickly, a team that focuses on Sturdy Stones, which raise your Pokémon's HP, might be helpful.
Let's call Power Stones that make moves stronger Move Stones.
Sometimes attacks can be critical hits. When they are, the damage they deal is 1.5 times more effective than usual.
Let's call Power Stones that make your Pokémon's HP and ATK stronger Support Stones.
There are apparently six kinds of Move Stones.
If you've befriended Ditto, it seems to transform into a different Pokémon on each expedition.
You seem to be able to get PM Tickets regularly as a service for Poké Mart members.
Every 22 hours, random Pokémon seem to come visit your base camp.
Once you've encountered a Pokémon on an expedition, Pokémon of that species seem to visit your base camp.
What kind of Pokémon come to eat your cooking seems to depend on what you cook.
There are apparently very strong Pokémon waiting at the end of Happenstance Island.
Pokémon don't get stronger just by leveling up— the Power Stones you give them also seem to be essential.
If you do Level-Up Training with the same type of Pokémon, the amount of Exp. you get seems to increase slightly.
If you do Level-Up Training with the same species of Pokémon, the amount of Exp. you get seems to increase.
In rare cases, there are apparently Pokémon that have multi-sockets into which you can put two kinds of stones—HP and ATK.
MoBee IV's battery apparently utilizes special technology developed by Silph Co.
MoBee IV's maximum speed is apparently on par with that of some of the fastest Pokémon.
It seems that the more gorgeous a Power Stone appears, the stronger the power that lies within it.
First, try progressing through the main quests.
It might be good to try challenge quests from time to time.
There are apparently some dangerous Pokémon that will self-destruct and damage everything around them. Better be careful.
The number of sockets for Support Stones apparently increases as Pokémon level up.
Some Pokémon will apparently evolve into a different form when they level up.

Rare Pokémon seem to prefer dishes that you cook with precious ingredients.
Decorations that you buy from the Poké Mart with PM Tickets will have an effect, even if you don't set them up at your base camp.
You can see an explanation of a move when you touch its icon on a Pokémon's Power Charm.
When you have one or more lines of Power Stones attached to a Power Charm, it will unlock new capabilities for that Pokémon.
When Pokémon are poisoned, they are gradually damaged for a little while.
When Pokémon are paralyzed, they sometimes become unable to move for a little while.
When Pokémon are burned, they gradually take damage, and the damage they deal to enemies is lessened for a little while.
When Pokémon are frozen, they are unable to move for a little while.
When Pokémon fall asleep, they are unable to move for a little while.
When Pokémon are confused, they attack themselves for a little while.
When Pokémon are hit by Disable, they are unable to use moves for a little while.
Depending on where you're on an expedition, the ingredients that are easy to get will be different.
There are apparently Power Stones that raise the critical hit rate of Pokémon.
There are apparently Power Stones that raise the movement speed of Pokémon.
There are apparently Power Stones that gradually heal Pokémon they are attached to.
At the Poké Mart, you can check the effects of the decorations you've gotten.
It seems you can increase the number of Pokémon and Power Stones you can have with box expansions from the Poké Mart.
Decorations from the Poké Mart have effects that will help you on your expeditions.
In the Poké Mart, you can check the effects of statues you've gotten as loot.
The greater the amount of ingredients you use when you cook a dish, the higher the level of Pokémon that come to visit.
You can also receive PM Tickets as a reward for completing quests.
The level at which Pokémon evolve seems to be different depending on their species.
There are apparently some moves that Pokémon can only learn after evolving.
The charms that Pokémon have that you can attach Power Stones to are called Power Charms.
Evolved Pokémon are apparently not attracted by your cooking.
It seems that it's possible for Eevee to evolve into three different kinds of Pokémon.

Pokémon at the front of your team are easily targeted by enemies. It's probably best that they have more HP than ATK.
The time you have to wait to use a move again is different for each move.
Team members that are the same type as the bonus type of the stage seem to have higher HP and ATK than usual.

There are apparently 17 or more types of Pokémon. Keep a record of them in your Pokédex.
To cook special dishes, you need to gather several kinds of ingredients.
Even if your Pokémon get all tired out on an expedition, your dish seems to keep on cooking.
Don't forget to set the new Power Stones you've gotten in your Pokémon's Power Charms.
There are some Pokémon that will be attracted by any old dish. It seems that there's another group of Pokémon that will only be attracted by really good cooking.
Pokémon can apparently grow to Lv. 100.
The success rate for Pokémon seems to fall the more times they've successfully completed Move-Learning Training.
The effects of bingo bonuses seem to vary among Pokémon.
Your battery will gain one charge every 30 minutes.
MoBee IV's divining system has a reputation for being pretty reliable.
When MoBee IV's price came down, the capacity of the standard model's battery was apparently decreased.
MoBee IV is apparently recharged by sunlight.
Something seems odd about MoBee lately...
If you automatically set your ingredients, you may be able to cook up a new dish.
There seem to be some special ingredients that can only be found on Happenstance Island.
A whole lot means four or more slots, and a few means two or more slots.
Tiny Mushrooms and Balm Mushrooms are both classified as mushrooms.
Big Roots and Apricorns are classified as plants.
Bluk Berries and Honey are classified as sweet things.
Icy Rocks and Fossils are classified as minerals.

A Pokémon's strength also appears to increase when it evolves.
Pokémon only seem to evolve when they level up.
Pokémon only seem to be able to be afflicted with one status condition at a time.
Pokémon that are all tired out seem to receive the same amount of Exp. as other Pokémon.
A bingo bonus will automatically activate when you have at least one complete line of stones in a Power Charm.
Convert extra Power Stones into ingredients for cooking by recycling them.
There are apparently items that you can only get as quest rewards.
The Pikachu Arch increases the capacity of your battery.
The Mewtwo Arch increases the capacity of your battery.
The Eevee Arch increases the capacity of your battery.
The Perfect Pair Statue increases the capacity of your battery.
The Charizard Torch greatly increases the drop rate of red ingredients.
The Lapras Pool greatly increases the chance that multiple Pokémon will be attracted by your cooking.
The Venusaur Planter greatly increases the drop rate of yellow ingredients.
The Dodrio Tent increases the drop rate of gray ingredients.
The Blastoise Fountain greatly increases the drop rate of blue ingredients.
The Mechanical Tauros greatly increases the drop rate of gray ingredients.
The Snorlax Lounger greatly increases Exp. gained from expeditions.
The Kangaskhan Swing Chair greatly increases the chances that Pokémon with multi-sockets come to visit.
The Pikachu Surfboard increases the chances that multiple Pokémon will be attracted by your cooking.
The Victreebel Golf Bag increases the chances that Pokémon with multi-sockets come to visit.
The Fearow Weathervane greatly increases the amount of Exp. gained from Level-Up Training.
The Meowth Balloon greatly increases the amount of ingredients you can get from recycling.
The Ditto Balloon greatly increases the success rate of Move-Learning Training.
The Gengar Balloon greatly increases the drop rate of all ingredients.
The Bulbasaur Flag increases the amount of Exp. received from Level-Up Training.
The Charmander Flag increases the success rate of Move-Learning Training.
The Squirtle Flag increases the amount of ingredients you can get from recycling.
The Flareon Cusheon increases the drop rate of red ingredients.
The Vaporeon Cusheon increases the drop rate of blue ingredients.
The Jolteon Cusheon increases the drop rate of yellow ingredients.
The Prolific Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 5 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions. 
The Spring Showers Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 10 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions. 
The Flourishing Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 15 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions. 
The Tranquility Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 20 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions. 
The Gentle Breeze Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 25 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions. 
The Abundance Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 30 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions.
The Purification Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 35 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions.
The Burning Mane Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 40 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions.
The Longevity Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 50 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions.
The Reverent Statue allows Pokémon up to Lv. 60 to receive increased Exp. from expeditions.
Stronger Pokémon, even if they're the same species, will come visit the greater the amount of ingredients you use when you're cooking.
You might be able to change a Pokémon's moves with Move-Learning Training.
Which moves a Pokémon learns depends on their species.
The balance of which moves your Pokémon on your team know is also important.
If evolved Pokémon try Move-Learning Training, they may learn a move that can only be learned by evolved Pokémon.
There are apparently some moves that only certain Pokémon can learn.
If you press the scatter button, you can give your team members the order to put some distance between themselves and enemies.
If you can predict when enemies are about to use a move, you should be able to dodge it by telling your team to scatter.
