

 Sky Dash
 Quit
Change Pokémon
← → Change Pokémon
Go to <var> using the Secret Technique Sky Dash?
Yes
No
<var>
<var>'s habitat
Habitat Unknown
A calm country road full of greenery.
A path that winds and bends around Viridian Forest.
A grassy road near the mountainside with large fallen rocks all about.
A one-way road down a hill from Mt. Moon that leads to Cerulean City.
A placid sloping road connecting to the Underground Path.
A road linking Saffron City and Vermilion City. There's an entrance to the Underground Path.
A short path connecting Route 8 with the Underground Path.
A short path connecting Route 7 with the Underground Path.
An uneven road where children often play.
The route runs along a canal and leads to the cavernous Rock Tunnel.
A meadow filled with Trainers. Diglett's Cave is found here.
A bridge where fishermen gather. It's also called Silence Bridge.
The mazelike path with a refreshing coastal view.
A pleasant coastal road where the salty breeze blows past the trees.
A long, grassy path stretching east of Fuchsia City.
Links to the north side of Pokémon Road. A route that is always bustling.
Also known as Pokémon Road. A place where Trainers and Pokémon can walk together.
Links to the south side of Pokémon Road. A place where Trainers gather, looking to battle.
A popular spot for swimming and sunbathing.
An ocean route separated down the middle by the Seafoam Islands.
A sea path warmed by the volcano on the horizon.
A paved road that leads straight to the Pokémon League.
A mountain path where only the strongest Trainers may pass.
Crosses the waterway via the famous Nugget Bridge, just north of Cerulean City.
A maze of shrubs that leads to a place overlooking the cape.
A small country town, home to Professor Oak's lab.
The nature-loving city where flowers bloom all year round.
The stone city that rests at the foot of a great rocky mountain.
The town surrounded by waterways. The Water-type Gym is located here.
A solemn, quiet town. People come to visit their departed Pokémon.
The international port town where magnificent boats gather from across the world.
The city where people of many generations live together. The department store is located here.
A town where many people and Pokémon gather. The Safari Zone is located here.
The town at the foot of a volcano. The Pokémon Mansion is located here.
A plateau where the Pokémon League stands towering above all else.
Tall buildings tower overhead. It's the most populous city in all of the Kanto region.
A deep, shady forest filled with nature and Bug-type Pokémon.
A mountain where shooting stars are said to fall. It is apparently abundant with fossils.
A large natural tunnel. It's pitch black, so a light source is required.
A technological complex where Electric-type Pokémon are commonly found.
A tunnel dug by Diglett connecting Vermilion City to Pewter City.
Two small islands lightly floating in the ocean. A shocking cold fills the caverns inside.
A cave that tests Trainers aiming to reach the Pokémon League at the summit.
Pokémon Center
Poké Mart
Pokémon Lab
Trainers' School
Pokémon Gym
Pewter Museum of Science
Pokémon Tower
Pokémon House
Name Rater
Vermilion Port
Pokémon Fan Club
Celadon Department Store
Celadon Condominiums
Rocket Game Corner
Fortune Teller
GO Park complex
Pokémon Mansion
Cinnabar Lab
Silph Co.
Fighting Dojo
Partner Move Tutor
Move Reminder
Cerulean Cave
