You can view each other's Trainer Cards.Don't you wonder what sort of adventures other players are having?
Many different people come here.It's a great opportunity to talk to everyone,battle them, and improve your skills as a Trainer!
You're much more likely to have a successful trade if you choose a Pokémon that you think your trade partner would be happy to receive!
As for record mixing, I hear that something good may happen if you mix your records with others'!
It looks like your connection is unstable.Please talk to me again later!
Toggle connection
Hm? It appears that you are not currently a Nintendo Switch Online member.A Nintendo Switch Online membership is required to use the Global Club.Please come back after becoming a member.
What would you like to do right now?
No preference!
I'd like to battle!
I'd like to trade!
Please, come on in.
Would you like to use the Union Room?
Enter the Local Room
Enter the Global Room
Never mind
You will leave the Local Room. Is that OK?
You will leave the Global Room. Is that OK?
You have left the Local Room.
You have left the Global Room.
Thank you. Please come again.
Would you like to set a password?
The password is incorrect.
Searching for members...
Failed to find enough members.
Dividing into teams...
Would you like to join a Multi Battle?
Sorry. We already have enough members.Maybe next time!
Your ID will be visible to others. Is this OK?
Nice to meet you!
Do you want to cancel the battle?
Taking you to the Global Room...
Taking you to the Local Room...
You're now in the Global Room.
You're now in the Local Room.
Oh, you're in the mood to battle, are you?I'll try to find a friend who wants to do the same.
Oh, you're in the mood to trade, are you?I'll try to find a friend who wants to do the same.
Oh, you don't have any preference, do you?I'll try to find a friend for you with that in mind.
Would you like to start a battle?
Record Mixing
Please choose your Battle Team.
You will play with one other person. Each of you will bring out one Pokémon to battle.Before the battle begins, the participating Pokémon will be shuffled between players.
Welcome to the Pokémon Local Club!This is the reception desk for the Local Room.May I help you with anything?
Yes
Yes, with my group
Yes, with a Link Code
No, thanks
You can only communicate with people who are in the same group.
Oh? It seems you haven't joined a group yet.Please join a group before entering the room.
If you set a Link Code, you can communicate only with people who set the same Link Code.
Right this way, please.
You can't enter the Local Room from here.Please move to a different location.
Would you like to use the Global Room?
Would you like to use the Local Room?
You'll enter the Local Room again.
You'll be leaving the Local Room. Is that OK?
You'll be leaving the Global Room. Is that OK?
You can see each other's Capsule Decorations.Place the Capsule Decoration you want to show off at the top of the list.You're interested in seeing other Trainers'Capsule Decorations, aren't you?If you like someone's Sticker setup, you can copy it to your list. Go ahead and try it out!
Opponent: <var>
I'm <var>!
I'm <var>!
<var> is deciding what to do...
Entry to the battle has been closed.
Sorry! I don't have a Pokémon that I can trade right now. Let's trade some other time.
Sorry! I don't have a Pokémon that I can trade right now. Let's trade some other time.
Would you like to trade?
Would you like to mix records?
Record mixing will be canceled.
Would you like to participate in record mixing?
Your ID will be visible to others. Is that OK?
Thanks for waiting. Here's my Trainer Card!
Thanks for waiting. Here's my Trainer Card!
Would you like to cancel looking at their Trainer Card?
You don't have any customized Ball Capsules.
Sure thing! I'll show you my Capsule Decoration!
Sure thing! I'll show you my Capsule Decoration!
Oops! I haven't done any Capsule Decoration.Sorry! Next time.
Oops! I haven't done any Capsule Decoration.Sorry! Next time.
Thank you for waiting.Here's my Capsule Decoration!
Thank you for waiting.Here's my Capsule Decoration!
Would you like to cancel looking at their Capsule Decoration?
Would you like to copy <var>'s Capsule Decoration?
Please select a Ball Capsule you would like to copy the Capsule Decoration onto.
Would you like to copy the Capsule Decoration onto this Ball Capsule?
The Capsule Decoration has been copied.
<var> wants to show you their Capsule Decoration.Would you like to show yours to them?
You saw <var>'s Capsule Decoration.
You'll enter the Local Room again.
It's fun to show our Capsule Decorations to each other!
It's fun to show our Capsule Decorations to each other!
I'm just showing my Trainer Card as my way of greeting.
You can't use the Capsule Decoration feature.
You don't have a blank Ball Capsule.
Would you like to have a Single Battle?
Would you like to have a Double Battle?
Would you like to have a Mix Battle?
Would you like to have a Multi Battle?
Leave the room
Tell me more
Welcome to the Local Room!Please enjoy trading Pokémon with a lot of people!
You canceled the trade.
