Which Rotom are you choosing?
An Egg can't enter a motor.
That Pokémon can't enter a motor.
Which Rotom would you like to return to its original form?
Oh? Rotom appears as if it wants to revert to its original form.Would you like to recall it from the motor?
Recall
Yes
No
That Rotom hasn't entered a motor.
There was an appliance here—the one with the oddly shaped motor.
It's a microwave oven. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.
It's a microwave oven. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.Oh? Rotom appears as if it wants to go into the motor.Will you allow Rotom to enter the motor?
Rotom reluctantly gave up on entering the microwave oven's motor...
"Microwave oven" has been added to the Rotom Catalog!
It's a refrigerator. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.
It's a refrigerator. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.Oh? Rotom appears as if it wants to go into the motor.Will you allow Rotom to enter the motor?
Rotom reluctantly gave up on entering the refrigerator's motor...
"Refrigerator" has been added to the Rotom Catalog!
It's a washing machine. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.
It's a washing machine. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.Oh? Rotom appears as if it wants to go into the motor.Will you allow Rotom to enter the motor?
Rotom reluctantly gave up on entering the washing machine's motor...
"Washing machine" has been added to the Rotom Catalog!
It's a rotary fan. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.
It's a rotary fan. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.Oh? Rotom appears as if it wants to go into the motor.Will you allow Rotom to enter the motor?
Rotom reluctantly gave up on entering the rotary fan's motor...
"Rotary fan" has been added to the Rotom Catalog!
It's a lawn mower. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.
It's a lawn mower. It has an odd-shaped motor on it.Oh? Rotom appears as if it wants to go into the motor.Will you allow Rotom to enter the motor?
Rotom reluctantly gave up on entering the lawn mower's motor...
"Lawn mower" has been added to the Rotom Catalog!
There is a mysterious notebook here. Its age is impossible to tell."It was by pure chance that I obtained information about the Pokémon Rotom."Remarkably, Rotom is able to merge with special motors."Rotom can thereby enter various home appliances and change its form."I have confirmed that Rotom changes its types and the moves it can learn by reflecting the characteristics of any home appliance it enters."This Pokémon requires exhaustive observation and analysis."To ensure I get all the credit, my Rotom research must be kept secret."They will come to recognize me as the scientific genius Char..."The rest of the notebook is blank.
Ah, imagine finding you here!You must be eager to fill your Pokédex to be searching even here.What am I doing?I visit a professor I know in Eterna every so often.He tells me intriguing rumors of rare Pokémon sightings and such.
A Pokémon that slips into electric appliances,you say...Hmm... That is somewhat off from what I've heard about it.Hmm... This is what I've heard.Long ago, there was a Pokémon that merged with a toy robot.Should that Pokémon be recognized as a new species or not?Debates over the issue were about to start when they were rendered moot.The very topic of discussion—the Pokémon-infused robot—disappeared...
It's an old notebook. There's no telling how old it is.Would you like to read it?
"Our encounter was a sudden one."It was when I found my toy robot—one that I had earlier misplaced."At that instant, a Pokémon startlingly emerged from the lawn mower's motor!"Clutching my robot, I stared, transfixed by the peculiar Pokémon."Would you like to keep reading?
"The Pokémon hovered in the air, held aloft by a power unseen."As if curious and unafraid of my presence, it floated toward me."Crackling sounds accompanied it, as if from static electricity in the air."Remarkably, it seemed the Pokémon was the source of this power!"In alarm, I flinched, certain that my face would be subjected to a shock."Much to my surprise, the Pokémon seemed to favor me with a smile."Would you like to keep reading?
"Finally, I came to realize that the Pokémon only wished to be friends."I have decided to name this most wondrous Pokémon 'Rotom.'"Simple though it may be, Rotom emerged to me from the motor of a lawn mower."'Motor' and 'Rotom'... Surely the link is obvious?"Would you like to keep reading?
"Rotom is a Pokémon that is simply sensational."The fact that it can turn invisible is simply the beginning."What makes Rotom unique is its ability to enter and operate machinery!"This is about halfway through. Would you like to keep reading?
"Rotom and I became fast friends. We were perpetual companions."The electricity from its body forbade contact, however."We could not touch, let alone hug or hold hands, but we cared not."For we were bonded on a much deeper,incorporeal level."Would you like to keep reading?
"A feeling of mischief got the better of me one day."Seeing Rotom hovering, I decided to startle it.Normally I would not."Perhaps frightened, Rotom discharged power beyond its usual range."I fell, stunned, into the arms of unconsciousness..."Would you like to keep reading?
"When I came to, to my horror I realized that Rotom had disappeared."I searched high and low for my friend in dismay and desperation."'Don't chastise yourself.'"'The fault is mine. No harm done.'"'Let us play as we always have.'"Though my words poured out, my friend could not be found to hear them..."Would you like to keep reading?
"My search for Rotom carried me far from home."It was in the town's rubbish heap that I again found my old toy robot."Curiously, our eyes met, then the robot waved a hand as if in greeting."I knew then that I had found my lost friend."I ran to it and hugged Rotom tight, talking on and on."Would you like to keep reading?
"The robot's eyes lit up happily as I held it."I'm certain that within it, Rotom was emitting lots of electricity."Somehow, I felt I could understand Rotom's thoughts better than before."Also, I realized that we would remain friends throughout our lives..."The notebook ends with this page.
You used the <var>!
It's the entrance to a secret room!
Please select a Rotom.
Eligible
Ineligible
<var> entered the motor.<var> is trying to learn <var>.But <var> can't learn more than four moves.Would you like it to forget a move to make room for <var>?
Would you like to give up on having this Pokémon learn <var>?
<var> did not learn <var>.<var> emerged from the motor.
Is it OK to forget the move <var>?
One...two...and...ta-da!
<var> forgot <var>.And...
<var> learned<var> instead!
<var> got inside the motor!
<var> came out of the motor!
Anyway, this Rotom...What an interesting Pokémon.So, you say it enters an appliance and essentially merges with the device.It may also learn new moves in the process.In a way, I suppose it could be thought of as a mechanical Pokémon.Hmm! Though it is utterly unique, it is undeniably a species of Pokémon.Fine, fine, so be it!No matter how old one gets, there will always be new Pokémon discoveries!Take care, <var>!
