Your Adventure Begins
You are about to enter a world where you will embark on a grand adventure of your very own.
Speak to people and check things wherever you go, be it in towns, roads, or caves. Gather information and hints from every possible source.
New paths will open to you when you help people in need, overcome challenges, and solve mysteries.
At times, you will be challenged by others to a battle. At other times, wild creatures may stand in your way. By overcoming such hurdles, you will gain great power.
However, your adventure is not solely about becoming powerful.
On your travels, we hope that you will meet countless people and, through them,achieve personal growth.This is the most important objective of this adventure.
The Guidebook
This Guidebook explains how to use various functions, facilities, and items that will help you on your journey.More content will be added to the Guidebook as you progress through your adventure.The Guidebook can be found in the Key Itemspocket of your Bag, and you can check it at any time.
The Menu
Press the X Button to open the menu. From there,you can either open your Bag to use items or press the R Button to save your progress.More functions will be added to the menu as your adventure continues.
The Pokédex
Professor Rowan has entrusted you with the task of completing your Pokédex. Each time you catch a new Pokémon, its information will be automatically recorded.Select Pokédex from the menu to view your registries.
Your Pokédex stores all sorts of data about each Pokémon you add to it, including its category,appearance, type, and gender ratios.You can also select Habitat to see where a Pokémon lives in the wild.
While on the Cry screen of a Pokédex entry,you can listen to that Pokémon's cry.Shaking the Joy-Con allows you to hear different sounds, like added reverberation or a chorus effect, so be sure to try it out.
Pokémon Centers
There are Pokémon Centers all over the Sinnoh region.Visit a Pokémon Center to restore your tired Pokémon to full health. These facilities are easily recognizable by their distinctive red roofs.
You can use the PC located in every Pokémon Center to access the Pokémon Storage System.From there, you can move your Pokémon into and out of Boxes.
Pokémon Boxes
You can use Pokémon Boxes to swap Pokémon in your party for Pokémon you left at a Pokémon Center's PC.To access the Boxes, select Pokémon from the menu and then press the R Button.
The Pokétch
The Pokétch is a convenient and cutting-edge gadget designed to help out Trainers on their adventures. There are various Pokétch apps you can use, such as the Digital Watch app and the Calculator app.
To use your Pokétch, first press the R Button.Press R Button again to enlarge or reduce the screen size.Use the Left Stick to move the finger cursor,and press the A Button, or directly touch the screen, to control your apps.Toggle through your apps with the red button on the right side.Press and hold the R Button to close the Pokétch.
You will receive new Pokétch apps as you interact with the many people you'll meet across Sinnoh.Some of these apps are necessary to continue on your adventure, so be sure to search far and wide for them.
Hidden Moves
If you need to cut down a tree blocking your path,smash a rock in your way, or fly to a familiar town,use hidden moves from an app on your Pokétch.A wild Pokémon will come lend a helping wing or paw!
New hidden moves are added to the Hidden Moves app on your Pokétch when you obtain certain TMs.In order to use a hidden move outside of battle,you'll have to earn its corresponding Gym Badge from the various Gym Leaders across the region.
Fishing
By facing a body of water and using your fishing rod, you can go fishing. When a Pokémon bites and "!" appears, hurry and press the A Buttonto reel it in.Try fishing in different areas to catch a wider variety of Pokémon!
Bike Riding
Get on your bike by selecting it from the Key Items pocket of your Bag or by using abike stand.While riding your bike, you can ride over narrow logs, but you can't move through patches of extra tall grass.
Press the B Button while on your bike to change gears.Your bike is easier to control in third gear, but infourth gear, it will gain speed and can even climb up steep, sandy slopes!
Walking with Pokémon
Even outside of Amity Square, you can take your Pokémon on a walk—it'll follow right behind you!Just select Pokémon from the menu, choose one of the Pokémon in your party, and selectWalk together.
Making Poffins
Poffins are a kind of Pokémon food made fromBerries. You can make Poffins at Hearthome City'sAmity Square or inside the Poffin House.
To make a Poffin, put up to four Berries into the pot and stir them up, taking care not to spill or scorch.You'll create different Poffins depending on which Berries you used and how well you stirred them.
You can raise a Pokémon's conditions, such as Coolness or Cuteness, by feeding it Poffins.Raising a Pokémon's conditions may give it a better shot at wowing the audience in Super Contest Shows!
Super Contest Shows
You can participate in a Super Contest Show at the Contest Hall in Hearthome City.Four Pokémon will compete—with the three evaluation criteria of Visual, Dancing, andMoves—to be named Star of the Show!
The Visual Evaluation is based on a Pokémon's style.You can earn a higher score by feeding your Pokémon Poffins to raise its conditions and by using Stickers to decorate its Ball Capsule.
The Dance Evaluation tests your sense of rhythm.Press the A Button to match the notes that flow across the screen in time with the music, and try to earn the best possible score: Brilliant!
The Dance Evaluation tests your sense of rhythm.Press the A Button to match the notes that flow across the screen in time with the music, and try to earn the best possible score: Shining!
The Move Evaluation  is based on your Contest Move. Choose one of your Pokémon's moves,noting their various effects. You can only score with this move once per contest show—when the moment feels right, that's when it's time to use it!
Super Contest Shows aren't just about competing with the other contestants. You'll want to work together to put on a successful show that really excites the crowd!If you really go above and beyond, the stage itself might have a stunning surprise in store...
Changing Clothes
Pay a visit to the Metronome Style Shop located inVeilstone City to buy clothes and change your outfit.Why don't you pick out a style all your own? Then you can change your look whenever the mood strikes you!
The Explorer Kit
The Explorer Kit contains tools you need to enter the Grand Underground. You can find it in theKey Items pocket of your Bag. Note that there are some places, such as inside buildings, where you can't use it.
The Grand Underground
The Grand Underground is a cavernous expanse lying just beneath the Sinnoh region's surface.The Underground is divided into several zones.Which zone you enter depends on your location when you use the Explorer Kit from the surface.
There are certain areas within the Grand Underground where Pokémon gather known asPokémon Hideaways.Different Pokémon appear based on a hideaway's size and terrain, so keep searching and exploring!
There are certain points in the Grand Underground's tunnels where you can try digging for Fossils.These spots will light up on your radar when you press the R Button.
In the Grand Underground, you can set up your very own Secret Base. Just face a wall and use the Digger Drill to build it instantly! Feel free to place statues in your Secret Base and decorate it however you like.
Digging for Fossils
While digging for Fossils, you can also find a variety of other items and treasures. But each time you dig, the cracks in the walls will grow larger and larger, until the wall eventually collapses. Dig carefully!
Use different tools to dig in the walls.The pickax only covers a narrow area,but the cracks it forms are smaller as a result. The hammer forms large cracks, but it can cover a broader area.
Some walls are harder than others. You can tell how hard a given wall is by the size and color of its stones.Take care—there are some parts of the walls that you cannot dig through any further.
Sometimes, you may dig a stone box out of the wall.These stone boxes contain statues, which you can place in your Secret Base to gain special effects!
Pokémon Hideaways
Pokémon Hideaways are subterranean areas where Pokémon feel comfortable gathering in the open.Pokémon in the Underground aren't hidden by tall grass. If you come into contact with a Pokémon in its hideaway, your battle will begin!
Pokémon Hideaways range from dusty caves to still-water caverns, attracting different Pokémon.These hideaways can be found in differing sizes,too. Naturally, larger Pokémon prefer bigger spaces.
Your Secret Base
You can place any statues you have acquired in your Secret Base.You can even place your statues on pedestals.
Placing a statue in your Secret Base seems to affect the number and kinds of Pokémon that appear within Pokémon Hideaways.Try displaying various different statues to learn what sorts of Pokémon they attract.
If you upgrade your Secret Base by increasing its size, you'll get more room to display statues.To get a bigger base, you'll need a variety ofspheres, which can be found while digging for Fossils.
If you go down to the Grand Underground while communications are activated, you might spot another player's Secret Base. Try looking inside!You can even use the menu in another player's Secret Base to activate the effect of its statuesfor your own journey!
Ramanas Park
Lying at the end of Route 221, Ramanas Park is visited by Trainers and Pokémon from all over.It is said that Ramanas Park's abundance of blooming roses attracts those with great strength,as it has since the Sinnoh region's bygone days.
Mysterious Shards that you dig up while in the Grand Underground can be traded for slates.You can then use these slates in various rooms at Ramanas Park.
Each room at Ramanas Park holds a pedestal.If you use the slate that matches a given pedestal,you may find yourself in a mysterious new space.In these spaces, you can encounterLegendary Pokémon!
The Union Room
In the Union Room, you can use local communication or the internet to trade Pokémon and battle with other Trainers. You can enter from a Pokémon Center or by pressing the Y Button.
Visit the Local Room to connect with other players nearby, or enter the Global Room to connect over the internet with players from all around the world!
The Global Wonder Station
At the Global Wonder Station (GWS) in Jubilife City, you can make Wonder Trades with players worldwide. You never know what Pokémon you might receive in a Wonder Trade until it arrives!
Pokémon you receive at the GWS are recorded on a globe called the Geonet. Make Wonder Tradesuntil you fill up your very own Pokémon distribution map!
The Great Marsh
At the Great Marsh in Pastoria City, you can play the Safari Game. To catch any Pokémon there,you'll have use a special item called the Safari Ball.
When you start the Safari Game, you'll be given30 Safari Balls. After you have taken 500 steps,or run out of Safari Balls, the Safari Game will officially end.
Before starting the Safari Game, use theObservatory Gate's second floor telescope.You may see which Pokémon are in theGreat Marsh and spot a Pokémon that you can't find anywhere else in the region!
Stickers & Capsule Decoration
Place Stickers on Ball Capsules to decorate your favorite Pokémon's Poké Balls. They'll burst open beautifully when your Pokémon jumps out!
From bursting heart shapes to showers of confetti,there are many different kinds of Stickersfeaturing all sorts of exciting effects.Just remember that the motion a Ball Capsulemakes when it opens depends on the exact position of any Stickers you placed.
Select Capsule Decoration from the menu to placeStickers on a Ball Capsule. You can use both 2D mode and 3D mode to apply your Stickers.When you're finished, you can assign a Ball Capsule to your favorite Pokémon for extra flair!
<var>/<var>
 Next
 Close
Useful information for your adventure will be added to this Guidebook. You can check it in your Bag's Key Items pocket!
Press the R Button to open your Pokétch,control it by using the touch screen,and hold down the R Button to close it!
Use hidden moves from the Hidden Moves Pokétch app to remove or bypass obstacles!
Ride your bike from your Bag's Key Items pocket.Press the B Button to speed up or improve control!
Use the Explorer Kit from your Bag's Key Items pocket to visit the Grand Underground!
In the Union Room, you can use local communication to trade Pokémon with players nearby. You can enter from a Pokémon Center.
You can interact with other players by visiting the Union Room inside any Pokémon Center!
Customize your personal globe by making Wonder Trades in the GWS!
