Dummy message































That's it, folks! All evaluations have been tallied and totaled! Which Pokémon will be crowned the Star of the Show? Let's announce the results!
Coolness Contest
Beauty Contest
Cuteness Contest
Cleverness Contest
Toughness Contest
Normal Rank
Great Rank
Ultra Rank
Master Rank
Practice
Link
Contest
Back
Communicating. Please stand by...
Welcome to the Contest Hall! I can help you with registering for a Super Contest Show.
Would you like to enter a Pokémon in a Super Contest Show?
What would you like to know about?
Welcome to the Contest Hall!This is the reception counter for linked Super Contest Shows.You and your friends may enter your Pokémon in the same Super Contest Show together.
I'd like to enter a show
Tell me more
No, thanks
We look forward to your participation another time!
Would you like to enter a Link Contest Show?
There are five Super Contest Shows in all:Coolness, Beauty, Cuteness, Cleverness,and Toughness.Be sure to choose the one that best suits the Pokémon you want to enter with.
There are four different ranks for Super Contest Shows. The four ranks are Normal, Great, Ultra,and Master.If you put on a successful show in a Normal Rank Coolness Contest, you'll get to participate in the Great Rank Coolness Contest, and so on.Likewise, putting on a successful Great Rank contest show will qualify you for Ultra Rank,and a successful Ultra Rank contest show will make you eligible for Master Rank contest shows.Reach for the top and try to participate in each Master Rank category: Coolness, Beauty,Cuteness, Cleverness, and Toughness!
Which Pokémon would you like to enter?
Please choose a Pokémon.
OK! Your Pokémon has been accepted for entry!Your entry number is <var>!
We look forward to your participation another time!
Enter
Tell me about contest shows
Quit
Which rank would you like to enter?
Which contest show would you like to enter?
Would you like to cancel your entry?
Yes
No
Normal Rank
Great Rank
Ultra Rank
Master Rank
Quit
Coolness Contest
Beauty Contest
Cuteness Contest
Cleverness Contest
Toughness Contest
Quit
Right this way, please! Good luck!
Hi! This is the registration counter for practice sessions.Here you can take Contest Show lessons!
Would you like to join a practice session?
I'd like to practice
Tell me more
No, thanks
We look forward to your next visit!
What would you like to know about?
Select
That Pokémon can't participate in this contest!
X
There are <var> Stars-of-the-Show pairs this time!
<var> and <var>!
Quit
Normal
Great
Ultra
Master
Which Pokémon would you like to enter?
Please choose a Pokémon.
OK, your Pokémon has been registered for a practice session.Its entry number is <var>. The practice will start right away.
Right this way, please. Good luck!
And now, for the <var><var>!
Entry number 1!<var> and <var>!
Entry number 2!<var> and <var>!
Entry number 3!<var> and <var>!
Entry number 4!<var> and <var>!
The audience suddenly grew more enthusiastic when <var> arrived!
The audience became excited when<var> arrived!
The audience grew a little more animated when<var> arrived.
<var> shows off with<var>!
What a successful Super Contest Show!You got some hall points!
Sorry! This Super Contest Show was a failure.
It's time to announce the Stars of the Show!
How would you like to participate?
Alone
With my group!
The Stars of the Show are...
Hi! This is the registration counter for practice sessions.Here you can take Super Contest Show lessons.Would you like to practice?
In a Super Contest Show, four performers work together, acting in front of a large audience and doing their best to put on a successful show!While performing, they'll be evaluated in three categories: Visual, Dance, and Moves.We offer lessons to anyone who wants to enter a Super Contest Show!
The Visual Evaluation will be based on the Pokémon's conditions and the spectacle of its customized Ball Capsule.There are five types of conditions: Coolness,Beauty, Cuteness, Cleverness, and Toughness.You can raise each of these by giving your Pokémon Poffins!Customize your Capsule Decoration by placing Stickers onto Ball Capsules. You can access them through the X menu or by using a PC.Different Stickers pair well with different contest shows, so try out a variety of them!
The Dance Evaluation is based on your rhythm skills!Push the button with the right timing as notes move along with the music.Scores for each note are divided into categories:Too Fast/Slow, Nice, Great, and Brilliant!The better your timing, the more your Heart Gauge will fill, and when it fills up completely,you'll get a ♥!A performance that earns a lot of ♥s is definitely a brilliant one! And that'll be sure to send your Dance Evaluation score sky high, too!Collecting ♥s will also raise the Hype Meter shared by all four performers, pumping up the audience into a frenzy!Put on successful shows to earn hall points,and you can gradually upgrade the stage into something truly magnificent!
The Dance Evaluation is based on your rhythm skills!Push the button with the right timing as notes move along with the music.Scores for each note are divided into categories:Too Fast/Slow, Nice, Great, and Shining!The better your timing, the more your Heart Gauge will fill, and when it fills up completely,you'll get a ♥!A performance that earns a lot of ♥s is definitely a shining one! And that'll be sure to send your Dance Evaluation score sky high, too!Collecting ♥s will also raise the Hype Meter shared by all four performers, pumping up the audience into a frenzy!Put on successful shows to earn hall points,and you can gradually upgrade the stage into something truly magnificent!
The Move Evaluation is based on a Pokémon's Contest Move, which the Pokémon can only use once during the performance!Contest Moves can have a variety of effects that will help with the Dance Evaluation.Choose the move you'd like in advance at the reception desk, then use your Contest Move when you feel like the moment is right!Based on the success of your move, you may receive ♥s from the audience!Also, if you coordinate with other performers and use Contest Moves in succession, you can create a Move Chain! Pull it off, and you'll get more♥s than if you'd just used a move on your own.If you create a Move Chain with moves that have the same condition, you'll get even more ♥s.The key to success is figuring out the perfect time to use your Contest Move!
Please choose a Pokémon to enter, as well as its Contest Move.
Would you like to cancel your practice session?
Please choose a Ball Capsule to use in the Contest Show.
Would you like to practice again?
Good luck!
I'm so sorry. Link Contest Shows aren't ready yet.



































And that's it for this practice session!
The Hall Rank is already maxed out.
The Hall Rank went up! The stage will be fancier starting with your next Super Contest Show!
Hooray! The Hall Rank has reached its max!
Contest Move
Visual
Dance
Move
Coolness Contest
Beauty Contest
Cuteness Contest
Cleverness Contest
Toughness Contest
Normal Rank
Great Rank
Ultra Rank
Master Rank
BRILLIANT!
SHINING!
GREAT!
NICE!
TOO FAST!/TOO SLOW!
<var> <var>
Time left: <var>:<var>
Super Contest Show basics
Types of Super Contest Shows
Super Contest Show ranks
What's a Super Contest Show?
Visual Evaluation
Dance Evaluation
Move Evaluation
Practice show basics
Brilliant Contest
Shining Contest
Eligible
Ineligible
Please select a Pokémon.
Please select a move.
Please select a Ball Capsule.
Please select a style.
Hall <var>
Internet
Local
Tell me about contest shows
Visual Evaluation
Dance Evaluation
Move Evaluation
With a Link Code
Would you like to change your style?
Change into Contest Style
Change into something else
Congratulations on becoming Stars of the Show!
Please accept <var> as your reward!
In a Super Contest Show, four performers work together, acting in front of a large audience and aiming to complete a successful show!Meanwhile, they'll be evaluated in three categories: Visual, Dance, and Moves.
There are four different ranks of Link Contest Shows: Normal, Great, Ultra, and Master.The difficulty level increases as you approach Master Rank.For Link Contest Shows, all ranks are playable right from the start!
Leader
Guest
How many players would you like to include?
<var> players
Random
At least one support performer will join.
Failed to find enough players.
Participate via local communication
Participate via internet
Would you like to switch back to local communication?
Switch back to local communication
You've switched back to local communication.
Searching...
Would you like to play again with the same rules?
Hm?It appears that you can't participate in Link Contest Shows.
Would you like to connect to the internet?
Connect to the internet
You are now connected to the internet.
Would you like to be the leader or participate as a guest?
Link Contest Show
Check effects
You can only communicate with people who are in the same group.
Brilliant Contest
What a successful Super Contest Show!The audience had a blast!
Hm?It appears you don't have any Pokémon with you that are able to enter that contest show.Please come back with a Pokémon wearing the Contest Star Ribbon.
Which would you like to participate in?
Allow me to explain the rules of the Super Contest Show!
The Super Contest Show begins with the Visual Evaluation.
This is an evaluation of your Pokémon's style condition,
and the spectacle of its customized Ball Capsule!
Next, the Dance Evaluation will begin.
Here, your Pokémon's rhythm will be evaluated!
Notes will flow across the screen from the right.
Press the A Button just as they overlap with the scoring area!
Notes stretched out into a line are called long notes.
Hold the A Button down for as long as the line stretches on.
If your timing is good as you hit the notes, your Heart Gauge will fill up.
Each time the gauge fills up completely, you'll receive one Hype Point (♥).
Just once during the Dance Evaluation,
you can press the X Button to use a Contest Move.
Contest Moves can give you Hype Points (♥),
and if you use yours consecutively with other performers,
you can pull off a Move Chain and receive even more Hype Points!
If the total of all four contestants' Hype Points(♥) reaches a certain quota,
the Super Contest Show will be a success!
Successful shows will earn you hall points,and as you collect more of those,
the Hall Rank will go up, and the stage will grow fancier!
That's all for the explanation. Would you like to try some practice?
Hm?It appears that you can't enter a contest show with that rank.Please come back after you've successfully completed a contest show at one rank below.
Shining Contest
<var> <var><var>'s <var>
Brilliant Contest
Shining Contest
Oh? It seems you haven't joined a group yet.Please join a group first.
If you set a Link Code, you can communicate only with people who set the same Link Code.
Please enter an 8-digit passcode.
Thanks for participating! Your Pokémon danced quite well! It's ready for a real Contest Show!Or, would you like to practice dancing again?
Are you confident in your contest show mastery?
Of course!
Maybe?
Not really
I'm sorry. Your connection seems to be unstable.
OK with these members!
 Cancel
... ... ...
Searching for members...
Members couldn't be found.
Would you like to search for members again?
Members have been found!
Would you like to decide which contest show to put on with these members?
Yes
No
Preparing for the contest show...
The contest show details have been decided!
Members have left. The group will be disbanded.
Be sure to select a style before you start!
You don't have four members. We'll find some other performers to help you out.
And now, let the Link Contest Show begin!
The show will start with the current members.
Would you like to quit the Link Contest Show?




Good luck!
Confirm
Please accept this <var> as your reward!
And you've become Star of the Show in every contest show!To commemorate your achievement, I'll present you with <var><var>!Congratulations!
