I once dreamed of becoming a Gym Leader...Though that dream never came true, I got to live with Pokémon all this time.It's been a blessed life.
Wow, you're really cool! You have seven Gym Badges!
Wow! You're awesomely cool! You have all eight Gym Badges!Now you have to challenge the Pokémon League!
Sunyshore City is situated on a narrow spit of land bordered by the sea and mountains.
To make up for the lack of space, the city built solar panels to provide power and use as roads.It's a place where nature, Pokémon, and people are as one!
Oh? Your <var>...
It worked stupendously hard, didn't it?As its reward, please give it this Effort Ribbon.
You received an Effort Ribbon.
You put the Effort Ribbon on <var>.
It needs to work a little harder.If it does, I'll give your Pokémon something nice.
Oh! That Effort Ribbon looks good on your <var>!
Sunyshore Market is best known for its big selection of Poké Ball Stickers.
Ah, please, allow me a little of your time, if you will. You won't regret it.
Oho... I see you've beaten the Elite Four.Then you can now have your Lv. 100 Pokémon undergo Hyper Training.
What's this? Seems you don't have any Bottle Caps or Gold Bottle Caps.
See the Sticker Merchant there?
He didn't have the Stickers I wanted today...Maybe tomorrow, I guess.
He came through with different Stickers today!Just what I wanted to see!
Oh, hello. You're quite the nifty Trainer.My husband is a sailor, and he's off working somewhere far away.I long for the day he comes back to me.
All that waiting every day gets to be very boring, though...I know! How about you visit me and I will tell you stories every so often?
Starting tomorrow, please visit and I will tell you some of my stories.
Today is Monday!It's time to get going on a brand-new week.
Is there a story that might help perk us up?Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Exeggutor, right?
Apparently, when Exeggutor absorb sunlight,it makes them grow. On Mondays, depending on whether it's rainy or sunny, we ourselves will have a totally different mood, right?I'd never Exegg-tly thought about that until just now! You get it, right? Ahaha!.........
Did that help you perk up?Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
You received the <var>.
You put the <var> on <var>.
Let's talk again tomorrow.
Hello!Oh, this is the <var> I gave a Ribbon to before.I've got lots of Ribbons, so you should bring other Pokémon to see me.
Today is Tuesday!The first date I went on with my husband was on Tuesday, too. I remember my heart thumping!
Hmm, heart-thumping stories...Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Drifloon, right?
You might be outside chatting, totally absorbed,until you realize it's right behind you and get a huge shock.That'll Drif-initely get your heart racing!You get it, right? Ahaha!.........
Did that startle you?Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
Looks like today's Wednesday!*sigh*My husband bought me a dress, but I put it in the wash by accident and it shrunk.Oh, how I weep for it still...
Misery does love company. Should we have a gloomy story?Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Cherubi, right?
I was talking to a Cherubi I know. I guess it was on the verge of evolving when, suddenly, a Starly plucked off Cherubi's nutrient-filled ball.Of course, the Cherubi was really down about the whole thing, so I tried to boost its spirits,crying, "Cher-up, you can do it!"You get it, right? Ahaha!.........
I hope that's not too gloomy for you.Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
It's Thursday already? I lost track of time!My favorite magazine comes out today.I'd better go buy it quick!
Do I know any stories about being absent-minded?Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Slowbro, right?
Slowbro is said to have evolved by carelessly getting its tail bitten by Shellder. I guess that Shellder can be a bit bro-blematic, eh?You get it, right? Ahaha!.........
Ahh, I'm so absent-minded!Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
Today is Friday!My meager store of anecdotes is about to run out!
Is there a story that would help me get my thoughts in order?Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Shinx, right?
I once encountered a Shinx and it lit up with this totally blinding light. I could practically feel it in my head! Honestly, it wasn't the most pleasant experience I've had...There are some Shinx I'd like to forget.You get it, right? Ahaha!.........
I bet your thoughts are in order now, right?Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
*yawn*Today's Saturday.I'm feeling lazy and sleepy.I wonder if I have a story that would help someone sleep well?Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Abra, right?
Abra are fine with sleeping up to 18 hours a day, Abra-rently....Oops! I said the pun too early! I guess I'm still half asleep myself!What a whoopsie. What a whopper of a whoopsie!
I'm not gonna sleep well if I keep going like this.Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
Oh, hello! You're on your adventure even though it's Sunday!
When I was younger, I remember that every day was like an adventure.It was always fun. I loved the people around me.I was happy...
I wonder if I have a story that'd make you smile...Ooh, I know! You know how there's a Pokémon called Chansey, right?
Chansey is said to share its healing eggs with injured people. Consider yourself lucky if you ever have the Chansey to meet a Pokémon like that!You get it, right? Hmm..........
Did I get you to crack a smile?.........I did, right?Here, you can give this to your Pokémon.
Have you gone to the Grand Underground lately? Depending on where you go down,you end up in different places.That's why I use my Explorer Kit in as many places as I can.
The spheres found in the Grand Underground are like gems.You can obtain goodies by trading spheres away.
Head to the Grand Underground and have fun down there. Make it an adventure!
The Underground Man in Eterna and Byron of Canalave are related.Add Byron's son Roark, and you have a trio of dedicated diggers.
I'd heard that Team Galactic was up to no good.But here in Sunyshore, we've never even seen any of them around.
A long time ago, there was a boy named Cyrus who lived here.He seemed to shun others, and he preferred the company of machines.He was a brilliant student, I recall. I often wonder what became of him.
That glaringly bright and cool thing you have!It's undoubtedly a Pokétch!They're awesome, yeah?
I got OK'd by the Pokétch Company to develop original Pokétch apps.
Hey, you're a Trainer, aren't you? Can you do me a favor?You've got Pokémon with different Natures,right? May I see them?
What am I in the mood to see now...?I'd like to see a Pokémon with a Serious Nature.
What am I in the mood to see now...?I'd like to see a Pokémon with a Naive Nature.
What am I in the mood to see now...?I'd like to see a Pokémon with a Quirky Nature.
Yep! Your <var> has a Serious Nature,all right!Thanks! I'll give you this Calendar app for your Pokétch.
Yep! Your <var> has a Naive Nature,all right!Thanks! I'll give you this Dot Artist app for your Pokétch.
Yep! Your <var> has a Quirky Nature,all right!Thanks! I'll give you this Spinner app for your Pokétch.
Someday, Pokétch apps may outnumber all the species of Pokémon.
......So, you're the latest challenger up against the Sunyshore Gym?
All right, I've decided!If I find you to be weak, I'm going to challenge the Pokémon League.
I'm all done with renovating the Gym, so I don't need to be here.More than anything, I want to have battles that can thrill me again.
As the toughest Gym Leader in Sinnoh, I'm going to unleash everything in my arsenal on you.
You took a look through the binoculars.
The Vista Lighthouse represents safety and protection to us sailors.
I love how far away you can see with the binoculars.I'm going to go that far away with my Pokémon one day!
Hey, there! How's it going, Champ-to-be?Let me check out your Trainer Case and see how many Badges you have...
One, two, three... Whoa!You've already got seven Gym Badges!That means if you can beat this Gym Leader,you'll be headed to the Pokémon League next.
That also means this is the last time I get to give you advice.This is it, kiddo! Listen carefully...one last time!
The Gym Leader here is a master of Electric-type Pokémon!That's all I have to say. The rest is up to you!
Oh! <var>! Did you beat the Gym Leader?Well, of course you did!But, you know what? You haven't made it in my mind yet!
Do you know why?Because you and your Pokémon are capable of achieving so much more!I am proud of you, kiddo! Eight Sinnoh Badges!Way to go!
Sunyshore City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Volkner
Sunyshore City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Volkner Certified Trainers: <var>
Sunyshore City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Volkner Certified Trainers: <var><var>
All right, challenger.It's not often a Trainer manages to make it all the way here to challenge me.And when they do, they've all been boring battles. I didn't break a sweat beating them.
*sigh*I'm Volkner, the Gym Leader.They say I'm the top Gym Leader in Sinnoh, but...
Anyway, I guess we'd better get this done.I hope you're the Trainer who'll make me remember how fun it is to battle!
...Hehehe.Hahahah!That was the most fun I've had in a battle since...I don't know when!
It's also made me excited to know you and your team will keep battling to greater heights!
This is your eighth Gym Badge.You've earned this!
You received the Beacon Badge from Volkner.
That Beacon Badge lets you use the hidden move Waterfall from your Pokétch.Waterfall happens to be key if you're going to the Pokémon League.
Also, because you've collected all eight Badges,any Pokémon at any level will now obey you without fail.I want you to take these, too.
Each <var> contains the move<var>.It may raise Sp. Atk if it lands. It's pretty hot.
Your next step is the Pokémon League challenge.It's time for you to cross the sea and win your way through the gauntlet that is Victory Road.
Demonstrate to the Pokémon League your mastery of your team.Against you, even the Elite Four will be pushed to fend off your challenge!
Yo! Fellow Trainer!There's no masking that aura of serious toughness around you and your Pokémon!
Oops, sorry, I should introduce myself.The name's Flint! I'm one of the Pokémon League's Elite Four!
I just had this idea. Maybe you can pull it off.
It's about this city's Gym Leader.He's really lost his enthusiasm lately because there've been so few good challengers worth his time.He's so bored that he spends all his time renovating the Gym.
And then the blackout happened... That sure didn't help lift his mood.You know where I'm going with this, don't you?I need you to give him a battle that's so hot, it will reignite his passion for battling.I'm counting on you, hotshot!
Yo! Hiya! He hasn't come back yet.When he does, you know what you've gotta do—give him a battle that's so hot it'll reignite his passion for battling!I'm counting on you, hotshot!
Yo! Hiya! He's finally come back!He seemed to be feeling upbeat, too.
I have a hunch that he recognized your toughness right away.I bet he's getting excited over the thought of battling you.
Remember what you have to do, hotshot.Give him a battle that's so hot, it will reignite his passion for battling!All right, hotshot! I'll be waiting at the Pokémon League!
Er...Um...M-my name is Jasmine, and I'm a Gym Leader.
Oh, I'm sorry, not the Gym Leader of this city...I'm a Gym Leader in the Johto region...
Er...Um...It would be nice if you knew about the Johto region...
Oh, if you don't have this city's Gym Badge,you'll be forced to turn back.
Oh, that's this city's Gym Badge. You must be very good.Er...Um...P-please take these, too.
Each of those Technical Machines...contains Waterfall.
If you use Waterfall from the Pokétch, you'll be able to get to the Pokémon League.Um... I-I don't know how I should say this, but good luck.
This city makes me feel at home somehow.It's next to the sea, and there's a lighthouse...
I came from very far away because I wanted to get stronger.On the way, I met all sorts of people with their Pokémon...
They all looked like they were having fun. I felt happy seeing it.
That giant rock... Isn't it actually a Pokémon?
The Gym Leader uses too much electricity!He needs to think about the city's power needs, too!
The city uses a lot of electricity, especially the lighthouse and the Gym.They finally decided to turn all the roads inside the city into giant solar panels.
Sunyshore is the Sunshine City, so the system works perfectly.
This is a major port town.It's also the gateway to the Pokémon League.
Whatever the environment, people and Pokémon adapt to live there.That's what we all do to survive.
Sunyshore City Solar Powered!
Sunyshore City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Volkner The Shining, Shocking Star
Vista Lighthouse The Beacon That Lights Sinnoh
Sunyshore Market A Selection of the World's Stickers
Julia's House Delightful Ribbons for Pokémon
It's a blank sign painted white.
Pokémon Rock Sunyshore's Heritage Site
I got OK'd by the Pokétch Company to develop original Pokétch apps.
Hey, you're a Trainer, aren't you? Can you do me a favor?You've got Pokémon with different Natures,right? May I see them?
I've heard some things about Victory Road,which leads to the Pokémon League. The word is the road is harsh and harrowing.I'd better load up on as many items as I can carry...
You can buy Stickers for decorating Poké Balls at the Sunyshore Market.Use those Stickers in a cool way, and your Pokémon will be really happy.
Let me size you up...You're going to become even tougher.You'll meet many, many Pokémon.
That's what you should be thinking.Eventually, your world will grow even larger!
...I'm Marley. And you are?...I see. <var>, will you help me, please?I want to get through this tunnel. Will you let me go with you?
You decided to escort Marley!
...Pokémon shouldn't be hurt. I'll heal them.
...You took so long. Please don't make me wait like that.I felt a little forlorn, all alone here...
...You're going back. That's too bad....Bye-bye.
...Oh! This is it. There's a stone tablet ahead....I wanted to see the Pokémon that visits it—that's all....I appreciate your escorting me....At least a little.
Pokémon League The Pinnacle of Trainerdom!
Pokémon League Ahead
Victory Road Ahead
Victory Road... It lives up to that lofty name.
It broke me once—but that only added to my resolve!
Hold it! Don't go off without me!You're challenging the Pokémon League,aren't you? That's why I'm here, too.
Let's see who's more worthy of making the challenge with a battle!
I guess I'm not ready for the Pokémon League if I'm losing to you! Darn it!Just you wait! I'll get tougher and win my way through the Pokémon League!
Because I'm going to become the toughest Pokémon Trainer there is—the Champion!<var>! You'd better not lose to anyone before me!
Let me confirm that you are qualified to challenge the Pokémon League.To do so, I'll need to examine the Gym Badges you gathered from around Sinnoh.
Oreburgh City's Coal Badge!Eterna City's Forest Badge!Veilstone City's Cobble Badge!Pastoria City's Fen Badge!
Hearthome City's Relic Badge!Canalave City's Mine Badge!Snowpoint City's Icicle Badge!And finally, Sunyshore City's Beacon Badge!
Very well!Trainer, you've indeed collected all the Gym Badges of Sinnoh! Demonstrate the power that brought you here, and go for glory!
Here at the Pokémon League, you will be facing the Elite Four.If you can't beat all four of them in a row,you'll have to start from the beginning.
Your Pokémon are so calm even though they're going up against the Elite Four.I like how they're so loose and relaxed.
Hello! Welcome to the Pokémon League!I'm Aaron of the Elite Four. It's good to meet you.
Oh, I should explain—I'm a huge fan of bug Pokémon.Bug Pokémon are nasty-mean, and yet they're beautiful, too...
Would you like to know why I take on challengers here, in this room?It's because I want to become perfect, just like my bug Pokémon!OK! Let me take you on!
I lost with the most beautiful and toughest of the bug Pokémon...We lost because I wasn't good enough.That's it! Back to training camp! Let's hear it for me!
No... That was wrong... Anyway! Go on to the next room!Three more Trainers are waiting for you.They're all tougher than me.
Go on—go to the next room.With my beautiful and tough bug Pokémon, I'm going to become a top-level Trainer who can't be outclassed!
Well, well.You're quite the adorable Trainer, but you've also got a spine.
Ahaha!I'm Bertha.I have a preference for Ground-type Pokémon.
Well, would you show this old lady how much you've learned?
You're quite something, youngster. I like how you and your Pokémon earned the win by working as one.That's what makes you so strong.
Ahahaha!I think that you can go as far as you want.
The Trainer in the next room is a much more formidable opponent.You really must have your wits about you.However, I think you can go as far as you desire.Ahahaha!
Yo, Trainer!You had me counting the days on my fingers waiting for you to come.
I heard from Volkner what you did in Sunyshore.You managed to light a fire in that guy's heart again.How could you not expect me to look forward to seeing you in battle?
.........Whew. Burnt right down to cinders...
.........Move along.
Ah, you timed your arrival well. I've just finished reading a book, you see.
Allow me to introduce myself.I am Lucian. I am a user of Psychic types.
I must say, you've already proven yourself to be outstanding by coming this far.They say I am the toughest of the Elite Four.I'm afraid I will have to go all out against you to live up to that reputation.
Congratulations. You've now beaten the Elite Four.However, that doesn't mean you're done with the Pokémon League.
There remains the Champion.I should warn you—the Champion is far stronger than the Elite Four.
Now, go on. Step through the doorway to your final battle.
I'll be reading books until the next challenger arrives. That will calm my nerves so that I may deal with all situations without panicking.
Have you been keeping well? Thank you for Mount Coronet. I'm truly grateful.
Together, you and your Pokémon overcame all the challenges you faced, however difficult.It means that you've triumphed over any personal weaknesses, too.
The power you learned... I can feel it emanating from you.But that's enough talk. Let's get on with why you're here.
As the Pokémon League Champion, I accept your challenge!
That was excellent. Truly, an outstanding battle.
You gave the support your Pokémon needed to maximize their power, and you guided them with certainty to secure victory.
You have both passion and calculating coolness.Together, you and your Pokémon can overcome any challenge that may come your way.
Those are the impressions I got from our battle.I'm glad I got to take part in the crowning of Sinnoh's new Champion!
Now then! Step onto the lift.
One look at you tells me many things about you.Together, you and your Pokémon overcame all the challenges you faced, however difficult.
It means that you've triumphed over any personal weaknesses, too.The power you learned... I can feel it emanating from you.
That's enough talking. Let's get on with why you're here.I, Cynthia, accept your challenge as the Pokémon League Champion!There won't be any letup from me!
The room ahead is the Hall of Fame.
<var>! Your last battle was splendid!
Oh, hello, Professor Rowan.
Hm! A child I enlisted for my Pokédex project has come this far...It's only natural that I come and witness their crowning achievement.
<var>! I shouldn't call you a child anymore. You've grown into a real Champion!
Professor, you still enjoy the enthusiasm kids bring to your research, don't you?
Step this way please, <var>.
Step this way please, <var>.
Professor Rowan, I need you over here as well.
It's been a long while since I last entered this room...
No matter how many times I come here, I always find myself standing up straighter than usual.
If the last time you were here was when I became Champion, then yes, that would be quite a long time ago.
It's a natural reaction, Professor. This room is a legacy to the hopes, dreams, and struggles of Pokémon and their Trainers to excel.
<var>, welcome to the Hall of Fame.
<var>, welcome to the Hall of Fame.
Your names will be recorded for posterity here.What you are leaving are the memories of your adventure so far.
It's time to record your names.You and your Pokémon.Remember, your Pokémon are partners that grew with you through many challenging battles.This machine will make a permanent record of your achievement.
Ah, <var>! It's good to see you!Without any further ado, I'd like you to examine this stone tablet.
Something just like it was also discovered in the Kanto region.I want to ask for your help in solving the mystery behind it.
Ah, <var>! It's good to see you!Without any further ado, I'd like you to examine this stone tablet.
Something just like it was also discovered in the Kanto region.I want to ask for your help in solving the mystery behind it.
I tried deciphering the stone tablet's engravings.The tablet appears to record the thoughts of Trainers who have grown through adventure.That description would certainly apply to you.
That's why I'm asking for your help. You've met many people and Pokémon, and those numerous experiences have shaped you into who you are.
I want you to sincerely consider who affected you the most along your journey.Tell me, to whom do you want to express your thanks?
Hm... You most want to express your thanks to <var>?You're absolutely certain of it?
Oh! What was that Pokémon? Is it somehow connected to the stone tablet?
Hmm... Where did that Pokémon go?Its destination is certainly intriguing...
What's wrong? You're not suggesting there's no one who made an impact, are you?Tell me, to whom do you want to express your thanks?
Oh! What was that Pokémon? Is it somehow connected to the stone tablet?Hmm... Where did that Pokémon go?Its destination is certainly intriguing...
The unmarked surface is polished like a mirror.
I-I don't like to talk...I choose my words carefully, but they may still hurt someone by accident...When I think of that happening, I clam up...That's why I think this certain Pokémon is so wonderful. It's a Pokémon that conveys feelings of gratitude in a nice way...
That stone tablet... It has a strange feel to it...
Thank you...That must have been the Pokémon that conveys feelings of gratitude...You made it so I could see it...So, I'll have to convey thanks in my own words, too...
To you, too...Thank you...
Kyuu uuhn.
Shaymin disappeared among the flowers...
Route 225 Fight Area
Route 225 Survival Area
Are you traveling as a form of training?Here, have this refreshing drink.
Water is the wellspring of life. Having said that,no one knows where Pokémon life originated.
Oh—hey, <var>! What took you so long? I'm fining you 100 million!
Listen up. I'm going to become the greatest Trainer ever. That's why I'm here—to toughen up myself and my Pokémon!
Hehehe! Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing that.But the greatest Trainer ever? That's going to be really tough—because you're talking about me!
To prove it, I'm going to the volcano right now.You look puzzled. You really don't know anything, do you?
All right, I'll tell you. This is the Battle Zone,OK? At its far end is a volcano. And deep inside that volcano, there's supposed to be a treasure.
So? What's the big deal? If I find the treasure first, that'll make me the greatest Trainer ever?
Then that's what I'll do, <var>—and you too, stranger! That treasure is mine!But before that, I'm going to the Battle Tower.See ya!
That guy just can't stay put, can he? Anyways...
Howdy, I'm Buck. And if that punk thinks he can beat me, he's got another thing coming.So, do you know that zippity-dippity Trainer?
You should chase after the guy and tell him not to underestimate the volcano.
Oh, but you know what? You'd better shape up at the Battle Tower first. I don't like your chances of getting to the volcano otherwise.Be seeing you!
Howdy, Trainer! You have a Pokédex, do you?I bet the person who gave you that Pokédex is waiting for you to fill it completely.
Howdy, Trainer! You have a Pokédex, do you?Here's my advice: go out and challenge other Trainers! They'll often have different Pokémon,so your Pokédex should fill up in no time flat!
The way the Battle Tower looms, it really is a wall that stands before every Trainer.
I have battled many Trainers over the years,and I've gained some confidence in my skills.But the world is still a huge place. In life,there's no such thing as an easy win!
Volcanic activity has caused the land around here to become craggy.It's hard enough to hike over such rough terrain even without all the ups and downs.
The Pokémon League's Elite Four come here sometimes!
Your Pokémon are from Sinnoh, aren't they?We're used to seeing some of those kinds around here.
There are no pit stops on the road to toughness!I just made that up, but it sounds pretty cool,don't you think?
What's up? Do you want to sail to Snowpoint City?
Aye, right! It's anchors aweigh, then!
Oh, right. I'm sure you'd rather just fly around like you're in some big hurry.
Whenever I travel somewhere new, I get excited over what I might discover.But the places I've visited before? Even those can thrill me with new discoveries!
Uh-huh! Nothing's as superduper as a Super Rod!Wouldn't you agree?
Uh-huh! Superduper minds think alike. Take this<var>, uh-huh!
Try your luck at fishing wherever there's water.
Don't you like to fish?
What's that? You want advice for fishing? Well,I'll tell you—it's all about the rod and technique!
Fight Area Battles Galore
Battle Park Ahead Where Trainers Train
Route 225 Ahead A Road of Challenges
Hey, <var>!You're not the only one who's getting tougher,you know. I'll prove it to you here and now!Get ready to battle!
Dang, <var>!Oh well, that's OK. The more you toughen up,the tougher my team and I get, too.
There's no end to Pokémon training. That's what I'm saying, <var>.
What items should Pokémon hold? It's a question every Trainer has to answer.Here's something else to think about.
Now, which Pokémon will hold that Scope Lens?Have I given you more questions than answers?
An item that guarantees victory in every battle...There are some things BP can't buy.
The Battle Tower's as tough as they say...It's no cakewalk, that's for sure.
The best Trainers gather here—not just from this region but from all around the world.
To strengthen myself! To strengthen my Pokémon!For that alone, I have come!
Battle Room Results
Master Class Battle Room Results
Single Battle Record
Current Rank
Double Battle Record
Previous
Current
Record
Rank
Win Streak: <var>
<var>
Single Battles
Double Battles
Average Win Streak
Pokémon Defeated
Pokémon Caught
Pokémon Eggs
Pokémon Caught While Fishing
Contest Wins
Contest Win %
Ribbons
Close
<var>. <var>
<var> wins
<var> wins
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>%
<var>
Which record would you like to view?
The Battle Tower's win streak record for Single Battles.
The Battle Tower's win streak record for Double Battles.
The Battle Tower's average win streak record.
The number of Pokémon defeated.
The number of Pokémon caught using Poké Balls.
The number of Pokémon that were hatched from Eggs.
The number of Pokémon that were caught fishing.
The number of Super Contest Show wins.
The winning percentage in Contests.
The number of Ribbons won in Super Contest Shows.
Delete Record
Select the record you want to delete, then press the A Button.
Delete this record?
Your own record can't be deleted.
Welcome to the Battle Park!It's your first time, isn't it? Please step this way.
Since this is your first visit, you need to be given a Point Card.Point Cards are used only in the Battle Park.Here you go.
If you need information on the Point Card,please ask the receptionist next to me.
I'm the one to ask if you need any information on the facilities here in the Battle Park.
For information on the battle rules used at the Battle Park, please ask the receptionist across from me.
Welcome to the Battle Park!If you need any information on the facilities, I'm the one to ask.
What would you like me to explain?
The Battle Park is a place where Trainers may enjoy battles.There are two facilities in the Battle Park: the Exchange Service Corner and the Battle Tower.
The Exchange Service Corner is the building that looks like a castle.
There, you may exchange the Battle Points (BP)you've earned for items.
Fabulous prizes are offered, so please do visit the Exchange Service Corner when you save up BP.
The Battle Tower is the building at the back of the Battle Park.
The Single Battle Rooms are for conducting one-on-one battles.The Double Battle Rooms are for two-on-two battles.
Welcome to the Battle Park!I can explain how the Point Card and the Battle Points (BP) work.
What would you like me to explain?
Every Trainer visiting the Battle Park is provided with a Point Card that confirms their challenger status.
The Point Card stores Battle Points (BP) that you earn from battling in the Battle Tower.
BP, short for Battle Points, are used only in the Battle Park.
You will earn BP by hitting certain performance targets battling at the Battle Tower.The BP can be traded for prizes at the Exchange Service Corner.
Welcome to the Battle Park!I can give you a rundown of the battle rules that are used at the Battle Tower.
What would you like me to explain?
In Pokémon battles at the Battle Tower,Pokémon that are Lv. 51 or higher will be set to Lv. 50 for the battles.
But be careful! Pokémon that are lower than Lv. 50 will be left as is.
Excluding Eggs and certain exotic Pokémon,virtually every species of Pokémon may enter the Battle Tower.
Please be aware that the number of Pokémon you may enter will depend on the course you try.
You are also permitted to take only one of each kind of Pokémon into the Battle Tower.
No two Pokémon in your party may hold the same kind of item in the Battle Tower.
Please be sure that the Pokémon you bring to the Battle Tower are all holding different items.
Good luck!
Welcome to the Battle Park!
No, thanks
Battle Park
Exchange Service Corner
Battle Tower
Point Card
BP
Pokémon levels
Species and numbers of Pokémon
Held items
The Battle Tower's up ahead.I wonder what kind of Trainers are waiting there.
The Survival Area's past here. Stark Mountain is this way, too.
I should catch me some wicked Pokémon for the Battle Tower.
Even from here, we could see the peak of Mount Coronet.Most people didn't notice what happened up there, but I did.But I don't know what took place exactly, or anything like that.
Everyone's fanatical about battling.
The Battle Zone used to attract only the hardiest of Trainers.They were considered eccentric for gathering at a place like this.It's hard to believe how much it's changed since then.Places like the Fight Area and the Survival Area just seemed to spring up overnight.
He was one of those early eccentrics who were around during the first days of the Battle Zone.Well, I was, too.
Chiic chic!
Route 230 Fight Area
Hold it right there, Trainer!Since you're here, you've got to visit the Battle Tower.
You don't earn Exp. Points, and your Pokédex isn't updated there.It's a place solely for Trainers to hone their own skills.
Hold it right there, Trainer!Have you been to the Battle Tower?It's a good place to learn useful battle techniques.You get to see all sorts of Pokémon and their moves, also!
Were you looking for me? Did you miss me?I wish I had a new nugget of wisdom to share with you, but alas, I don't!So, I'll have to make it up to you with this!
That's my Nugget! Try to spend it wisely!A Nugget of gold has to be worth more than a nugget of my wisdom!
Route 229 Resort Area
*thud*
What the...
Whoops, sorry about that! I was in a rush.
Oh, wait a second. Aren't you...You're <var>—from Twinleaf!Wow, that brings back memories!
So, if you're here, he can't be far behind.This should be fun. See you!
*thud*
What the...Oh, hey, <var>! You came to the Battle Tower too, huh?I decided to see how I measure up before going to Stark Mountain.
But that guy you were just talking to...Nah, it's all right! I got here on my own power.It won't take long before I see him.
See ya, <var>!I'm going to toughen up here!
What the...Oh, hey, <var>! You came to the Battle Tower too, huh?I decided I'll see how I measure up in my quest to be the greatest!
But that guy you were just talking to...Nah, it's all right! I got here on my own power.It won't take long before I see him.
See ya, <var>!I'm going to toughen up here!
Exchange Service Corner A Cornucopia of Fabulous Prizes!
Battle Tower Gather, All Ye Greatest!
In the Battle Rooms, the seventh Trainer you face is the room's boss.You'll need to stay focused if you want to win!
If you get a big win streak at the Battle Tower,you'll get to battle some real superstars.
Mwahahaha! We earned a lot of BP at the Battle Tower.Now I can exchange them for loads of prizes!
Aah.
I'm a kid-toting Trainer!I want to show my beloved son something cool,so I'm having a go at Master Class.
I heard that the world's best gather here for battles.This is my chance to get global fame and recognition!
The types of Pokémon! The moves to be taught and used! The items to be held!To become number one here, there is no detail that can be overlooked!
It would be cool to team up with a Beauty for Double Battles.
Welcome to the Exchange Service Corner!We can exchange your BP for fabulous items.
Which prize would you like in exchange for your BP?
<var>? That'll be <var> BP for <var>, OK?
Here is your prize!
I'm so sorry, you don't have enough BP.
Sorry, your Bag has no room for this <var>...
Thank you for visiting.Please visit us again any time!
<var> <var>? That'll be<var> BP for <var>, OK?
What to get today... Perhaps a Technical Machine will do.
What I most care about is the crushing power of my darling Pokémon.Are there any prizes that would help them get more power?
How's it going?If things aren't going well, why not grab some prizes here?It might toughen up your Pokémon just enough to do better.
Gramma, Gramma! I went and traded!You can have this, Gramma!
Oh, what is it, dear? Oh, a Sludge Bomb...Why, thank you so much, dear.You're such a cute, tough, and kind girl...I feel blessed to have a grandchild like you...
Did you see that little girl with her grandmother upstairs?That girl is a little terror in battle. You never can judge people!
This building is so grand. Why does it need to be so?
Welcome to the Battle Tower!I am your guide to the Single and Double Battle Rooms.
Would you like to take the Battle Room challenge?
I look forward to serving you again.
The Battle Tower's Single Battle Rooms are facilities for conducting Single Battles with three Pokémon.Similarly, the Double Battle Rooms are facilities for conducting Double Battles with four Pokémon.
There are many Battle Rooms in the Battle Tower for team battles.
In each of the Battle Rooms, seven Trainers await your challenge.If you manage to defeat all seven, you will earn Battle Points, or BP for short.
Until you defeat <var> Trainers in a row, you can take a break during the challenge to step out of the Battle Room and reselect your Pokémon.After defeating <var> Trainers, you can still take a break, but you'll have to resume your challenge with the same Pokémon in the Battle Room.Either way, please note that if you don't save,you will be disqualified from your challenge.
Would you like to enter the Single Battle Room or the Double Battle Room?
Just a moment!You don't have three eligible Pokémon.
Make sure the three participating Pokémon are different, and that none of them have the same held item.
Eggs, <var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, and <var> are not allowed to enter.
Please come back once you've made your preparations.
Just a moment!You don't have four eligible Pokémon.
Make sure the four participating Pokémon are different, and that none of them have the same held item.
Eggs, <var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,and <var> are not allowed to enter.
Please come back once you've made your preparations.
Before proceeding, your progress will be saved.Are you OK with that?
Please select the Pokémon you wish to enter.
Your Pokémon must all be different.
Held items must all be different.
I will now show you to the Battle Room.
Congratulations! You've beaten all seven Trainers!
Congratulations! You've beaten the Tower Tycoon!
We present you with these Battle Points in recognition of your talent!You received <var> BP!
Saving...Don't turn off the power.
I look forward to serving you again.
We've been waiting for you!Before entering a Battle Room, your progress will be saved.
OK. I'll direct you to your Battle Room now.
Right this way!
Excuse me!You didn't save before you quit your challenge last time.Because of that, you have been disqualified from your challenge!
Thank you for playing!
Congratulations! You've beaten all seven Trainers!
You have also been promoted to Rank <var>!
Saving...Don't turn off the power.
For your seven-win streak, we present you with these Battle Points!You obtained <var> BP.
I look forward to serving you again.
It's very unfortunate, but you have been demoted to Rank <var>.
I look forward to serving you again.
Congratulations on achieving Rank <var>.Your winning Pokémon team has earned special Ribbons for this feat!
Congratulations on achieving <var> consecutive wins!You've been given a special award for this feat!
You obtained <var>!
Congratulations on achieving your 50-win streak.Your winning Pokémon team has earned special Ribbons for this feat!
They profile you on TV if you set a good record here.This is my only chance to regain my glory as an Idol!
I trained my little guy till we couldn't take any more.He's going to do a hundred-win streak for sure.Right, Pikachu?
...
Ooh-la-la! You look tremendously powerful!Verily, I shall look forward to engaging you in a battle.
There are so many tough Trainers around...It's scary, but let's do our best, Pikachu!
Pichuu! Pichuu!
Congratulations on achieving a 50-win streak!The Pokémon on your team will be provided with commemorative Ribbons.
Congratulations on advancing to Rank <var>!The Pokémon on your team will be provided with commemorative Ribbons.
Congratulations on defeating the Tower Tycoon!The Pokémon on your team will be provided with commemorative Ribbons.
Congratulations on achieving a <var>-win streak!Please accept this reward for your fantastic achievement!
Uh-oh. You've run out of room to hold things.Please make room and come back for your prize.
Your Pokémon will be restored to full health.
You will be facing opponent number <var>.Are you ready?
Would you like to put your challenge on hold?
Would you like to cancel your Battle Room challenge?
Saving...Don't turn off the power.
Your Pokémon will be restored to full health.
You will be facing opponent number <var>.Are you ready?
Would you like to put your challenge on hold?
Would you like to cancel your Battle Room challenge?
Congratulations on your winning streak, challenger!
The Tower Tycoon has sent word that he is impressed with you.He recognizes your skill, and he'd like to challenge you to a battle!
Are you ready to battle the Tower Tycoon?
Hi! My name's Palmer.I remember you from when you were in Twinleaf, <var>.You were always playing with my son<var>, right?
You've grown up since then—and most impressively, too!So, I'd like you to show me.Show me the bond you've built with your Pokémon.
Show me the skill you've acquired as a Trainer!
So, you've come this far!As the Tower Tycoon, I'll have to give you my best effort.
That's how the best Trainers show respect to each other.By battling all out as dedicated students of Pokémon!
Bravo!One day, I imagine my son will come challenge me, just as you have.That's something I look forward to a great deal.
You will become even more skilled, the very same way your father did.Keep battling Trainers from around the world and keep growing greater in stature!
Bravo! I feel inspired in my heart!It brings back a memory of that day long ago...
I went out to the lake with your father that day.We were attacked by a wild Pokémon.
We fended it off, but I don't recall how. It was that desperate.That was my first step as a Trainer. I wonder if the professor is doing well?...That's enough reminiscing.
My young friend, the world and your future hold infinite promise.
Go on—you can be all that you desire!There is no limit to where you can go!
I've traveled a long way to make my beloved Pokémon even more beautiful.That will make it love me even more.
Nothing is too good for my Pokémon. There's no mountain too high to climb.That's how I look at it.
I'm kind of stuck. They tell me there's no shop here!How am I supposed to get ready for the road?
You know how you can dig up cool stuff in the Grand Underground?People are saying they're digging up new,different stuff.
I spend a lot of time in the pool. Will I melt into the water the way Vaporeon can?
Resort Area Relax and Play!
The Ribbon Syndicate Members Only
Pokémon appear where there's still lots of nature left.And Trainers gather where Pokémon appear.And where Trainers gather, that's where Pokémon Centers appear.
An Idol goes anywhere to sing for their adoring fans.A Trainer goes anywhere—as long as it's with their Pokémon.
*sniff*I do apologize.This is an exclusive establishment, open only to a select few.You might consider it a special stage for the cream of the crop.
If you wish to enter, I suggest you start by collecting lots of Ribbons.
*sniff*I do apologize.This is an exclusive establishment, open only to a select few.You might consider it a special stage for the cream of the crop.
If you wish to enter, I suggest you start by collecting lots of Ribbons.
Wait! Oh my gosh! Look at all your Ribbons!I truly apologize for my rudeness. It's so out of character for me!
If you would be so kind, we would be honored to invite you...Oh, no, no! You really must join us as a full-fledged member!
You were made a member without any say in the decision!
Welcome! We've looked forward to seeing you, <var>.I do hope you enjoy the luxurious atmosphere and services that only we can provide.
Welcome.May I interest you in top-grade Ribbons we had specially imported?These Ribbons are available only through us.
<var>, would you like one for a Pokémon, perhaps?Right now, I can offer you the Gorgeous Ribbon.For a mere 10,000, you can be the proud owner of one.
Welcome.May I interest you in top-grade Ribbons we had specially imported?These Ribbons are available only through us.
<var>, would you like one for a Pokémon, perhaps?Right now, I can offer you the Royal Ribbon.For a mere 100,000, you can be the proud owner of one.
Welcome.May I interest you in top-grade Ribbons we had specially imported?These Ribbons are available only through us.
<var>, would you like one for a Pokémon, perhaps?Right now, I can offer you the Gorgeous Royal Ribbon.For a mere 999,999, you can be the proud owner of one.
Welcome.Ooh! That's a Gorgeous Royal Ribbon!<var>, your <var> certainly looks gorgeous and royal!
You bought a Gorgeous Ribbon.
You put the Gorgeous Ribbon on <var>.
You bought a Royal Ribbon.
You put the Royal Ribbon on <var>.
You bought a Gorgeous Royal Ribbon.
You put the Gorgeous Royal Ribbon on <var>.
Oh, please, <var>.You shouldn't joke about not having money.
I see. Please do visit again.
Just being in here is a sign of status, just so you know.
I wish people would pay more attention to the way they dress themselves.
A person worthy of being seen with Pokémon...That's what I hope to be.
Skiii!
Gyaugyau!
How may we serve you today? Perhaps a relaxing spa treatment?Our spa treatment will help your<var> grow more friendly.Would you care to book a spa session with us, <var>?
We hope to see you again.
Ah, yes. Right this way, please...
We're ready to begin. Please, relax all your muscles.
This oil contains dissolved diamonds for enhanced effectiveness.
This foam contains an extract taken from pearls.
The body's toxins are forced out with a massage technique from overseas.
The salon's air is perfumed by an herbal aroma for relaxation.
There, all done. I hope you enjoyed it.
Oh, I do apologize. We can only provide one spa session a day to our members.
We keep all our spa sessions private. That way,our clients and their Pokémon can fully relax.
Our service is very exclusive. We only accept five members a day.
We've developed a reputation for bringing our members and their Pokémon closer together.
Hello. Thank you for visiting us today. To which floor may I take you?
Certainly. Elevator going up.
Certainly. Elevator going down.
Sorry, we are already on that floor.
Here we are!
The weather and the terrain here are much more extreme than what you'll find in Sinnoh.I imagine there would be a large variety of Pokémon here.
It's not only Sinnoh's best that gather at the Battle Tower. We're talking about the greatest Trainers in the world.It must be cool to get your own Pokémon and battle against people like you from far and wide!
Wow, you've seen all the Pokémon in Sinnoh?!That's awesome! I'm gonna travel with Pokémon when I get big like you!
Wow, you've seen all the Pokémon in Sinnoh?!That's awesome! I'm gonna travel with Pokémon when I get big like you!
All I need to be happy is my TV. What more could I want?I learn so much just sitting here. I'm absorbing knowledge!
For instance, I learned all about a Pokétch app called the Marking Map.They say the Marking Map can track Pokémon that travel around from place to place.I've never met any traveling Pokémon myself,but I've heard about them.
Yo, if it isn't <var>! Don't tell me you're going to Stark Mountain, too?
You're pretty wimpy... Are you sure you're going to be OK?Heh, why am I asking you that? It's not like I care.
Anyways, if we run into each other on Stark Mountain, then the race is on to see who gets the Magma Stone first!
Hey, traveling Trainer. Is your Bag full of items?Or is it full of dreams?
Trainers who lose at the Battle Tower come here to hone their skills.
I've been exploring a long time, but I know when I'm beaten.It takes a better Trainer than me to explore the volcano thoroughly!
I'm a cameraman, obviously.
Have you ever seen the TV program called"Search for the Red Gyarados: The Mysterious Appearance of the Furious Pokémon in a Lake"?You know, that outstanding documentary?Yeah, I filmed that!
Oh man! Oh jeez! Oh, this is bad!But I'm a cameraman, obviously! I have to stand firm and get this on film for the world to see!
I'm a cameraman, obviously."The Eruption of Stark Mountain? The Mystery of the Fiery Pokémon Asleep Deep in the Volcano!"
I've had that documentary all mapped out in my head for a long time...But I have nothing on film as of yet. So much for that show.Oh well. The world's a huge place. There are plenty of other mysteries to catch on camera!
Survival Area Staging Point
A word of advice from a grizzled mountain man!Buy up as many items as you can hold in your Bag. I'm not joking.
I was on a 54-win streak... If only I used that move while I still had the chance...
I wasn't experienced enough for the Battle Tower.Training on Stark Mountain might be the only sensible choice—for some reason, all the best Trainers in Sinnoh seem to gather there.
The universe was made by something born from an Egg...A man I met long ago told me that.
Let me tell you about Stark Mountain.That volcano dates back to when Sinnoh was made by the melding of time and space.
Fiery lava spilled out and pooled, which then turned into a Pokémon.It's said that the Magma Stone was used to keep the Pokémon under control.According to legend, the Pokémon transformed over time into the heart of the volcano itself.
You say the Magma Stone was found? Does that mean the legend was true?If so, the Pokémon of the volcano may awaken and cause an eruption!
Heatran... So there really was such a Pokémon?Did it come to be when Sinnoh was created?
Gotcha, Gramps! I'll put the Magma Stone back.
That Magma Stone was keeping the Pokémon of the volcano under control.It's all right, though. I can go put it back myself.
Whoa, I can't believe the Magma Stone put that Pokémon to sleep!Even so, heheh, I have to admit you're good!
As for me... Next up, I'm off to the Battle Tower in my quest to be the toughest!Be sure to let your zippity buddy know I'll battle him there!
There's a move that doubles in power if the Pokémon using it is poisoned, paralyzed,or burned.I've got Technical Machines for it right here.You want them?
Facade's a good move for your Pokémon to have.It makes it tough for the opponent to use status-affecting moves.
You took the trouble of coming here? I'm sorry,but there's nothing!It's a sad day for me not to be able to share in your joy!
Route 226 Survival Area
Route 227 Route 228
Hey, konnichiwa! Glad to meet you—guten Tag!I'm the Meister.In this language's parlance, I would be called a craftsman. Something like that, n'est-ce pas?Comprendo?
So... *sniff sniff*I smell you! I smell something about you!There is no question! You are a lover of Pokémon, just like me!
This is wunderbar! So, here is what I will do:I will power up your Pokédex so you can read the descriptions of Pokémon in other languages!
Je suis désolé, but it won't work for all Pokémon,however. Only the Pokémon of regions that I, the Meister, have visited.Now, may I see your Pokédex? So, I change this setting here...fool with this here...and done!
Now you may read descriptions of the Meister's Pokémon favorites in other languages. How über!
Hey, konnichiwa! Bonjour and all the rest!Have you a Pokémon named Finneon? C'est un Wing Fish Pokémon?If you would be so kind, trade it will you for my precious Magikarp?
Danke schön, domo arigato, muchas gracias,and what have you!That Magikarp, it accompanied me from the land of my birth. Be good to it, I beseech you!
Oh non non, that is no Finneon! What I want is a Finneon. You have made the Meister melancholy!
Oh! This is a tragedy—a tragedy, I tell you! But one day, you will trade me the Pokémon I want.The Meister knows this because I have traveled the world!
Because there are Pokémon all over the world,the Meister can make friends anywhere.It so inspires me knowing that. It's merveilleux in a marvelously maravilloso way!
It's a poster that lists the names of Pokémon.The world-traveling Meister's favorite Pokémon:
Ekans, Pikachu, Psyduck,Ponyta, Staryu, Magikarp,Wobbuffet, Heracross, Sneasel,Teddiursa, Houndour, Wingull,Slakoth, and Roselia
Stark Mountain Eruption Zone!
Darn it! What was that all about?Oh, hey, <var>. That Buck guy wiped the floor with us!
Oh man... There are always tough Trainers around everywhere.But you know what? Losing means I have room to become even tougher.
That's why there's the Battle Tower in the Battle Zone.
Darn it! I'm still choked up from losing.But you know what? Losing means I have room to become even tougher.That's why there's the Battle Tower in the Battle Zone.
Hey, <var>! Are you still raising your Pokémon?Me? You need to ask? Of course I am—they're my partners!
I'm going to rule at the Battle Tower with them.I'll prove how strong we've become and totally shock the guy there.
Hey! <var>, right? Your buddy challenged me to a battle earlier.Yeah, I owned the little dude. Made sure he was taught a lesson.
But I don't know if I could beat him again next time. Seriously, you're bound to run into skilled Trainers wherever you go!
Anyway, I found out about this place, but the Pokémon here are tough...What do you say we team up and go together?
You decided to go with Buck!
You won't regret teaming up! I'll keep your Pokémon healthy!
So, yeah, the Pokémon here are tough... What do you say we team up and go together?
Whoa, wait up! I can't go on by myself if you leave me now.Well, if you gotta go, you gotta go. I'll stick around here for you.
There we go! There's the exit!My instincts tell me that the volcano's treasure is just ahead of us.You might be the toughest there is—besides me!See you around, <var>!
Hey, if we run into a Pokémon, I'm gonna catch it somehow—because I'm gonna be a Pokémon Trainer.You know what a Trainer does, right? How they have Pokémon battles and all that?
Pokémon all have different moves, huh?Trainers help their Pokémon in battle by telling them which moves to use. It's so awesomely cool.
I want a Pokémon of my own, and soon. That way I'd be able to go anywhere I want with it.
That lake has an elusive Pokémon living in it.Everyone says nothing lives there, but I know I'm right.
I'm gonna become a Pokémon Trainer for sure.Not just any Trainer, either—I'm going to be the greatest ever. That's my dream.
Hey, that's enough talking already. I'm itching to get going to the lake. Come on, come on!
All right, let's move out! Hustle up!
We didn't have any choice in using those people's Pokémon, right?But these Pokémon belong to them.They'll want them back, won't they?But this is the first Pokémon I've ever battled with.
I wish I could grow tougher with this little guy...
I don't feel like talking... Let's go.Are we maybe walking slower than when we went to the lake?
It's startling to see two wild Pokémon appear at the same time.
My Pokémon is an excellent healer.But attacking isn't its strong point.
<var>, battling with you makes me feel elated!If I could predict what you're about to do, we would make a fierce combo!
That's some nice moss...
Thanks. You really helped me out.Listen, I have a Pokémon here named Luca.Would you take it with you?
You're very chatty...
The Pokémon among flowers...
Why do I like the volcano so much?I don't really have a good reason for it, but I don't really need one.
There's no law that says I have to be tough or anything, but losing isn't fair to my Pokémon.
After all, they try so hard for me.I think it's my responsibility as a Trainer to recognize their hard work.
My big brother is one of the Elite Four.So, of course it's only normal that I'd be better than ordinary folks.
But that's not what I want. I want to be tough on my own terms.It wouldn't be fair to the Pokémon that chose to be with me.
It might be cool being a Gym Leader or one of the Elite Four...But, then again, it sounds like it'd be a lot of hard work!
Heheh! Check this out, <var>!This is the Magma Stone, the treasure of Stark Mountain!
Since I found it, that makes me the greatest Trainer out of everyone!Thanks, you all helped it happen!
Oof!
Whoa! Wow! Hehehe! That was wicked!The volcano's in shock from that!
It might be so shocked, it'll erupt!...Nah, that can't happen!See ya, <var>!Say hi to that zippity Trainer buddy!
Gwogobo gwobobobo!
Heatran disappeared into the volcano...
Yo, if it isn't <var>!Don't tell me you're going to Stark Mountain, too?You're pretty wimpy... You're sure you're going to be OK?Heh, why am I asking you that? It's not like I care.
Anyways, if we run into each other on Stark Mountain, the race is on to see who gets the Magma Stone first!
Oh, if it isn't <var>! It's been a while!You've grown so tough that you're training out here now.
Everyone keeps getting tougher and tougher.And, in doing that, they develop closer bonds with their Pokémon.
For someone born overseas, this tough dude doesn't have an accent or anything.
<var>, there's a volcano ahead of us called Stark Mountain.That blowhard Buck guy is on his way there,as well.
I'm going to find the volcano's treasure before that guy does.If I could do that, a 21-win streak at the Battle Tower'd be possible!
You're serious? You're going to Stark Mountain?
Even the wild Pokémon there are very,very tough.If your Pokémon aren't well trained, they'll have a miserable time.
Then again, that kind of challenge is an exciting prospect.But no matter what, you'd better be fully prepared!I've got to get ready for another tournament. Farewell!
Route 227 Stark Mountain
Stark Mountain Eruption Zone!
Oh, dear, are your Pokémon feeling tired?You should rest up. Yes, good idea! Rest up here!
Yes, yes, that's right. Get some well-earned rest.
Oh, you're still looking tired. You're still needing rest, are you?You should rest up again. Yes, good idea!Rest up here!
Is that right? You're sure now?I'm only concerned for your sake. No need to worry about putting me out!
Route 228 Route 226
Route 228 Route 229
You been to the Resort Area?All I can say is, it's like a totally different world.
I'm going to become number one in Sinnoh's Super Contest Shows!I'm going to win with a Pokémon that you can only find here!
Your quest for power has brought you here.Very well.
Let me reward your passion with some absolutely astounding moves.They're the ultimate moves! Shall I teach them to your Pokémon?
The ultimate moves! Shall I teach them to your Pokémon?
To which Pokémon should I teach a move?
Hmm... Well, that is fine, as well. Visit if you have a change of heart.
To which Pokémon should I teach a move?
That Pokémon can't learn a move! Read the poster! Keh!
Teach a move to an Egg? Impossible, even for me! Keh!
You've not bonded strongly enough with your Pokémon! Keh!
That Pokémon already knows the move I've offered to teach! Keh!
I should teach <var> to your <var>?
I should teach Hydro Cannon to your <var>?
I should teach Frenzy Plant to your <var>?
<var> learned<var>!
<var> is trying to learn<var>.But <var> can't learn more than four moves.Delete an older move to make room for <var>?
Is it OK to forget the move <var>?
One...two...and...ta-da!<var> forgot <var>!And it learned <var> instead!
Would you like to give up on having this Pokémon learn <var>?
<var> did not learn the move <var>.
To the Pokémon listed here, the ultimate moves may be taught!
The blazing fire Pokémon: Charizard, Typhlosion,Blaziken, and Infernape.
The restless water Pokémon: Blastoise, Feraligatr,Swampert, and Empoleon.
The quiet grass Pokémon: Venusaur, Meganium,Sceptile, and Torterra.
I spend all my time reading here. My son is an avid reader, too.I recently learned that the word "universe" meant time and space in an ancient language.
There are many old books here..."Space and the Galaxies""The Beginning of Space""Beyond Time and Space"
There are many old books here..."The Secrets of Psychics""The Hidden Powers of Pokémon""What is Psychic Energy?"
That Pokémon you met was the Lunar Pokémon.I've heard tales of it flying from place to place throughout Sinnoh.
Oh! That sparkle... That must be the Lunar Feather!Thank you. That will wake my son from the nightmare.
Should we sail back to Canalave City?
Aye, aye! Anchors aweigh!
All right, then. Tell me if you'd like to return to Canalave City.
The Pokémon flew off somewhere.There is something sparkling where the Pokémon once was...
A voice called out from somewhere.
Darkrai. Your power is strong.Though you don't will it, you make people and Pokémon around you see terrible nightmares.That is why you came here—Newmoon Island.Here, there is no one but you.There are none that can be drawn into your nightmare.And if anyone were to fall into the nightmares,Fullmoon Island is close by.... ... ...
Do you wanna set sail?
Aye, aye! Anchors aweigh!
You just go on and tell me whenever you want to set sail again!
You are?OK, you're <var>. I'm Riley.
I'm a Trainer, and yes, it is a bit odd that I would be training here.If you'd like, we could team up. The wild Pokémon here are restless.
You decided to go with Riley!
If your Pokémon get hurt, I'll heal them up.
Hi, <var>. Let's team up.The Pokémon seem to be restless.
Are you going back?I'll be hanging around here. It would be good if you came back.
I get it now. You're responsible for agitating the Pokémon. I don't care what good reason you may have, but I don't want you bringing any trouble into my mine.
We're Team Galactic! We'll take all the Pokémon we want! Isn't that right, partner?
You said it, brother! So that's what we're gonna do!We're abducting all the Pokémon from this rusted-out Iron Island!
To share in all the joys and all the sorrows...
That is how all the Trainers and Pokémon live in Sinnoh!I won't allow anyone to defy that code of ethics!
Come on, <var>! This is one battle we can't lose!
Stop! I said stop! Your combination is so sick!The both of you—and your Pokémon.Let's beat it, partner!
You said it, brother!We don't even know what Team Galactic's big plan is anyway!
Thanks. You really helped me out.Listen, I have a Pokémon Egg here...Would you take it with you?
Thanks! I'd like you to show the Pokémon that hatches from that Egg all sorts of new places.
Thank you... But you don't have room to take another Pokémon.All right, then. I'll wait here for you.
I hope you'll accept it as a token of our friendship.
Spending time with you was very enjoyable.I intend to test my skills in other places from now on. Let's meet again!Take care on the way out.
Haha, I'd have to agree.You might say the folks who train here have a bit too much time on their hands.
This used to be a fairly thriving ore mine once upon a time.I guess the iron ore for steel was totally played out. There's only Pokémon here now.
Have you met Byron? The Leader of the Canalave Gym?He's asked me to become a Gym Leader,but there's his son Roark to consider.
Imagine what it would be like for a Steel-type Pokémon user to battle a Steel type.
Would that be like battling yourself, I wonder?I mean, it's a lot harder to defeat one's self than anyone else.
What's going on here, though? The native Pokémon are restless...I don't like this. Let's hurry.
Hm? You're in training, then?You know, my son trains as hard as you do.But I still treat him as if he were a child.
It's ridiculous, really. He is a proper Gym Leader and all. It's always tricky between a father and son, it seems.Humph, I've wasted your time. Take this as my apology!
There are Pokémon that evolve into Steel types by using that Metal Coat. They need to hold that item while being traded to evolve.Try using it if you'd like. Farewell!
What's going on...?
Hey, <var>! You didn't come this far just to go home, didja?!
It's here! The mysterious Pokémon of the lake!
Professor, there isn't anything out of the ordinary on the other side, either!
Professor, there's nothing out of the ordinary on the other side, either!
Hmm... I may have been mistaken.Something appears to be different than it was before, but...Fine! It's enough that we have seen the lake.
<var>, we're leaving.
Professor, how are you enjoying being back in Sinnoh? After being away for four years,it must be exciting again!
Professor, you've been gone for four years now.How are you enjoying being back in Sinnoh?
Hm... There is one thing I can say.There are many rare kinds of Pokémon in Sinnoh.The region should serve us very well in regard to our studies.
Excuse me. Let us pass, please.
I beg your pardon... We'll be on our way.
Sorry, folks.
What was that about? Those two...
Huh? <var>! Let's go check this out!
......What's that? Don't go into the tall grass?
No problem, no problem! We won't be in there long enough for a wild Pokémon to come out.
It's...a briefcase? Those people forgot it here.What are we supposed to do with it? We can try to return it, but who were they?I heard them say "professor"...
Waaah! P-Pokémon?!
What's going on?!
Fwaaah! Your <var> totally rocked!But my <var> was way tougher than yours!
They were other people's Pokémon...But we had to use them! Those people won't mind, will they?
Oh! There's the briefcase!The professor would have been furious if I'd lost it...
Huh? Oh, no!Did...did you use the Pokémon that were in here?
You did?! Oh my gosh! What's the professor going to say? This is so not good...I'll take this briefcase for now.
Whew! You found the briefcase?The professor would've gone through the roof if he knew I forgot it here.
Hunh? Whaaaat?!Did you guys... Did you use these Pokémon?!
Oh, man... How am I gonna explain this to the professor?This is the professor's briefcase, so I'll take it, OK?
What was that about?
I don't know what's going on. <var>,let's get out of here.
My Pokémon got hurt from that battle.If we get attacked by another Pokémon,we might be in trouble.
Hmmm...No Legendary Pokémon, and nothing seems out of the ordinary...
<var>, how was Lake Valor?Anything to report?What? You're just going there now? You've got to move faster than that!
<var>, how was Lake Valor?Anything to report?What? You're just going there now? You've got to move faster than that!
<var>, how was Lake Valor?There's nothing wrong here.The lake hasn't changed at all. We haven't found a Legendary Pokémon, either, though...
Hiya, <var>! How's Lake Valor?There's nothing wrong here. The lake is ordinary,as usual. There's no Legendary Pokémon, either...
Ah, <var>! What timing!Those Team Galactic scoundrels are after the Legendary Pokémon! You've got to help Dawn!
Ah, <var>! What timing!Those Team Galactic scoundrels are after the Legendary Pokémon!
<var>, hurry! You've got to help Lucas!
How dare you! You misguided thugs!
<var>! Dawn needs your help!
How dare you! You misguided thugs!
<var>! Lucas needs your help!
Ow! Ouch! What's with this old-timer?
<var>! It's T-Team Galactic!Oh, no! The Pokémon of the lake...
It's Team Galactic! They took the Pokémon of the lake...
That face... It brings back bad memories!I'm talking about the Valley Windworks! I caught a whole lot of trouble for that little incident.
What's with that look on your face? You do remember me, don't you?Fine, whatever. I'll tell you who I am again!
I'm Mars, one of Team Galactic's Commanders.
How cute! You two think you can save the day in your little game of hero?Not a chance! Not even a teeny one!You're all going down!
I lost again...So, first it was the Valley Windworks, and now it's Lake Verity that I owe you for! This shouldn't be happening to a Team Galactic Commander...
Calm down, Mars...I've done my part in all of this. My mission was to transport the lake's Pokémon to our HQ...
That's right! I accomplished my mission without a problem!
Team! We're pulling out! The boss is waiting at the HQ!
The Pokémon of the three lakes are connected somehow.Thanks to Saturn's grandstanding at Lake Valor,a cavern appeared here. It was the cavern where the Pokémon Mesprit slept.
Mesprit appeared, too, probably to go help its friends.That worked out well for us. It was super easy to catch.
So, now we've got them all:Mesprit, the Being of Emotion.Azelf, the Being of Willpower.Uxie, the Being of Intelligence.Now that we have all three, you can look forward to what Team Galactic has in store for them!
I see... This also occurred at Lake Valor...Another Legendary Pokémon was taken away by Team Galactic...
Both of you went up against full-fledged criminals—the fact that you're unharmed is reason enough to celebrate....But what about Lake Acuity?Is <var> safe?
<var>, I need you to go to Lake Acuity right away.I'm worried about <var>.
<var>, what is Team Galactic up to?Are the Pokémon they took from the lakes going to be OK?
<var>, what's Team Galactic up to?They'd better not harm the Pokémon they took from the lakes...
Kyauun.
Mesprit flew off somewhere...
......<var>, that was Mesprit, wasn't it?
You've accomplished what I'd asked you to do at the Canalave Library...I asked you to get data on the Pokémon of the lake, and you did.
But it didn't provide any answers about the mysteries of Evolution.I still don't know why some Pokémon evolve and others don't. Ultimately, it only deepened the mystery.
But having mysteries to solve...That adds to my enjoyment!
<var>, why don't you chase after Mesprit?To me, it seemed as if it wanted to play with you.
If you were to use the Marking Map app on your Pokétch, you'd be able to track the movements of Pokémon.
What? You don't have the Marking Map app?You should occasionally pay visits to the Pokétch Company, you know.
Go on, <var>.I'm sure that you will keep meeting countless Pokémon and people.
Those encounters will keep thrilling you in their own special ways.I hope you'll enjoy that experience!Take care, <var>.
All right! To the lake!Let's find us a red Gyarados!
You go ahead...I know we have to go return these Pokémon.They're not ours.But I want to spend just a little more time with this little guy...
Hey, hey! Where do you think you're going?We have to go return these Pokémon...
Lake Verity Ahead The Lake of Emotions
...Past three pillars...to the sleeping......before 30 is surpassed...
...Past three pillars...offer up...to the......before 30 is surpassed...
<var><var>
...Bishaan!
Giratina disappeared...
This is... That where life sparkles...That where life has faded...A place where two worlds overlap...
Hello, and welcome to the Pokémon Center.We restore your tired Pokémon to full health.Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
OK, I'll take your Pokémon for a few seconds.
Thank you for waiting.We've restored your Pokémon to full health.
We hope to see you again!
Hello, and welcome to the Pokémon Center.We restore your tired Pokémon to full health.Would you like to—
Th-that Trainer Card!That sparkling color! And all those stars!
I've seen several Trainers with Silver Trainer Cards before... But yours tops them all.
Please, <var>, may I have the honor of healing your Pokémon?
It's great to see you, <var>! You want the usual, am I right?
I will be pleased to take your Pokémon for a few seconds.
Thank you for waiting.
We hope to see you again!
Your Pokémon may be infected with the Pokérus.Little is known about the Pokérus except that they are microscopic life-forms that attach to Pokémon.
While infected, Pokémon are said to grow exceptionally well.
You obtained the <var> Pokétch app.
You obtained <var><var>!
You installed the app on the Pokétch.
Too bad! The Bag is full...
You obtained the <var>!
You obtained the <var>!
Want your Pokémon to undergo Hyper Training?
You booted up the PC.
Which PC should be accessed?
The Pokémon Boxes were accessed.
Accessed <var>'s PC.
Rowan's words echoed..."<var>! There's a time and place for everything! But not now."
Welcome! May I help you?
There! All happy and healthy!Good luck and take care!
<var>! Welcome home.It sounds like you had quite the experience out there.Maybe you should take a quick rest so you can relax.......
Oh, good! You and your Pokémon are looking great.By the way, I heard from Professor Rowan.
He said that a Pokémon's energy is measured in HP, which stands for Hit Points.If your Pokémon lose their HP, you can restore it at any Pokémon Center.
If you're going to travel far away, the smart Trainer stocks up on Potions at the Poké Mart.
Make me proud, honey! Take care!
Oh, good! You and your Pokémon are looking great.
By the way, <var>, your Pokémon will faint if it runs out of HP.If your Pokémon loses its HP, come home before it faints.
It will be healed to full health by taking a rest.Well, honey, make me proud! Take care!
First, let's restore your Pokémon to full health.
Your Pokémon have been healed to perfect health.
Please visit a Pokémon Center when your Pokémon's HP goes down.
If you're planning to travel any distance, you should stock up on Potions at a Poké Mart.Good luck, Trainer!
There is a sweet scent in the air...
There is a sweet scent in the air...
The bark is slathered with Honey...
The bark is slathered with Honey...
Slather the bark with Honey?
The bark was slathered with Honey.
Not even a nibble...
The Pokémon got away...
Reeled it in too quickly...
Landed a Pokémon!
It's a vent that exchanges air from the Grand Underground.
♂
♀
There appears to be nothing here...
The sweet scent faded for some reason...
It's a bike stand for getting on and off a bike.
Ride your bike?
Get off your bike?
Oh?
<var> hatched from the Egg!
Repel's effect wore off...
If it isn't Lv. 100, it's not hype enough to undergo Hyper Training.
Oh! <var> is already so strong, it doesn't even need any training!
I'm very sorry. We are working underground right now.It's off-limits to the public. Please try later on.
The Digital Watch app displays the current time.
The Calculator app can handle calculations up to 10 digits.
The Memo Pad app can be used for jotting down quick notes.
The Pedometer app counts the number of steps you've taken.
The Pokémon List app lets you check the status of your team.
The Friendship Checker app identifies the Pokémon that like you.
The Dowsing Machine app can locate unseeable items.
The Egg Monitor app shows the Pokémon left at the Pokémon Nursery.
The Pokémon History app shows the most recently obtained Pokémon.
The Counter app can be used to count up to 9,999.
The Analog Watch app displays the current time.
The Marking Map app allows the placement of markers.
The Coin Toss app can be used to make fair decisions.
The Calendar app is a monthly calendar with date reminders.
The Dot Artist app gives free reign to your creativity.
The Spinner app can be customized to make an original spinner.
The Chain Counter app tracks Poké Radar performance.
The Kitchen Timer app is a 99-minute timer.
The Color Changer app can change the Pokétch display color.
Cut in the Hidden Moves app allows you to chop down small trees that are blocking your way.
Fly in the Hidden Moves app allows you to travel instantly to towns you have visited before.
Surf in the Hidden Moves app allows you to move across the surface of water.
Strength in the Hidden Moves app allows you to push large boulders out of your way.
Defog in the Hidden Moves app allows you to blow away white fog that obscures your path.
Every few times you win in the Master Class,you'll get a generous reward!
Waterfall in the Hidden Moves app allows you to climb up waterfalls from the surface of the water.
Rock Climb in the Hidden Moves app allows you to move rapidly to the top of rugged cliffsides.
You obtained <var><var>.
The <var> was sent to the underground PC.
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."When the universe was created, its shards became this Plate."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."The power of defeated giants infuses this Plate."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."Two beings of time and space set free from the Original One."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."Three beings were born to bind time and space."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."Two make matter, and three make spirit, shaping the world."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."The Original One breathed alone before the universe came."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."The powers of Plates are bestowed to the Pokémon that was born."
There is text engraved in the back of the obtained Plate..."The rightful bearer of a Plate draws from the Plate it holds."
Ball Capsules can't be used because you don't have any Stickers.
Saving the game again...Don't turn off the power.
Good morning! Welcome to the Pokémon Center.We restore your tired Pokémon to full health.Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Hello, and welcome to the Pokémon Center.We restore your tired Pokémon to full health.Would you like to rest your Pokémon?




You put <var><var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
The <var> was sent to your Secret Base!
Ah, <var>!You've come to show me the progress you've made on your Pokédex?
Hmm...You've spotted <var> Pokémon in Sinnoh...
What's wrong? You're not suggesting you've seen so few that you're afraid to show me?
You're working hard on your National Pokédex,I see. I expect big things from you!
I see!You've met all the Pokémon there are in Sinnoh!<var>, I need to see you at my lab.I'll be waiting!
I see!You've met all the Pokémon there are in Sinnoh!
Look harder for wild Pokémon.Don't be afraid of going into tall grass.
Your pace is picking up. Things can only get better!
Be persistent when you're searching for Pokémon that appear only in certain places.
Pokémon aren't hiding only in tall grass. You can find many others in caves and seas.
Your Pokédex is looking more and more respectable!
Are you fishing with rods? Pokémon that live underwater need to be caught by fishing.
The Trainers that challenge you to battle have Pokémon, obviously.They may have rare ones with them, and that can add to your Pokédex.
Your Pokédex is well on the way to being filled up.This Pokédex can be considered a journal of your adventure.
You're not far from seeing every Pokémon there is to see in Sinnoh!
Ah, <var>!You've come to show me how your Pokédex is coming along?
Ah, <var>!You've come to show me how your Pokédex is coming along?
Hmhm... You've caught <var> so far...
I see...Come see me if you'd like me to have a look at your Pokédex.
They say there are at least four hundred species of Pokémon nationwide.If you're planning to catch them all, you'd better be a committed Trainer.
Hm! Little by little, you're filling the Pokédex with complete data on Pokémon you've gotten.Keep up the good work!
Here's a tip on catching Pokémon in the wild.Minimize their HP before you throw out your Poké Ball to catch 'em.
Remember: If you can't catch them, you can always trade for them.As soon as you trade, the Pokémon's data is added to the Pokédex.That's why you should seek out as many trades as possible.
Have you visited the Great Marsh?Some Pokémon only appear in places such as that.
As you know, there are Pokémon that eventually evolve.That's an important thing to consider when you're filling your Pokédex.
You've proven yourself capable. There's nothing to worry about.Keep catching Pokémon the way you've been doing so far.
Are you aware that there is more than one style of Evolution?There are some Pokémon that evolve by becoming friends with the Trainer.
Apparently, there are some Pokémon that appear in swarms on occasion.Don't miss out on these massive outbreaks of Pokémon!
Amazing! You've already gotten over three hundred Pokémon!That's already a major achievement, but I know you're capable of more!
Some wild Pokémon only appear during certain times of the day.You'll need to look for Pokémon around the clock.
I've been getting reports of different Pokémon sightings in places like the Grand Underground.By "different," I mean Pokémon that aren't native to the Sinnoh region.
You should perhaps go back to areas you've already scoured.You may end up seeing Pokémon that weren't there before.
<var>, have you visited Ramanas Park recently?There still may be Pokémon that are rarely seen in Sinnoh.
<var>, have you visited Ramanas Park recently?There still may be Pokémon that are rarely seen in Sinnoh.
Hm! Your Pokédex is getting closer to completion.Have you ever considered a career as a Pokémon Professor?
Hmm... You've caught quite the impressive collection of Pokémon.You've obviously had to employ many means to seek them all out.Keep an eye out for rustling tall grass, and search it thoroughly.
I can only marvel at the diversity of Pokémon.I'm still very much in awe of them.
Good, good. You're getting close to completing the Pokédex.I'm looking forward to seeing its completion.When that happens, your views about Pokémon will likely have changed!
Hmm... You are so very close to completing your Pokédex.Think about what's missing. Recall what you've overlooked.You're so close—please finish the Pokédex!
<var>! You've finally done it!You've finally completed the National Pokédex!
This is better than meeting any exotic Pokémon for the first time!I feel blessed to have become friends with a Trainer like you!
Sincerely, I thank you from the bottom of my heart!
<var>! You've finally done it!You've finally completed the National Pokédex!
This is better than meeting any exotic Pokémon for the first time!I feel blessed to have become friends with a Trainer like you!
Sincerely, I thank you from the bottom of my heart!
You accessed Professor Rowan's PC.
You accessed Professor Oak's PC.
You put <var><var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
You found <var><var>!
You found <var><var>!
You put <var><var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
You put <var><var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
You found <var><var>!
You found the <var>!But...too bad! The Bag is full...
You found <var><var>!
You put <var><var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
Kazza
Charap
Gaspar
Foppa
Hilary
Norton
Mindy
Meister
This tree looks like it can be cut down!Would you like to cut it?
A wild Bidoof helped out by using Cut!
This tree looks like it can be cut down with a hidden move!
This rock seems breakable with a hidden move.Would you like to use Rock Smash?
It's a rugged rock, but you may be able to smash it with a hidden move.
A wild Bidoof helped out by using Rock Smash!
It's a big boulder, but you may be able to push it aside with a hidden move.Would you like to use Strength?
A wild Bibarel helped out by using Strength!Strength made it possible to move boulders around!
It's a big boulder, but you may be able to push it aside with a hidden move.
Strength made it possible to move boulders around.
A wild Bibarel helped out by using Strength!
Strength made it possible to move boulders around!
The water is a deep blue color... Would you like to use Surf on it?
A wild Bibarel helped out by using Surf!
You can't use Surf because you're traveling with <var>!
A deep fog drapes the area... Would you like to use Defog?
A deep fog drapes the area... Could a hidden move lift it?
The wall is very rocky... Would you like to use Rock Climb?
The wall is very rocky... Could a hidden move let you scale it?
You can't use Rock Climb because you're traveling with <var>!
It's a large waterfall. Would you like to use Waterfall?
A wild Bibarel helped out by using Waterfall!
A wall of water is crashing down with a mighty roar... Could a hidden move let you go up it?
<var> used Flash!
Excuse me, do you have a moment?Have you ever tried the Master Class battles?Everyone's so strong in them, I can't win at all.
There are no Trainers within range who can battle...The Vs. Seeker was turned off.
The other Trainers don't appear to be ready for battle.Let's wait till later.
Despite the exploration team's best efforts,the rare, oddly colored Pokémon eluded detection. The rumored red Gyarados failed to appear, even fleetingly, to the crestfallen team...
You can't use this because you're traveling with <var>.
Oh, a Shaymin?If you have that Pokémon, then you also should have some Gracidea flowers.I've got a whole bunch, so you can have some.
Gracidea flowers have been around a long time in this region.They're given as bouquets to express feelings of gratitude. Isn't that charming?With these Gracidea flowers, you don't need to say thanks with words.You can, instead, demonstrate your gratitude with a bouquet. How nice!
Do you know about Gracidea flowers?They're given as bouquets to express feelings of gratitude.It's an enduring tradition around these parts.
Would you like to use a Bottle Cap or a Gold Bottle Cap?
<var>: <var>
Quit
You want me to hype up all of this Pokémon's stats?
Which stat should I hype up?
The training starts now!
Phew... <var> got stronger from the Hyper Training.
Want to keep the hype going with some more Hyper Training?
Come back when you're ready to get hyped for some Hyper Training.
There are also Master Class Single Battles and Master Class Double Battles.They feature high-level opponents, and each time you go on a seven-win streak ups your rank.
Thank you for playing!
Hmm? You look like something of an expert!I'll bet you're just longing to know everything there is about Pokémon, right?Yes, I can tell just by looking at you!Well, you're in luck—I'd like to give you a present that will let you see straight through to a Pokémon's innate strengths!It's called the Judge function.After selecting a Pokémon in a Box, press the + Button or - Button to see its potential.With this, you will truly be an expert!
So, what do you think? Have you been using the Judge function?I think it's fascinating to see how even the same kind of Pokémon can be so different!
Welcome to the Battle Tower!I'm here to guide you to a Master Class Battle Room, either for Single or Double Battles.
Would you like to enter a Master Class Battle Room?
I look forward to serving you again.
We have two Master Class Battle Rooms: one for Single Battles and one for Double Battles.
Seven Trainers will arrive in each Battle Room.They are stronger than the Trainers you'd face in regular Single Battles or Double Battles.You'll earn extra BP if you can defeat them all.
Also, we use a rank system for the Master Class.
Master Class Single and Double Battle Rooms each have 10 ranks. When you get a seven-win streak, your rank will go up by one.On the other hand, if you lose seven times in a row, your rank will go down by one.
As your rank rises, your opponents will be stronger, but you'll also earn more BP.
If you decide to take a break during a challenge that is already underway, be sure to save your progress, or your challenge won't be counted.Please don't forget!
Would you like to enter the Single Battle Room or the Double Battle Room?
Just a moment!You don't have three eligible Pokémon.
Make sure the three participating Pokémon are different, and that none of them have the same held item.
Eggs, <var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, and <var> are not allowed to enter.
Please come back once you've made your preparations.
Just a moment!You don't have four eligible Pokémon.
Make sure the four participating Pokémon are different, and that none of them have the same held item.
Eggs, <var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,<var>, <var>,and <var> are not allowed to enter.
Please come back once you've made your preparations.
Before proceeding, your progress will be saved.Are you OK with that?
Please select the Pokémon you wish to enter.
Your Pokémon must all be different.
Held items must all be different.
You scurry back to the Pokémon Center,protecting your exhausted Pokémon from any further harm...
You scurry back home, protecting your exhausted Pokémon from any further harm...
How many <var> would you like in exchange?
How many <var> <var> would you like in exchange?
You put <var> <var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
Would you like to use another one?
The battery isn't charged enough.Number of steps required to fully charge the battery: <var>
You're late. I've been waiting so long I've gone numb.I've had a few challengers since you were last here, but it's no shock that none of them really got my heart racing.So, <var>! You defeated the Champion and got even stronger, right?Heheheh... Hahaha!The thrill of anticipation is tingling through my veins—don't disappoint me!
You're late, <var>!Whenever I see you, I feel a jolt of anticipation.Don't disappoint me!
Now that's what I expect of a Trainer who's made it into the Hall of Fame!My battles with you are always full of shocking new discoveries!
My battles with you are always full of shocking new discoveries!
This Sticker is charged up with my crackling-hot energy. Give it a try, if you like.
I'm always eager for a battle with you. Next time you feel like it, come on back for more!
I'm confident in the rock-solid rapport between my dad and me!
Gwahaha! Don't get so cocky that you let your guard down, son!
You smashed through our father-son teamwork...
Well done! I see I still have some training to do!
Oh! Hi, <var>!I almost got lost again, but then I met Cheryl!
Let's get out of here together, Cheryl!
It's been a while, <var>.It's always nice to have a traveling companion—and right now, mine is Mira!
Me and Cheryl have no one else left...
We'll just wait here.
Please enjoy the spectacle of our duet!
Let me lay it on the line—if we work together,Fantina and I are sure to beat you!
What a spectacular show! Your timing together was idéal!
And here I thought we were doing so well!
Oh, it's you... I suppose I'll set aside our history.For now, I am simply your opponent.
Did you want something?How silly of me to even ask.
I suppose I should have expected this from the Trainer who defeated our boss.
Next time I'll send you running away crying!
When you combine my focus with Maylene's...Well, it's pretty impressive!
Gee, I'm hungry... Oh, sorry, it's nothing.
I'm so sorry, Maylene! I just couldn't stay focused!
If I hadn't been so hungry... Oops, never mind!I didn't say anything!
Are you ready for us to test out your teamwork with your Pokémon?
I hope you and your team are healthy...
Whatever you did to prepare for this, you must have been doing it right!
You're the best, just the way you are...
Yo! If it isn't <var>!Let's see which of us can make it to the top first!
Heheh! Check it out—you're facing the greatest Trainer there is!
Ahaha! Dear child, keep your feet on the ground and your head out of the clouds!
Heheh! You really are pretty good! Of course,it won't take me long to surpass you.
Wow, you're actually pretty good! Oh well.It won't take long for me to surpass you!
I believe you can go as far as you want.
Hiya, <var>!Still got those flames burning inside you?
I thought you'd show up, <var>.Good thing, too—I was just starting to get bored!
............Whew. Burnt right down to cinders...
Hahaha! That was a blast! Right, Flint?Uhhh... Flint?
<var>, it's payback time!We've got quite the backlog of scores to settle—and I'm not about to let you off the hook!
So, we meet again, <var>.It seems that our fates have become intertwined.But here and now, I will finally break that bond!
Calm down, Mars... This is all a dream...Just a bad dream!
Just how long will your legend continue?!
You made it, <var>!I managed to meet my dad here and achieve one of the biggest goals my life!But my other goal is to become the greatest Pokémon Trainer in the world.And I'm about to achieve it by beating you—right here, right now!
Hi, <var>! Well done getting this far!My son grew up so much since meeting you that I could hardly recognize him.So please, accept my most sincere thanks!And now, as the Tower Tycoon, I will face you in battle with all my might—and my son by my side!
Darn it! I seriously still can't win?! I always seem to lose right when it counts!It's bad enough letting down my dad, let alone the Tower Tycoon... Darn it!!!
Bravo, <var>!I see you've nurtured your relationship with your Pokémon into an unbreakable bond!And son, hold your head up high! You've got absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.You've had a grand adventure with a worthy rival and made it all the way here. As a father, nothing could make me prouder!<var>, let me thank you once more!And if it isn't too much trouble, please keep looking after <var> here.Now go—your adventure's just begun! Reach out into the vast world before you, that endless time and borderless space, and grasp it for yourself!Walk on!
A wild Bibarel helped out by using Rock Climb!
If you're into battling, this is the place to be.You can train here as much as you like!
You might be able to conquer this whole place.
Would you like to see how much my Pokémon's skills have grown?
Wow. You and your Pokémon have really done a lot of growing, too!
I'm here learning what it means to be strong!
Feeling a Pokémon's trust in you... I think that's one meaning of strength.
I think Roark's here, too, somewhere... Oh, I see!You've already defeated my son!
Gwahahahaha! Like son, like father—well done beating us both!
I figured if I trained here, I might get more—Oh, what's the word I'm looking for...dignity?Whatever it is that makes a Gym Leader cool!
Just wait—I'll become a Gym Leader so dignified and cool that everyone will want to be like me!
The stage is set for our battle! Shall we dance?
Your groove is truly magnifique!
For some strange reason, my pulse is pounding...Aha. It must be because you're here!
Go on, then. Somewhere out there, the battle of your dreams awaits!
Crash! Crash! Watch out, Battle Tower!Crasher Wake...is...heeere!
He rises and he falls like the rolling of the tide...That's Crasher Wake!
I knew you'd make it here. After all, you'd never give up on a challenge.And now I shall battle you with all my might!
I knew it. Ever since I saw you looking so worried for those Psyduck holding their heads in pain,I knew that someday you'd become a Trainer who would take the world by storm!Now get going—you're nearly at the top!Show them how strong you truly are!
<var>! You finally made it to the top!Here in the Master Class, only the strongest come to test their mettle against one another.There's no room here for the slightest mistake,nor a moment's hesitation!And now, you are here to challenge me at the very pinnacle of this revered battleground.As the Tower Tycoon of this treasured place—and as a Trainer with a true love for Pokémon—I shall accept your challenge with all that I have!
What else is there to say? You came prepared to make it to the top, and that's just what you did!You know, the thing I love most about being the Tower Tycoon is taking in the view from up here.As I look over all of Sinnoh, I think about how each day starts with a brand new Trainer taking the first step on their Pokémon journey.That thought alone fills me with hope, and today that hope became reality when you defeated me!If we continue this way, passing the baton down through the generations, then tomorrow will be as limitless as time and space itself!<var>, you were brilliant!Now you can truly declare yourself the winner,and carry Sinnoh into a shining future!
You can't dismount your bike here.
In a Multi Battle, coordination with your partner is vital.By working together, one plus one could become not just two, but even three or four.But one times one is always one.Do you understand that?
That glaringly bright and cool thing you have!It's undoubtedly a Pokétch!They're awesome, yeah?
What am I in the mood to see now...?I'd like to see a Pokémon with a Serious Nature.
What am I in the mood to see now...?I'd like to see a Pokémon with a Naive Nature.
What am I in the mood to see now...?I'd like to see a Pokémon with a Quirky Nature.
Wow! Your <var> has a Serious Nature, all right!Thanks! I'll give you this Calendar app for your Pokétch.
Wow! Your <var> has a Naive Nature, all right!Thanks! I'll give you this Dot Artist app for your Pokétch.
Wow! Your <var> has a Quirky Nature, all right!Thanks! I'll give you this Spinner app for your Pokétch.
Some day, Pokétch apps may outnumber all the species of Pokémon.
Yeah, I used to live in a place called Hoenn.There was a place like this back there, too.
I hear there are special places in the Grand Underground where Pokémon like to gather!
You should work together with friends to collect Glossy Stones before you dig up Fossils!Apparently something good'll happen if you do that!
Once, when I was in the Grand Underground,I fainted...But then Roark rescued me!
<var>, to whom I give my thanks.
Only a handful of Trainers are tough enough for Master Class battles.I'd love to take on that challenge someday!
Giving a self-introduction before a battle can really help psych you up!
You used the <var>!
The grassy patch remained quiet...
Saved Battle Points: <var> BP
Hi there! I'm Aaron.But actually, I've battled with you before,haven't I?Wait a moment! My bug Pokémon are buzzing about something...You must have gotten even stronger! The hunch of a Bug-type Pokémon is rarely wrong.All right, then! I'll battle you once more with all my strength!
Ahhh... Today, as always, my bug Pokémon were truly beautiful.They didn't waste a single motion, and they pulled off some perfectly–polished moves.The only thing that held them back from winning was my own weakness.If I can improve myself, then they'll get a chance to shine brighter than Beautifly wings in the sun!Let's hear it for my Pokémon!
Whoops. Got a little carried away again...Anyway, carry on to the next room!Stronger Trainers than I will put you to the test!
Hey there, <var>!I had a hunch you'd be back for more battles!I guess you could say a little bug told me.And I can tell just by looking that your Pokémon are more beautiful and polished than before—of course, so are mine!So now, let me show you the Evolutionary power of bug Pokémon!
This brings me back to when I first discovered bug Pokémon...I couldn't believe how sharply they'd polished their survival skills. Ever since then, I've devoted myself to following the beauty of the Bug type.But as much as it bugs me to lose like this to you,I'll never stop aiming for perfection.That way, I can keep on showing the wonder of bug Pokémon to the world!
And now, on to the next room! My bug Pokémon have already spread the buzz about your victory!
Well, well. I see you've returned, dear child.It looks as though you've grown more confident since the last time we met.But don't forget—with age comes the power to shake the earth, and a force of will that can split the ground beneath your feet!Ahahaha! Let this old lady show you what a little life experience can do.
No matter how the world shifts, you and your Pokémon will always be sure-footed.You're steadier today than all the days before!
Ahahaha! Now continue to go as far as you want!
Oh, if it isn't <var>!You sure look different from last time we met.Why, now you hold yourself just like an adult.You remind me of when I was young...Ahahaha!But I know you're not here to hear an old lady's ramblings. Let's let the battle do the talking.
Now then, let me leave you with a last little bit of advice....Even if you find yourself losing someday, and even if your feelings are crushed, remember to remain as strong as the earth beneath your feet.
Ahahaha!I look forward to seeing just how far you go!
Yo, Trainer! I've been waiting on the edge of my seat for you to come!I've been training myself for this moment, so you won't catch me running out of gas again!I won't just bring the heat—I'm going supernova!Hope you're warmed up, because here comes the Big Bang!
.........Whew. Burnt right down to cinders...
.........Come again soon.
Yo, <var>!I've been boiling over waiting to see you again!Any battle with you is guaranteed to get heated.But right now, my soul is burning at 15 million degrees—hotter than the surface of the sun!
.........Whew. Burnt right down to cinders...
.........Let's do this again sometime.
Just a moment, please. The book I'm reading has nearly reached its thrilling climax...The hero has obtained a mystic sword and is about to face their final trial...Ah, never mind. Since you've made it this far,I'll put that aside and battle you.Let me see if you'll achieve as much glory as the hero of my book!
Truly outstanding. You took full control of the narrative without a moment's hesitation.Now then, the final page has yet to be written.Go and show us who shall emerge victorious.
Now then, I can return to the last remaining chapter of my book.Reading allows me to learn from my mistakes.Knowledge keeps me from making more.
Ah, you've timed your arrival perfectly. I'm still quite worked up from the book I just finished.After seeing all you've accomplished thus far,<var>, I can certainly tell you this:you are the protagonist of your own story.And perhaps that just makes me an obstacle standing in the way of your heroic journey.Then again, maybe in this retelling I'll finally trip you up! Wouldn't that be an intriguing plot twist?
I concede defeat...I used every stratagem at my command, but you persevered through them all.Now all that remains is for you to write your own epilogue!
Next I think I'd like to read a book about a star...one small light, illuminating a galaxy of darkness.
How have you been?I recently saw my grandma in Celestic Town for the first time in quite a while.She sure had lots of nice things to say about you!Obviously it's important to battle well and win,but I think a truly great Trainer is one who makes the people and Pokémon around them happy.That's why I'm so glad that you're the one who's challenging me today!I will accept your challenge with everything I've got!
Throughout this battle, I managed to catch a glimpse of everything that brought you this far:your love of Pokémon, your talent as a Trainer,and the friendships you've made along the way.I can't tell you how happy I was to see all that.You truly earned your place in the Hall of Fame!
Thank you for coming back, <var>.As you know, I am Sinnoh's Champion.Champion... That word carries so much pressure.It doesn't happen often, but whenever a Trainer comes to challenge me, I know that they carry with them all their hopes and dreams...And so, I respect their passion by giving them my all in battle—without losing the dignity and poise expected from the Champion, of course.Forgive me for airing my petty complaints. I only tell you because you've defeated me before.But I've said too much. The time has come!Please do me the honor of battling my team with all your might!
Thank you for coming back, <var>.As you know, I am Sinnoh's Champion.Champion... That word carries so much pressure.It doesn't happen often, but whenever a Trainer comes to challenge me, I know that they carry with them all their hopes and dreams...And so, I respect their passion by giving them my all in battle—without losing the dignity and poise expected from the Champion, of course.Forgive me for airing my petty complaints. I only tell you because you've defeated me before.But I've said too much. The time has come!Please do me the honor of battling my team with all your might!
I could tell from this battle that each of our Pokémon gave every last bit of their strength.Not once did either of our teams hesitate!Thank you for such a refreshing experience!
I know now that I can entrust my Sticker to you.I've imbued it with everything that made me a Champion. Please accept it!
How have you been?One look at you tells me many things about you.Together, you and your Pokémon overcame all the challenges you've faced, however difficult,and came out even stronger.Obviously it's important to battle well and win,but I think a truly great Trainer is one who makes the people and Pokémon around them happy.That's why I'm so glad that you're the one who's challenging me today!I will accept your challenge with everything I've got!
Palmer gave you a Burning Sticker C.
Excuse me.We have a record that shows you took a break from the last challenge.Please select participating Pokémon to resume your challenge.
In order to enter Master Class, you'll have to win 49 times in a row in the regular Battle Tower.Please note that Single Battles and Double Battles are counted separately.Good luck!
You currently have <var> Master Class <var>.
If you win <var> <var>, you'll receive<var><var>.
Congrats! You've won here <var> <var>!Here's your reward!
Next, if you win <var> <var>, you'll receive<var><var>.Good luck!
You can't use that here.
Should we sail back to Canalave City?
Aye, aye! Anchors aweigh!
All right, then. Tell me if you'd like to return to Canalave City.
...
Darkrai disappeared into the murky darkness...
You can't use this because you're traveling with <var>.
