Oh, is that a Pokédex? You must be helping Professor Rowan.What's your name?...
OK—hello, <var>. I'll be sure to remember that name!My name is Cynthia. I'm a Trainer just like you.I've been studying Pokémon mythology lately,just out of curiosity.
Here in Eterna City, there is a statue of an ancient Pokémon.
According to myth, it was an extremely powerful Pokémon.Who knows? You may encounter something like it while you're traveling with your Pokédex.
Try using these. They should help you on your way.
Remember, you can use the hidden move Cut from your Pokétch in the field.It will let you go places that were previously inaccessible to you.That's important for filling up your Pokédex,right? Then luck be with you, young Trainer!
Hey! You there, kid! Stay away from that Pokémon statue!Team Galactic is conducting an official investigation here!
Hey, you! Yeah, you, Trainer!Errr... It's OK. Never mind. You look tough.I won't take— Um, I'll just let you keep your Pokémon. Carry on!
Have you seen our building?Team Galactic is so stinking rich that we can have one built instantly!
Since that Team Galactic building went up,the city's atmosphere has gotten all creepy and tense.I don't know what those people are doing up in that place...
With Team Galactic gone, what's going to happen to their building?
My friend said Team Galactic took his favorite Pokémon away. I don't think he's telling the truth.Team Galactic looks so cool. They don't look like common ruffians.
Do you use bike stands?It looks so cool to hop off your bike and then lean on it. It looks so smooth!
Since you're visiting Eterna, you need to get yourself a bike and take a ride down Cycling Road.
They say this is an old city.It doesn't look it, though. Not with all these tall buildings.
Eterna City's not anything like it was before, way back in the day.
They say this is a Pokémon that lived long,long ago.
Oh, don't tell me you don't have an Explorer Kit?You should have a word with the man next door to the Pokémon Center.
Oh, don't tell me you don't have an Explorer Kit?You should have a word with the man next door to the Pokémon Center.
Going underground with the Explorer Kit is a blast, isn't it?
Oh wow! You got a bike!You can ride down Cycling Road and end up in Hearthome City.It's a fast and fun ride. You should check it out!
Oh wow! You got a bike!You can ride down Cycling Road and end up in Hearthome City.It's a fast and fun ride. You should check it out!
It feels great riding a bike with the wind in your face, doesn't it?
Eterna City History Living
Eterna City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Gardenia Master of Vivid Plant Pokémon!
Rad Rickshaw's Cycle Shop Get On and Ride!
Team Galactic Eterna Building We Want Your Pokémon!
Underground Man's House Diggin' Down for Adventure!
Eterna Condominiums Name-Rating Services Available
There is some writing on the Pokémon statue...Dia..., once created,brought time into being.
...in laughter or in tears,the same time flows...Such is the blessing of Dia...
The text is barely legible and has faded completely in places...
There is some writing on the Pokémon statue...Pal..., once created, brought forth the many dimensions.
All things—alive or not...—arri... at the same space.Such is the blessing of Pal...
The text is barely legible and has faded completely in places...
If you get more Gym Badges, the Poké Marts will offer you more items.
Let me tell you something. I got into a bad situation in Eterna Forest.From now on, I'm not going anywhere without an Escape Rope.
After all, to be strong, you need to raise different types of Pokémon!
When a Pokémon faints, use a Revive on the Pokémon. It'll be able to battle again!
Team Galactic took my Pokémon away.They took other people's, too.Something should be done, but Team Galactic creeps everyone out...What are they doing to my Pokémon?
I got my Pokémon back!I'm so happy, I feel like riding my bike down Cycling Road together with it!
Bunbun!
Hi, you cute little Trainer! What kinds of Pokémon are with you?This Pokétch app will show how close your Pokémon feel to you.
If you spend enough time with them, all Pokémon will open up to you.
Hi, you cute little Trainer! What kinds of Pokémon are with you?Oh, your <var>...
It seems to like you. It must be happy being with you.
It's becoming comfortable around you, I think.
Hmm... It needs to get used to you more.
Multi Battles are the ultimate in pulse-pounding action!You won't know how exciting they are until you've actually experienced one!
Thanks for rescuing me. I can't thank you enough!Say, let me give you a bike to show my gratitude!
It's the latest model, so I'll read the operating manual to you."Press the B Button to shift gears," it says.
"In third gear, the bike cannot reach full speed,but it will be easier to handle. In fourth gear,it can ride at full speed and climb up slopes."Your bike can take you through all sorts of towns,roads, and routes. Now get out there and ride!
Pip piih!
The manager's gone off to the Team Galactic building and hasn't returned.I wonder what's holding him up.
What was Team Galactic trying to do with other people's Pokémon?
There is a manual on the latest model of bicycle.Third gear for steering.Fourth gear for all-out speed!Change gears with the B Button for exhilarating cycling!
There's a catalog on bikes...The Mach Bike—a folding bike built solely for blazing speed!
The Acro Bike—a folding bike designed for stunts like jumps and wheelies!
Welcome to Team Galactic. Are you here to donate your Pokémon?What? You're not? Then kindly get off our property!Do we have to bring the pain like we did with the Cycle Shop manager?
Team Galactic isn't interested in the world. Our gaze is beyond the stars!
Team Galactic is working hard to find new energy sources for the future!
We are conducting research on new forms of energy! We want to harness the mysterious power of Pokémon!
Ordinary people like you can't understand Team Galactic's grand designs!Come to think of it...I don't even know what's going on...
Eh? Did you want something?How silly of me to even ask. You want to free the Pokémon. Yeah, that's gonna happen!
Well, aren't you tough...It's OK, though. Our official Pokémon-statue investigation is finished.And Mars has collected energy from the Valley Windworks.
We're pretty much finished here. I'll let you in on one little thing.Our boss is researching the myths of ancient Pokémon. With the power of mythical Pokémon,he will become the ruler of Sinnoh...
I suggest you keep out of Team Galactic's affairs from now on.This is your last warning!
Pi...
What is it with this Team Galactic?Why did they take our Pokémon? What are they trying to accomplish?
I got my Clefairy back, and it's all thanks to you!But that Team Galactic...
They said, "Clefairy came from space. Hand it over!"Their logic baffles me still. It's like they are from space!
Anyway, they're gone now. Thank you very much!I can't thank you enough right now, but cruise by my Cycle Shop, OK?
Myun...
Hello, hello! I am the official Name Rater!Want me to rate the nicknames of your Pokémon?
Which Pokémon's nickname should I critique?
<var>, is it? That's a decent nickname!But would you like to give it an even better name? How about it?
Ah, good. Then what shall the new nickname be?
Done! From now on, this Pokémon shall be known as <var>!That's a better name than before! How fortunate for you!
I see. Please come visit again.
Done! From now on, this Pokémon shall be known as <var>!The name looks no different from before, and yet it is vastly superior! How fortunate for you!
<var>, is it? That is a truly impeccable name!Take good care of <var>!
Now, now. That is merely an Egg! An Egg can go by no other name!
Excuse me, but do you got that Pokémon named Buizel?Wanna trade it for my Chatot?
Yes! So awesome! A Buizel! I promise I'll be good to it!Please take good care of the Chatot I gave you, too!
What I totally want is a Buizel...
Oh, OK. Totally got it. It's all right if you don't want to.But if you change your mind, let's totally trade some Pokémon.
We traded Pokémon, so we're friends now!Please take good care of the Chatot that I gave you!
Hi! I'm the building superintendent. I maintain a vigilant 24-hour watch!
I'm...building...superintendent... Maintain...24-hour watch... Zzz...
I've had these TMs for the move Recycle for such a long time now. They're not anything that I have much use for these days.I do hope you'll put them to good use,young Trainer.
Folks like me have a long history we can look back on.Young people like you have only the future to look forward to.
Gardenia, our Gym Leader, goes out to Eterna Forest every so often.I always wonder what she does there.
I gathered up a lot of Stickers, so I'm placing them on my Ball Capsules.I'm thiiis close to being ready for the Super Contest Shows in Hearthome City.
Badges from Gyms or wins in Super Contest Shows... There's more than just one way to be a winner, it seems.Here's hoping you'll find something in which you can be the victor.
I've had these items for such a long time now.They're not anything that I have much use for these days.I do hope you'll put them to good use,young Trainer.
Folks like me have a long history we can look back on.Young people like you have only the future to look forward to.
Welcome to the Herb Shop, home of effective yet inexpensive medicine.
Herbal meds work most impressively. But your Pokémon won't like them. They're horribly bitter and smelly!
Someone ought to invent herbal medicine that isn't bitter.That would be a medical breakthrough!
Ah, it's you! Good to see you! How is your Pokédex coming along?Catching every kind of Pokémon is no easy feat—I'll grant you that.But I'm sure you can accomplish it!
Ah, yes!An acquaintance from Kanto has sent me something quite interesting.I think you'd make better use of it than I ever could.
I understand there is a Pokémon that evolves when it is traded while holding that Upgrade.
Eterna came to be long ago in honor of an ancient Pokémon.Though many things have changed, what is important has not. I hope it remains that way forever more...
Have you seen the Pokémon statue?When I was a wee child, it used to be the centerpiece of many festivals...
At my Gym, no one gets to battle with the Gym Leader—me—until they've beaten all the other Trainers.I'll be waiting for you in the back.Good luck, challenger!
Hey there! How's it going, Champ-to-be?Actually, that's what I said to some boy who zipped in here earlier, too!
The Gym Leader, Gardenia, is a user of Grass-type Pokémon.It should be obvious, but Grass-type Pokémon really hate fire.
Oh, wait a second. I should tell you about the Gym itself first.
You can't challenge the Gym Leader until you find and beat all the Gym's Trainers, who've hidden themselves.It's a bit challenging, but just think of it as good training and go for it!
Oh! <var>! You've beaten the Gym Leader!Your Pokémon look much tougher than when they went in, too! At least that's how I see it!
Eterna City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Gardenia Certified Trainers: <var>
Eterna City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Gardenia Certified Trainers: <var><var>
You kept me waiting!I'm Eterna's Gym Leader, Gardenia, the Grass-type master!When I first saw you, I was convinced you'd find your way to me.
My hunch was right on the money. You have a winning aura about you.So, anyway, this will be fun. Let's have our battle!
I might've said it before, but you're really tough!Wasn't it hard for you to raise your Pokémon to be so good?
I guess that's a measure of how much you love your Pokémon.In recognition of that, I proudly grant you this!
You received the Forest Badge from Gardenia!
With the Forest Badge, the hidden move Cut will be available from your Pokétch.
Now that you have two Gym Badges, all Pokémon you received in trades will obey you up to Lv. 30.
I've also got something else for you. These are a gift from me!
Each <var> contains <var>.It's one of my favorite moves.The heavier the opposing Pokémon, the more damage this move will cause.
Yup! If there's one thing I can tell about you,it's this—you and your Pokémon are gonna get even tougher, and I mean seriously!
How did you know where to find me?Let's have our battle!
OK, the next Trainer is at the end, past the two boulders... I think.
My Grass-type Pokémon can dole out some serious special attacks.I won't let you win easily!
Oh, that's right... A hint about the next Trainer...In the middle of three trees. That's it for my hint.Good luck!
Even when you try to conceal it, you can't hide the aroma of flowers.
Your next opponent is beside four flowers.
*giggle*You found me! Of course I'll battle you!
*giggle*There's only our Gym Leader left. Go on—don't be afraid!
I am the first one to have started digging out the Grand Underground.I am! You can call me the Underground Man.Everyone else does.
I'll make a gift of this to you. You hold up your end of the deal and put it to good use!
My gift to you, the Explorer Kit, will instantly take you to the Grand Underground!You need only to use it, and you will be down in the tunnels and caverns beneath our feet.Underground lies a different world where you can do this, that, and the other thing, too!
Let me mentor you as you become a full-fledged spelunker. Just follow my lead!
Your road to being a spelunker has barely begun.If you want to know more, just come visit me.
Style Shop Storage Metronome Distribution Center
So you want <var> <var>, right?How many do you want?
First, go to the Grand Underground!
Going underground is quite easy. Simply use your Explorer Kit.
But it can't be used indoors or in a cave.Now, give it a try!
Aha! I see that you've gone underground.Well done! Take these as a reward!
There are apparently some Pokémon in the Grand Underground that you can't normally find around here.Meeting a new Pokémon is 100 times more fun when it's a rare one!
How was it down in the Grand Underground?Big and empty, I would think.But that's just because you're a novice spelunker!
There are many hidden things down there that are invisible to the naked eye.For my next test, I want you to dig up some treasures for me.
While underground, check the radar for any spots of yellow light.Go to such a location and search for treasure by pressing the A Button.
You've not located any treasure yet?Listen. Check the radar and go to any yellow spot of light you see. Next, press the A Button to identify places to dig.
Try to get right atop the spot where a yellow light is shown on your radar, OK?Now, off you go on your treasure hunt!
Ah! I see you were able to use your radar effectively! Well done, indeed!Here's your reward!
Dig in the walls of the Grand Underground to unearth hidden things.Treasure you find will go straight into your Bag!
Spheres are special gems that can be exchanged for goods down there.Now, what should I assign you next...?
Have you grown weary of repeatedly going back underground? Well, it's not over yet!Next up is your Secret Base. That's right, I will teach you how to make your own Secret Base!
All you need is the Digger Drill I gave you earlier.Simply go to the Grand Underground and use the Digger Drill wherever you like.It will instantly create your very own Secret Base!
So, your next assignment is: make a Secret Base!
Oh? You don't know how to use the Digger Drill?OK, I'll admit this test may have been a little tricky for you.
All you must do is find the Digger Drill in your Bag. Then, face a wall and use the Digger Drill.That's all it takes.
Do that and you'll have your Secret Base before you can say...Boo!No, but seriously, there are some walls you can't dig through, like those at the corners of a tunnel.First, try to dig into different walls!
Ah, you've made your Secret Base. Excellent!I thought I might have been asking too much of you, but you did it!Well done! Take these as your reward!
By the by, a Digger Drill can only be used once.If you wish to move your Secret Base, you will need to obtain another Digger Drill.You can trade spheres for one underground.Now, what should I have you do next...?
You've made yourself a Secret Base, yes...But it's totally empty, is it not?
Not to worry. You can place statues in your own Secret Base as you see fit!
So! For my next test, I want you to decorate your Secret Base. Set up statues in there as you like!
Ah, have I finally managed to stump you?Perhaps you don't have any statues?
Statues can be found in the stone boxes you'll find while digging for Fossils!Just check your radar for yellow lights, press the A Button in the right spot, and dig up treasures!
Aha! You managed to decorate your Secret Base.I knew I recognized a top-notch spelunker in you!Well done! This is your reward!
I've taught you all that I know. But if you insist,there is one more thing I should tell you.
Have you seen lights with different colors at the spots where you can dig for treasure?At these spots, you can dig into the walls more than you could near the usual yellow lights...
It seems you can find differently-colored lights when you communicate with other spelunkers.If you do find one, I'll give you a rare pedestal.
Oh, have you found a light of a different color?It seems you can find differently-colored lights when you communicate with other spelunkers.
You're a natural-born spelunker, so I'm pretty sure that you'll be able to find one!
Wait, don't tell me! You've found a light of a different color?Excellent! Now you should be capable of digging for more Treasures than ever before.
Well done! This is your reward!
There really is nothing else that I can teach you.Add more statues to your Secret Base, dig for treasure, and become a master spelunker for me!
So, young spelunker, are you going underground with your friends?The Grand Underground is vast. It can be a place where you meet many others like you.
Oh? Your Bag appears to be full.Discard an item or two, then come see me again.
Hm! This belongs to you!
Ah! You've stuck it out to the end! This will be my final test.The Grand Underground attracts lots of people.You're not the only one down there!
Other spelunkers have Secret Bases of their own.
Your final test is to find someone else's Secret Base. When you do, make sure to look inside!
Ah! Have you found someone else's Secret Base?
First, launch wireless communications, and then go to the Grand Underground!Once you find someone's else's Secret Base,make sure to take a look inside!
Oh! The look on your face tells me you found someone else's Secret Base!Well done. Here's your reward!
Statues set up in Secret Bases appear to impart mysterious effects.You can even benefit from the effects of statues placed inside someone else's Secret Base!Just access their PC.Don't be shy! Make the power of statues yours!
The Grand Underground sure is massive!You're gonna have a blast down there!
Let's dig up some treasure!I'm from Oreburgh. I work at the Mining Museum.I got advice from the Underground Man on digging up Fossils and spheres.
Before I get digging, let me share his advice with you—while you're digging, you may uncover dark rocks.
They are very hard! If you keep hitting them, the wall will collapse.Keep that in mind, and you'll be digging up treasure in no time!
Oh, you'd like more advice on digging up treasure and spheres?Well, your Explorer Kit contains a sledgehammer and a pickax. Choose either of these tools and use them to dig into walls.
You get to keep the stuff you fully uncover before the wall collapses.
Don't forget, the dark rocks are impossible to break. If you hit them too often, the wall will collapse.Keep that in mind, and you'll be digging up treasure in no time!
New and on sale: the underground radar!The radar indicates possible treasure locations.Use this handy tool to track them down!
I'm Mira. I was catching Pokémon, and then I got lost. I'm so scared...Please! Please take me to the exit!
You decided to escort Mira!
I'll keep your Pokémon healthy all the time!
Trainer, your name is <var>?My name is Mira. I like my name!
Oh! There's the exit! I want to get tougher so I won't be such a scaredy-cat.<var>, bye-bye! Thank you!
Are you going to use that? I will be left all alone.
Are you going to use that? I will be left all alone.
That isn't the right way. I'll be lost if we go down.
I like helpful Pokémon moves, like Growl and Minimize.Those kinds of moves are my favorites.
This cave... It's so easy to get confused.Do you know where we are?
<var>, did you get to be so good because you're always with your Pokémon?Yes! That has to be it! I'm gonna try—like you!
Fantastic! Beautiful!
You need a bike to go out on Cycling Road!
Learn how to shift gears—you'll be able to ride anywhere!
Go through Mount Coronet from here, and you can get to Hearthome City. That's where they hold Super Contest Shows.You should try decorating your Ball Capsules with Stickers if you want your Pokémon to be named the star of the show!
Learn how to shift gears—you'll be able to ride anywhere!
<var>, long time no see!Oh? You look puzzled. You're wondering who I am.
I'm Professor Rowan's assistant and<var>'s father.I've come a long way at the behest of the professor to help you on your adventure.
<var>, let me ask you, how many Pokémon have you met?
<var>, long time no see!Oh? You look puzzled. You're wondering who I am.
I'm Professor Rowan's assistant and<var>'s father.I've come a long way at the behest of the professor to help you on your adventure.
<var>, let me ask you, how many Pokémon have you met?
Oh, my! You've met <var> Pokémon!Wonderful! Yes, bravo! Professor Rowan should be delighted!Here is something for you!
Also, a Pokémon you get in a trade may disobey you if it is too high in level.Don't worry, though. It will obey if you have enough Gym Badges.
You've met only <var> Pokémon?Hmm... You've got to find at least 35.If you can't, it will be tough to complete the Sinnoh Pokédex.
Route 206 Eterna City
Route 206 Oreburgh City
Hi, <var>! How's your Pokédex coming along?Me? I'm somewhere between fantastic and,uh, hopeless...
But this isn't about me! I've got something nice for you.<var>, choose which hand you want.
I see... You want the Vs. Seeker.I'm impressed, <var>. You know what's important.
Using that Vs. Seeker, you can find Trainers who want a rematch with you.
Oh, <var>, do you also have a Pokétch?Yup, you do. You can have this too, then.You deserve it for all your hard work, <var>.
The <var> is something you should touch often.It will tell you if there is an item on the ground that you can't see.
It will be especially useful inside dark caves.OK, let's keep working on our Pokédexes.Professor Rowan is counting on us!
Hey, <var>! How's your Pokédex coming along?Me? I'm doing great, as always... NOT!
But that's not important. Lately, I've been experimenting with a couple of neat tools.I'll share with you, <var>.Choose a hand!
Oh yeah. You want the Vs. Seeker.Yup, <var>, you know what's important.
Using that Vs. Seeker, you can find Trainers who want to battle with you again.
<var>, what about a Pokétch?Do you have one?Yup, you do. You can have this too, then.You deserve it for all of your effort, <var>.
The <var> is—well, just try using it.It'll alert you if there is an unseeable item on the ground.
It's especially handy for finding things in dark caves.OK, keep working on your Pokédex.Professor Rowan is counting on us!
That slope's too slippery. You'll need a bike to get up.You don't have a bike? There's a Cycle Shop in Eterna City.
If you change gears on your bike, you can shoot right up that slope.
Route 207 Mount Coronet
Route 207 Oreburgh City
Trainer Tips Pokémon may become immobilized if they are asleep or paralyzed.
If it happens to your Pokémon,it could be disastrous.If your opponent's Pokémon can't move,it's a big opportunity!
According to one theory, Mount Coronet is where the Sinnoh region began.
In a newly created world—a world where only time flowed and space expanded...There should have been no strife.
But what became of that world?Because the human spirit is weak and incomplete, strife has spread...This world is being ruined by it...
I find the state of things to be deplorable...
There appears to be a cave painting from an ancient time...
I'm hopelessly lost!Please don't pay attention to a lowly grunt without any Pokémon!
There's no way of getting to the peak of Mount Coronet from this side!Uh-oh... Was I supposed to go up from the Hearthome City side?I can't get up to the peak from the Eterna City side?
Something huge is going to happen, I think.Maybe. Right...?Don't meddle around! Of course, you're going to, aren't you? That's why the two of us will team up to take you down to the ground!
Something huge is going to happen, I think.Maybe. Right...?Don't meddle around! Of course, you're going to, aren't you?
That's why the two of us will team up to take you down to the ground!Oh, but you have only one Pokémon?Scram, then!
Well, that was just pathetic...We're just gonna let you pass so you can get pulverized by our bosses!
...
Now, all will end. And everything will begin.With this Red Chain, I will pry open the portal to another dimension.
I command that you unleash your power for me—Dialga, the mythical Pokémon, and the master of time!
...
Now, all will end. And everything will begin.With this Red Chain, I will pry open the portal to another dimension.
I command that you unleash your power for me—Palkia, the mythical Pokémon, and the master of space and dimensions!
This will bring about the destruction of all things.With everything gone, there will be no fighting and no strife.Can you feel time distorting? Only I can choose to stop it.
This will bring about the destruction of all things.With everything gone, there will be no fighting and no strife.Feel the dimensions distorting... Only I can stop it.
This is the mythical Pokémon that created Sinnoh!Dialga, the ancient deity of time!
This is the mythical Pokémon that created Sinnoh!Palkia, the ancient deity of space and the dimensions!
Gugyugubah!
Gagyagyaah!
This world cannot be molded into the ultimate world I seek!It's far easier to create an entirely new world than to change this one!A new world in which I am the ruler of all things!I shall become a deity!
There's no need to rush. I can understand you want to battle our boss real bad, but you'll have to go through me first.After all, you've made me look bad more times than I care to remember!
And I'll be next.You might be tough, but this time, the gloves are coming off!
Hold on one second!Don't you start the party without me!
Humph! Well, if it isn't the little boy who ran off crying at Lake Acuity!Did you get any tougher since then? We'll beat you two-on-two!
You don't think you can just run off now, do you?
Well, hotshot? Now what?
What's the matter? Don't tell me you're shaking?
Heh. My Pokémon are tough, right? I can get even tougher!
But, you know, that's it for us. We've hit the wall.<var>, I'll help you with this!
<var> fully healed<var>'s Pokémon!
Hey, <var>! This is it! It's your show now!
Oh! Dialga... This is—!
Oh! Palkia... This is—!
Wh-what?!
Piiih!
Piiih!
Piiih!
The Red Chain! It crumbled away to nothing?!But why?
Why would Mesprit, the Pokémon of Lake Verity,appear by your side?
But never mind that! It's all destroyed!My galaxy is gone! I won't allow this.
I will capture those three again and craft another Red Chain!But before I even think about that, I'm going to completely crush you!
What is truly the ultimate to you? What do you consider perfection?The most important thing... What shines the brightest...
Telling you is meaningless. But I will not give up.I will become a deity one day, and I will make the ultimate mine...
What is truly the ultimate to you? What do you consider perfection?The most beautiful thing... The joy that shines the brightest...
Telling you is meaningless. But I will not give up.I will become a deity one day, and I will make the ultimate mine...
Gugyugubah!
Gagyagyaah!
Dialga returned to the world from which it came...
Palkia returned to the world from which it came...
Dialga, the master of time... It's impossible to tell if it is enraged or saddened.
But to me, Dialga appears to be waiting for you, <var>.It seems to be challenging you as a test...
Go on, <var>. Face up to Dialga!Listen to its heart. Understand its thoughts.
Dialga is out of control after being dragged out by the Red Chain and forced to use its power.Dialga seems to be trusting you to stop it.
Palkia, the master of space and the dimensions...It's impossible to tell if it is enraged or saddened.
But to me, Palkia appears to be waiting for you, <var>.It seems to be challenging you as a test...
Go on, <var>. Face up to Palkia!Listen to its heart. Understand its thoughts.
Palkia is out of control after being dragged out by the Red Chain and forced to use its power.Palkia seems to be trusting you to stop it.
Go on, <var>. Face up to the Pokémon!Listen to its heart. Understand its thoughts.The mythical Pokémon seems to be trusting you to stop it...
<var>... I ran into <var> a little while ago.He said that he believed in you. He said that you could get the job done.
I feel the same way. Please help that Pokémon!It's suffering from being dragged out by Team Galactic!
<var>...I just ran into <var>.He said that he believed in you. He said that you could get the job done.
I think so, too. You've got to help that Pokémon!It's suffering from being dragged out by Team Galactic!
<var>! I don't know how you...You were magnificent. Truly, you were incredible.I've lived for sixty years, but I've never been thrilled like this!
Since the last time, the professor did a lot of research... He became very concerned about you, <var>, so he came out to a place as treacherous as this...
<var>, I'm so glad you're safe.Let's go home!
Since the last time, the professor did a lot of research... He became very worried about you,<var>, so he came out to a place as terrible as this...
<var>, I'm glad to see you're safe.Let's leave this place already!
No one has the right to take away anyone's future or anyone's world...
<var>, I'll be looking forward to seeing your Pokédex. Go places you've never visited before.That way, you should encounter Pokémon you haven't yet seen.
You know, that Pokémon really was extraordinary,wasn't it?Was it really the Pokémon that created the Sinnoh region...?
You know, that Pokémon really was extraordinary,wasn't it?Was it really the Pokémon that created the Sinnoh region...?






Don't say a word. Just take it.
Go to Route 209! Head to the Grand Underground! Listen to the stone pillar!Talk to spelunkers!
Route 208 Mount Coronet
Route 208 Hearthome City
Berry Master's House Free Berries Available
Trainer Tips After a Berry is planted, watch the color of the soil.If the soil is dark, it means it has plenty of moisture. If the soil is lighter in color, water it with your Sprayduck.
Everyone seems to call me the Berry Master.I hand out Berries daily because I want people to learn how wonderful they are.You're deserving of one!
Berries are gifts of nature. I encourage you to feed Berries to Pokémon. That will make Pokémon happy.Seeing that, people will be motivated to plant more Berries, and that will make Sinnoh a greener, more natural place.
Oh, thank goodness that you happened to be there! If it weren't for you, who knows how far away my Buneary could have run...
Baby Buneary, back into the Poké Ball you go!
I'm Keira! I'm a Super Contest Show judge.Please drop by the Contest Hall so I can thank you properly!
Oh, I'm so sorry! Please, excusez-moi.Are you entering a Super Contest Show?Ohoho... Enjoy yourself, please!
Incidentally, Fantina, the Hearthome Gym Leader, also happens to be a Super Contest Show expert.And you may ask yourself, how do I know this?Well, I am Fantina!
You may challenge me, but not yet! You must become much stronger. Then, you may challenge me!
Ta-daaa!Kept me waiting again, <var>!Let's see how much tougher you and I have gotten, right here and now!
Hey, you're a Trainer now. You're expected to be ready for a battle. No whining! No waiting!Let's get the show started!
Waaaagh! You KO'd my team again?! This messes up my dream of becoming the greatest Trainer ever...No! I just need to get tougher and keep winning.One day...
That's it! I'm going to challenge the Veilstone Gym next! See you around, <var>!You'll be blown away by how much tougher I'll be next time we meet!
You're kidding! They found an Egg at the Pokémon Nursery in Solaceon Town?
I hear they found Eggs in the Johto region, too.
I'm so glad to see you! You're not very easy to track down. My grandma told me about what took place in Celestic Town.Thanks for what you did by the ruins!
But that Team Galactic... I thought they were just a bunch of eccentrics.You know, talking about how they're going to make a new universe and all. And that weird way they dress, too. I thought they were harmless.
It appears as if they're a lot more trouble than I thought. I mean, stealing and hoarding Pokémon... That's just plain wrong.
By the way, did you find the ruins interesting at all? If you did, you may want to visit the library in Canalave City.They have some ancient books that you might find interesting.
It may also be of help to the completion of your Pokédex. I think you ought to go there.OK, bye-bye for now!
You're a Trainer, aren't you?You've got two choices of challenges, either the Gym or a Super Contest Show, right?
I was given a TM for Strength at the Lost Tower.The Lost Tower is on Route 209 on the way to Solaceon Town.
There are just so many Stickers to place on Ball Capsules.I can't decide what I should use.
I get to see Pokémon all day long, but there sure are many kinds. How many are there now?
I used a Water Stone on my Pokémon, and it evolved!
I'm visiting here all the way from the Hoenn region.
I had been hoping to find the Contest Hall, but being new, I lost my way. Fortunately, the local people very kindly led me to my destination.I was impressed by their kindness and generosity to a complete stranger.
Now, may I offer you the courtesy of showing you to the Contest Hall?
Ah. Please follow me.
This is the Contest Hall. Please, do go inside.
It makes me happy knowing I've helped another person.
Oh, I do apologize. I should mind my own business.
When I take my baby out in his stroller, I see the town in a different way.I notice things like stairs and bumps in the sidewalk.
Apapapu!
I went for a stroll in Amity Square with my Pachirisu today.We came across a cute Sticker while we walked.Do you think placing this on my Pachirisu's Ball Capsule will make my Pachirisu look even cuter?
Kyukyuuh!
Hi, hi. Do you want a Pokémon Egg?They found this at the Pokémon Nursery in Solaceon Town...Want to take it?
Here you go!
This is what I heard about Eggs...If you take that Egg and travel with energetic Pokémon, it'll hatch.I remember someone announced that...Professor Elm of Johto maybe?
Hold up. You don't seem to have enough room for the Egg.
All right, then. I'll just keep waiting for someone to take care of this Egg.Oh? Wait a minute. If I wait around, will the Egg hatch for me?
I can feel the baby stroller getting heavier each and every day.I wonder what kind of Pokémon my child will become friends with first?
Papa! Mama!
I lived in total seclusion up in the mountains for thirty years!I'm going to clean up at some Super Contest Shows with a dance move I came up with!
I'd like to live in Hearthome City when I get married. But my boyfriend wants to live in Veilstone 'cause of its department store...
Hearthome City Warm & Kind
Hearthome City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Fantina The Alluring, Soulful Dancer!
Contest Hall Calling All Enthusiasts!
Pokémon Fan Club All Trainers Welcome
Route 208 Route 212
Route 209 Solaceon Town
Amity Square West Gate Stroll with Your Pokémon!
Amity Square East Gate Stroll with Your Pokémon!
The Poffin House Delicious Poffins—Smiles for All
I'd like to buy the item Revive, but they won't sell it to someone with only two Gym Badges...
I've heard there are lots of Stickers to be found.Someone told me that you can find some in Amity Square.
Question: What is 3 plus 5 plus 7?Answer: ←2 ↑16 →15
Correct! Congratulations!
Hey there! How's it going, Trainer?You being here tells me you're going to challenge the Gym Leader.
Well... I hate to break it to you, but that's impossible.You're wondering why, and the answer is:she's not here.
Come back another time, OK? I'll be right here waiting.
So, where's the Gym Leader, you ask?I can't precisely say, but I have a hunch that she'll return one day...But only after you visit other places, I think.Hey, I'm sorry I'm not more useful. My advice-giving needs work...
Hey, there! How's it going, Champ-to-be?The Gym Leader here is a user of Ghost-type Pokémon.
Beware, Normal-type moves have no effect at all on Ghost-type Pokémon!It's as if they weren't there! But you'll have to see for yourself.Go get 'em, challenger! I believe in you!
Oh! <var>!You've beaten the Gym Leader!There seems to be no end to how tough you are getting! At least that's how I see it!...You do realize I say that to everyone, right?
Hearthome City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Fantina Certified Trainers: <var>
Hearthome City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Fantina Certified Trainers: <var><var>
Question: What is 12 plus 28?Answer: ←30 ↑40 →50
Correct! Congratulations!
Question: What is 3 times 13?Answer: ←39 ↑93 →33
Correct! Congratulations!
Question: What was the first room's answer?Answer: ←2 ↑16 →15
Correct! Congratulations!
Ohohoho!Finally, you have arrived!Since I came to this region, I always try to learn new things.
They hold contest shows in this city?I say to myself, enfin, I will excel.That is why I dress this way.C'est une performance!Also, I study Pokémon very much. I have come to be Gym Leader.
And, uh, so it shall be that you challenge me.But I shall win. That is what a Gym Leader does, non?
I am dumbfounded!So very, very strong! You, your Pokémon,so strong!Your power is admirable! I shall honor it with this Gym Badge!
You received the Relic Badge from Fantina!
That Badge will let you use the hidden move Surf from your Pokétch.Take these Technical Machines, too. I know you'll make good use of them.
Each <var>... It contains<var>.A very startling move, it is. Its hits turn critical often!
Five Gym Badges...But you must not forget this: there are many other Trainers.Strong Trainers, too. There are many more in Sinnoh.Have patience! You must become stronger,one at a time.
Hello, do you have a Poffin Case?If you haven't got one, you really must visit the Pokémon Fan Club.
They're saying that Gym Leader Fantina's not around.Heh! She must've heard I'm around and chickened out!
Yeah, so the Gym Leader came back, and I challenged her.She wiped the floor with us. I have to heal up my team now...
There are the Super Contest Shows! Then, we have Amity Square!We have visitors from all over, so we need to keep the city looking nice!
People all over the world follow Super Contest Shows.What should I do? I could captivate the whole world!
I have something for your Pokémon to hold.Take this <var>.
The Pokémon that's holding the <var> will regain HP a little by inflicting damage.It was given to me when I was on vacation, but I already had one.
Pippi!
Hello, hello! How, I say, do you do?I am the Pokémon Fan Club Chairman! Indeed,yes I am!
When you wish to treat your Pokémon to a treat,what, I say, do you do?If I may say so, and I will, I feed Poffins to my Pokémon!
And why, I say, would I do that?Because the giving of Poffins is a way of expressing your love!
For example! If I were to give a Sweet Poffin, the Pokémon eating it would become more cute!For example! A Spicy Poffin will add to the coolness of a Pokémon!
In such ways I say that Poffins have nothing but goodness for Pokémon!Therefore!I declare this Poffin Case to be a gift from me,to you!
I urge you to fill it with Poffins and be generous in dispensing them to your Pokémon!
Nationwide, there are other fan clubs, but we are number one!
And why are we number one? Because I brag more than anyone!But now I can't brag as much...People started complaining, so I've had to curtail my bragging...
Welcome to the Pokémon Fan Club!Oh, your <var>...
It simply adores you! Why, I feel like I'm intruding!
It's very friendly toward you. I can tell you treat it kindly.
It's quite friendly to you. It must be happy being with you.
It's warming up to you. That's my impression.
It's feeling neutral toward you. It's up to you to change that.
Hmm... It seems to dislike you a little.
Oh, my... I think this one really hasn't taken too kindly to you.
Gua gwah?!
Kukuuh.
Pip piiih!
In Amity Square, you may go for a stroll with a cute Pokémon.
My Pikachu seems delighted to be out of its Poké Ball for a walk outside.I can tell because its cheeks are twitching like crazy!
Pikappi!
You can take a cute Pokémon out for a stroll in Amity Square.
I'm appalled! They refused entry to my Pokémon!Oh, my poor Gyarados and Steelix!
Hearthome City is a great place.Every year, it gets voted the most desirable place to live in Sinnoh.
If you say Hearthome City, I only say this:Super Contest Shows!I'm going to enter my darling Pokémon in them!
Pippii?!
There's a wrecked stone pillar up ahead.I wonder what it is. It's got me very curious.
The Super Contest Shows are interesting, but the ruins of Solaceon Town are as well...
As a cameraman, it makes me happy to see all the Pokémon involved in Super Contest Shows.
I traveled a long way to take part in these Super Contest Shows.
I've given my Pokémon lots of Poffins.I'm confident that we'll win our share of Super Contest Shows.
Well, now, you're a Trainer? That makes you both papa and mama to your Pokémon.
You know how having Pokémon around leads to new discoveries?It's the same for parents and kids. I'm always learning from my kids.
Kuufu fuu!
Babies and Pokémon get along perfectly together.When babies take naps, Pokémon go to sleep right next to them.
When I get bigger, I'm going to be a Trainer, too!
When I grow up, I want to become a Pokémon coordinator.
My sisters get all the attention. No one even notices me.
Oh, wow, you're a Pokémon Trainer.Having lots of Pokémon around is a lot of responsibility.But that also comes with a lot of fun!
It's the creation of a new galaxy! My new world!
Pikapii?
All my grandchildren are clamoring for Pokémon of their own.It may be tricky to manage it, but it will brighten up the mood more.
Oh, no, there are no stairs in this house.It's easier that way.The lack of stairs makes it easy for the little Pokémon to get about.
A world in which people are compassionate to others...That's all that matters to me.
Hearthome is a kid-friendly city, they say, but I disagree.Hearthome City is friendly to kids, grown-ups,and Pokémon, too.
Hiya!Oh, I've seen you somewhere before! Where was it again? Hold on, it'll come to me...Oh yeah! You're the one who was battling those scary looking guys in Jubilife City!I was really curious about you after that, so I went ahead and did a little research.
And then... Surprise, surprise! Turns out you're connected to the famous Professor Rowan?And you've been goin' around defeating Gym Leaders, too? I seriously thought my eyes were gonna pop out of my head!
Oh, sorry! There I go running my mouth again!It's me, Bebe! You remember me, don't you?
My buddy Bill developed the basic storage system. I just tinkered with it here and there to make it easier to use.Anyway, now that you're here in Hearthome City,how 'bout trying out a Super Contest Show?Just be sure to use those Stickers of yours.Don't you dare forget!
Hiya! Been a long time!How's it going? Using the PC Boxes?Oh? Now lookie here, that's a National Pokédex I'm seeing. Good for you!
You'll be using my Boxes like crazy if you're using that now.Well, I always thought a good Trainer ought to juggle Boxes smartly, though I shouldn't be the one to say so.
Oh yeah, do you want a Pokémon called Eevee?
So, do you want the Eevee that I've got?
Here you go! Now, you be good to it.
You obtained <var><var>!
Would you like to give a nickname to the Eevee that Bebe gave you?
Here you go!Wait, I can't do that! You've completely filled up those Pokémon Boxes I made!I know it's sad, but you need to go let one of your Pokémon go and then come back!
Oh, OK...Guess I'll have to raise it myself.
That Eevee I gave you, I got it from a good mate in Johto.Who knows how many Eevee he's raised over the years.
Hi! Let's get cooking!Here's my advice on cooking tasty Poffins for your Pokémon crew!In the beginning, while it's still a batter, swirl it gently and avoid spillage.
When it starts to harden, churn it fast in big circles!At the end, make a wish for it to turn scrumptious and whirl it!
Have you got some Berries?To make delicious Poffins, the key ingredient is a rare Berry.Also, Poffins will come out yummy if you cook Berries as quickly as possible, but still slowly enough that you don't spill the batter.
Eating good food makes people and Pokémon more energetic and happy.In that sense, we're exactly alike.
Oh! My hero!
Oh, hi, <var>.
Wait! No! Really?! Johanna is your mom?So you might be a Super Contest Show star?!
Oh, I don't know about that.I've never spoken to <var> about Super Contest Shows.I'm surprised you two know each other, though.
I'm a show judge, so come join us for all kinds of fun. If you're unsure of yourself, we also offer practice sessions.
OK, Johanna, I'll see you!
Were you surprised to see me,<var>?I got bored, so I came out to Hearthome for a little vacation.I'm just as surprised to see you here, my dear!
But are you serious about entering Super Contest Shows? Not dressed that way!It's your Pokémon's time to shine, so you shouldn't just be dressed your usual way.Put this on for a little glamour.
You obtained a tuxedo!
You obtained a dress!
I'm sure it will look good on you. After all, I chose it.Go enjoy the Super Contest Shows, honey!Shows will give you a different look at the many charms of Pokémon.It should be an eye-opening experience for you.Bye now!
You're going to enter Super Contest Shows?But I don't see a Poffin Case.It could be tough for you to win in contest shows without one.
But if you're determined to enter, don't let me stop you.It wouldn't hurt to get in some practice at the counter on the right.
You're going to enter Super Contest Shows?And, yup, you have a Poffin Case.Let me gift you with this fabulously wonderful Poffin!
You received a Mild Poffin!
You put away the Mild Poffin in the Poffin Case.
Feed that Poffin to a Pokémon you're going to enter in contest shows.
Oh, and a word of advice. Go take a run at the contest shows!However, the best way to get ready is to get some practice first.You can take practice sessions at the counter on the right.
Feed that Poffin to a Pokémon you're going to enter in contest shows.
Oh, and a word of advice for you. Go take a run at the contest shows!However, the best way to get ready is to get some practice first.You can take practice sessions at the counter on the right.
Like everything else, the basics are important.It takes practice to win Super Contest Shows!
Oh, no. Your Poffin Case's full.
Oh, no. Your Poffin Case is full.I'll give it to you another time.
Oh, and a word of advice. Go take a run at the contest shows!However, the best way to get ready is to get some practice first.You can take practice sessions at the counter on the right.
A Pokémon fed Poffins does better in Visual Evaluations.I'd better learn how to cook delicious Poffins at the Poffin House!
Hello! I'm with Jubilife TV!Was this your first Super Contest Show?Did you have fun?
I may ask you to let us closely cover your story in the future.Oh, please take this!
Things that people think are fun spread quickly.Good luck and take care!Let me interview you again sometime!
Super Contest Shows are great!Seriously, Super Contest Shows are great!
It's a frame to display a photo in.
Every Super Contest Show has three parts:Visual! Dance! And a Contest Move!Each contestant will be graded in those categories, dohoho!
If your Pokémon is selected as the Star of the Show, they'll put up its photo!
You have a great bike, so I'd like to give you these great Stickers!
Giving a Rare Candy to a Pokémon will instantly increase that Pokémon's level by one.You can raise your weak Pokémon, or you could train your strong Pokémon. Use them as you like.
At a contest show, you gotta pull off a cool Contest Move. Then you'll rack up a lot of hearts from the audience!If you and the other contestants show your moves off back to back, you'll score bonus points! Cool!
And there do I see my father. My son. My life.
And there do I see nature. Pokémon. The world.
The art of crafting things fatigues one's spirit.When the spirit is healed, the desire to make something returns.It is such a wondrous cycle.
When people and Pokémon join hands,everyone's happy.It makes everyone come together. It could even make the world one!
That people are lonely is only natural. It gives me compassion for others.It's what makes me look forward to a better tomorrow.
But there are still moments of fondness for the past. Time can heal some sadness, though...
There are still words that not everyone can describe... The words are "love" and "joy."
Pokémon... People... It's only natural that we are all so very different.Make sure that you never judge a Pokémon based on whether it's weak or strong.You must always look for the good inside of them. That's what counts!
In Amity Square, you may go for a stroll with a cute Pokémon.
The Pokémon you can go for a stroll with are Pikachu, Clefairy, Jigglypuff, Psyduck, Torchic,Turtwig, Grotle, Torterra, Chimchar, Monferno,Infernape, Piplup, Prinplup, Empoleon, Pachirisu,Drifloon, Buneary, and Happiny.Please do come back with one!
In Amity Square, you may go for a stroll with a cute Pokémon.
The Pokémon you can go for a stroll with are Pikachu, Clefairy, Jigglypuff, Psyduck, Eevee,Vaporeon, Jolteon, Flareon, Espeon, Umbreon,Torchic, Shroomish, Skitty, Turtwig, Grotle,Torterra, Chimchar, Monferno, Infernape, Piplup,Prinplup, Empoleon, Pachirisu, Drifloon, Buneary,Happiny, Leafeon, and Glaceon.Please do come back with one!
OK. Please come again!
Please do enjoy your time with <var>,just the two of you! OK?
Oh? Then you would rather go for a stroll with your <var>?
I see. Please come back if you happen to have a change of heart. OK?
Are you feeling refreshed? Please come again! OK?
Your <var> looks quite pleased following you around. It really is adorable!
The owner of Amity Square? I'm sure the owner is somewhere on the grounds.Seeing Trainers with their Pokémon makes our owner happy.
You may find useful items on the ground.They're quite small, however.Your Pokémon may also find items. You should try talking to your Pokémon every so often. OK?
Are you enjoying your stroll?You should try talking to your Pokémon.It will be happy you did.
It makes me happy seeing all the cute Pokémon and their kind Trainers.
You may spend all the time you like in Amity Square. OK?
<var> is happily keeping up.
<var> appears to be very happy.
<var> appears to be feeling good.
<var> is looking endearingly at you.
<var> is picking at the ground for some reason...
<var> almost tripped!
<var> is skipping happily.
<var> seems to be so happy it can't keep still.
<var> seems to be enjoying the walk.
Oh? <var> is holding something!
<var> is facing this way intently!
<var> couldn't look happier!
<var> is beaming with joy!
<var> looks very satisfied!
<var> is engrossed in playing with dirt!
<var> is feeling a nice breeze!
<var> is basking in nature, using all of its senses!
<var> is playing so hard that it seems to have forgotten about the time!
<var> looks like it's about to break out in song!
<var> is sniffing around the square!
<var> is moving energetically!
<var> is facing this way,looking happy.
<var> is curious about the surrounding trees.
<var> is checking out the texture of the ground!
<var> is energetically jumping about!
<var> took a really deep breath!
<var> is happy!
<var> looks like it's feeling light!
<var> is vaguely interested in the clouds.
<var> is a little bit excited!
<var> looks a bit happy!
<var> inhaled slowly.
<var> is lying down on its back!
<var> is chilling out, enjoying its surroundings.
<var> is thinking about something.
<var> looks interested in the swaying flowers.
<var> looks relaxed.
<var> is fidgeting.
<var> is monitoring its surroundings.
<var> is moving slowly.
<var> looks confused.
<var> is facing this way motionlessly.
<var> looks a bit lonely...
<var> looks sleepy.
<var> is following you slowly.
<var> is thinking about its next meal.
<var> is feeling jittery.
<var> looks restless.
<var> is motionless.
<var> is nervous.
<var> feels uneasy.
<var> seems to want to be alone.
<var> looks very anxious.
<var> curled up in a ball.
<var> wants somebody's attention...
Those are ruins from a time long, long ago.
Foon!
I come here with my Happiny every single day!I can let it run free without any worries at all.
Happiny appears to be drowsy.
Ooh, I just can't believe it! I'm so overjoyed with my Pikachu! Wherever I go, my Pikachu follows me without hesitation!Ahaha! It's just the two of us! Woohoo!
Pikka pika!
You should talk to your Pokémon.It can occasionally find things.
There is something shiny in Clefairy's hands...
Where departed Pokémon sleep...This is the Lost Tower.
There is a broken, crumbling tower made of stone...
There is a broken, crumbling tower made of stone...There seems to be a spot that would be a perfect fit for the Odd Keystone.Would you like to use the Odd Keystone?
<var> pushed the Odd Keystone into the stone tower.The stone tower has been restored!"Hallowed Tower" is written on it.
It's the Hallowed Tower. It appears to have been built many years ago.
It's the Hallowed Tower. Its stones appear to have shifted...
It's the Hallowed Tower. ...Is that crying coming from inside the tower?
It's the Hallowed Tower. ...Is the tower shaking ever so slightly?
It's the Hallowed Tower. There is some sort of presence... It appears ready to emerge!
Yulaaah!
Hmm! <var><var> is really good!Wouldn't you agree?
Hmm! We're of identical minds! Take this<var>, hmm!
Try fishing wherever there is a body of water.Oh, incidentally, do you need me to explain how to use that fishing rod?
You don't like to fish?
First, you face a body of water. Then, you use your fishing rod.Next, you must focus. If a Pokémon bites,an "!" appears. That's your cue to reel it in!
When you're fishing for Pokémon, the first hurdle is getting a bite.After you reel the Pokémon in, you've got to battle it. So, fishing gives you double the fun!
Do you jog every morning, too?
When I was jogging the other day, a wild Pokémon came after me.I ran so fast, I was on top of the waves, I swear.
Route 209 Hearthome City
Route 209 Solaceon Town
Trainer Tips You may register Key Items in your Bag to shortcut buttons for instant use.Simply press the corresponding button to use the registered item instantly.
The Lost Tower is where the spirits of departed Pokémon are put to rest.
Those that enjoyed long lives...Those whose times were short...All the departed Pokémon shall find solace here.It is good of you to have visited. Here, take these Technical Machines.
To use that hidden move Strength in the field...I've forgotten where exactly, but you must visit a Pokémon Gym.
Have you met Fantina? She's a hard one to get a read on, but she is the compassionate sort...You know, she's a regular visitor here.
Let me make your journey out of this place less frightening. Take this.
The Cleanse Tag... Let the first Pokémon in your team hold it.It will help keep wild Pokémon away so you can leave unhindered.
I'm the Pokémon Nursery Man. We look after the precious Pokémon of other Trainers.If you'd like us to take care of your Pokémon,have a word with my wife.
Ah, it's you! We were taking care of your Pokémon, and my goodness, were we surprised!Your Pokémon was holding an Egg!
We don't know how it got there, but your Pokémon had it.You do want it, don't you?
Ah, it's you! Good to see you.Your <var>'s doing just fine.
Well then, I'll hang on to it. Thanks!
Your team and all your PC Boxes are full.Come back when you've made room.
You received the Egg from the Pokémon Nursery Man.
You take good care of it.
If you want to pick up your Pokémon,have a word with my wife.
Ah, it's you! Good to see you!Your <var> and <var> are doing just fine.
I really will keep it. You do want this Egg, yes?
The two seem to get along very well.
The two seem to get along.
The two don't seem to like each other much.
The two prefer to play with other Pokémon more than with each other.
I'm the Pokémon Nursery Lady. We can take care of up to two Pokémon for you.Would you like us to take care of your Pokémon?
Which Pokémon should we take care of for you?
Fine, we'll take care of your <var> for a while.Come back for it later.
Ah, there you are! My husband was looking for you.
Oh. Fine, then. Come again.
You don't have enough money...
Do you want to take back the other one, too?
Come again.
Ah, it's you! Good to see you. Now, about your Pokémon...
Your team and all your PC Boxes are full.Come back when you've made room.
Excellent! Here's your Pokémon.
You took <var> back from the Pokémon Nursery Lady.
Oh? You can't leave your Pokémon because you don't have enough Pokémon with you.
Do you want your Pokémon back?
Fine, we'll take care of your <var> for a while.Come back for it later.
I'm the Pokémon Nursery Lady. How can I help?
Is there anything you need?
It'll cost 1,000 to leave two Pokémon.
It'll cost 500 to leave one Pokémon.
That will be an additional 500.
OK. I'll take good care of your <var> and <var>.Come back for them later.
Just a moment. I'll go get your <var>.
Breathing in this refreshing air...It even perks up Pokémon! That's why I'm out here.
Howdy, traveling Trainer. There's no Gym in this town. You'll be wanting Veilstone or Pastoria.
Howdy, traveling Trainer. Take it easy, slow,and casual.
When I grow up, I want to work for the Pokémon Nursery!
Every Sunday, I visit the Lost Tower...
There used to be nothing here but a road that went straight through.Over time, Pokémon and people just gathered,and the town came to be.
A traveling Trainer, huh?Tell me—how many kinds of Pokémon have you met so far?
If you're a competent Trainer, I'd think you'd've met at least 50.If you haven't, you ought to go farther abroad and look harder.
Your encounters with Pokémon can be considered your shared history.
This here's a Pokétch app called Pokémon History. Use it to see your history of Pokémon catches.
You have your history, and every Pokémon has their own history. When the two collide, new drama is born.
Solaceon Town Free of Worry!
Pokémon Nursery Let Us Take Care of Your Pokémon
Pokémon News Press Wanted: Pro Pokémon Catcher!
I want to decorate my Ball Capsules, but I can't buy any Stickers here.
If you use a Repel, it keeps weak Pokémon away from you.It's useful if you need to get somewhere in a hurry.
I read somewhere that Pokémon grow at different rates.
It's a fair distance from Solaceon Town to Veilstone City. I suppose you can rest at the café,but that place...
Are you a fan of the couple at the Pokémon Nursery like me?I got hold of something quite useful.
It's the latest Pokétch app from the Pokétch Company.What's more, they developed it in collaboration with the Pokémon Nursery.Since you're a fellow fan of the Pokémon Nursery, I'm compelled to share this!
With that Egg Monitor, you can check on the Pokémon that you've left with the couple at the Pokémon Nursery.But I haven't been able to leave my Pokémon...So here I stay...
Miraculous finds—Pokémon Eggs.Heart-to-heart at the Pokémon Nursery.
Your Pokémon has <var><var> Nature?Did you know that a Pokémon's Nature determines how it will grow?
There's always been lots of Pokémon in this area,even in the olden days.They say there were big Pokémon ranches round these parts.
Oh? Welcome!You saw the notice outside about us hiring, right?
Is that a Pokédex there? Then you must know Professor Rowan!You're just the Pokémon-searching expert we've been looking for!
Here you are! Good! We've got a deadline to meet. Here's your assignment.
I want you to bring me <var><var>.You must bring it today, or we're not gonna be able to run our main article.
Remember, it has to be today—before the date rolls over!
What's up? Did you bring us the Pokémon we needed?
Oh! Ohh! Ohhh! That's it! <var>!Thanks! Let me get a closer look!
...I see, hmhm... Right, right... That's it!Thank you! I can write a great article now!
This is for your trouble. It's not much, but thanks!
You really came through for us! I hope you'll help us again tomorrow!
Whoops! What's all this? Your Bag is stuffed full.I'll hold on to these until next time.
Oh, there you are! Here's your reward for the last assignment! It's not much, but thanks!
What's wrong? You still haven't caught the<var> we need?We're counting on you to come through for us!Bring us the <var> before the date rolls over!
Now, now! You failed to bring me the Pokémon I asked for...Things like that can happen, but we need you to come up big for us!
OK! I'll crank out a riveting story based on this!Oh, right! I'll have another assignment for you tomorrow!
The Sinnoh region's newspaper is tiny, but it has many fans. That newspaper is printed right here!
"Weekly Poké Ball Roundup" is the top story.It's a feature article on new types of Poké Balls.
Which article would you like to read?
Dark caves and streets unlit at night are forbidding places to go.If you're threatened by the dark, a supply of Dusk Balls is your biggest ally!
Use them in the dark for the best Pokémon-catching performance!Keep the dark at bay on your travels with Dusk Balls!
Catching Pokémon is best accomplished by whittling the target's HP down as low as possible,then throwing a Poké Ball.
But a Pokémon caught like that probably shouldn't be used in battle right away.That's where the Heal Ball comes in handy.
It doesn't matter if you lower the target's HP bar to red, put the target to sleep, or paralyze it—the Heal Ball will instantly heal whatever ails the Pokémon it catches!That's the Pokémon-friendly Heal Ball! Please,do give it a try!
When attempting to catch a Pokémon, you want to cut the target's HP.But a fleet-footed Pokémon could bolt if you take too much time.
The Quick Ball is the solution to that dilemma.
It's designed to work best when thrown right at the start of battle! The Quick Ball: the perfect gift for the impatient Trainer!
Every so often, Eggs will be found at the Pokémon Nursery.And they're found without anyone knowing how they got there. Is someone leaving them there?
They say no one has ever seen a Pokémon actually lay an Egg.So, it hasn't been proven that Pokémon actually lay Eggs.
I'm researching Unown!Unown has a lot of different forms.Fascinating, isn't it?I'd love for you to show me Unown, if you've got any.
Wow! I've never seen that form of<var> before!Please take this Ball Capsule as my thanks.
Wow! I've never seen <var> in that form!Thank you! If you happen to find a different form, please show it to me.
Oh, you've already shown me <var> in that form.If you find a different form, please show it to me.
Wow! That's the last form of <var> that I hadn't seen.It must've taken a lot of work to find all those.Thank you so much!This last Ball Capsule is yours now.
The world of Unown is very deep. I wonder why...
My son just loves those nearby ruins.
If you don't mind, can you show him the Pokémon you catch in the ruins?
?!
TOP RIGHT LOWER LEFT TOP RIGHT TOP LEFT TOP LEFT LOWER LEFT
FRIENDSHIP ALL LIVES TOUCH OTHER LIVES TO CREATE SOMETHING ANEW AND ALIVE
There's something really weird about these ruins.That's why I like coming here, but then again...Come to my house later. I'll give you a Ball Capsule so you can place Stickers on it.
The Psyduck are standing firm. They aren't inclined to move at all.
The Psyduck are standing firm. They aren't inclined to move at all.Would you like to use the Secret Medicine?
You used the Secret Medicine!The Psyduck appear to be cured of their chronic headaches!
Oh good. You used the Secret Medicine I gave you.
Psyduck are known to suffer from chronic headaches.But no one's been able to figure out what triggers the headaches.
Oh, yes! Can I ask you a big favor?
I want you to deliver this Old Charm to my grandma in Celestic Town.I know there are some rare Pokémon between here and Celestic Town, so it will be worth your while to go.
My grandma has this sort of bossy air about her.I think you'll recognize her right away.
Yes, I'm sure you will. She's the elder of Celestic Town.
As for the location... Look on your Town Map.You can't miss it.OK, I'm counting on you! See you again down the road!
I know I'm asking a big favor of you.But I really want you to do it. Will you go to Celestic Town for me?
I'm taking a rest. If I were a bird Pokémon, it would be a roost. Haha!Uh... You should rest up, too.
If they had to keep flying forever, bird Pokémon would eventually crash.
I'm going to keep running. Just as long as there's a road...
Café Cabin Farm Fresh Milk
Route 210 Solaceon Town
Howdy, traveler!Some of our customers are rowdy types that want to battle. But pay it no mind and stay awhile.
How are ya doing? Whatcha having? Course, all we ever have is Moomoo Milk.Moomoo Milk, 500. Want a bottle?
Here's your Moomoo Milk. Enjoy.
Oh! Your Bag's full, sweetie.
Oh! You don't have the money, sweetie.
All right, then.I should tell you, it's not that we can only get Moomoo Milk. No. We choose to serve only Moomoo Milk. We're very particular about it.
Youngster, you've seen the Psyduck huddled outside? Psyduck are Pokémon that suffer from chronic headaches...I'm afraid we'll have to wait for them to get better.
Well, well! So I hear you've relieved the Psyduck of their headaches.The person who gave you the Secret Medicine must be quite the Trainer!
If I could use the hidden move Defog, I'd clear up the weather in two flaps of a Staravia's wings.How does Defog work, you ask? Bird Pokémon flap their wings to blow the fog away.
Route 210 Celestic Town
Grandma Wilma's House
Hohoho... They call me Grandma Wilma.I came out here by myself from a town of Dragon Tamers.
I can teach the strongest of all Dragon-type moves to the tough Pokémon of Sinnoh.
Would you like me to teach that move to one of your Pokémon?
Ah, it is you again...Would you like me to teach the best Dragon-type move I know to one of your Pokémon?
Well, perhaps if you change your mind, do come back.
I see... I like your sense of adventure.However, none of your Pokémon can learn the move.
Fine, fine. Now pick the Pokémon I should teach the move to.
Sorry to disappoint you...You have a Pokémon that can learn this move, but it hasn't come to trust you fully yet.
Until then, I can't make it learn this move.
Sorry to disappoint you... That Pokémon can't learn this move.
Hmmmm...Teaching a move to an Egg is a challenge that's beyond me.
Oh? That Pokémon already knows<var>.
Draco Meteor's destructive power is awe-inspiring.However, using this move will also lower your Pokémon's Sp. Atk.
I wanted to go to Celestic Town, but there are some Pokémon in the way.
There was a group of Pokémon blocking the way up to Celestic Town. I think they're gone now.
Welcome. This is Team Galactic Headqu—I'm sorry. This is the Galactic Veilstone Building.
Cosmic energy for the win!Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could harness that boundless energy?
Welcome. This is Team Galactic Headqu—I'm sorry. This is the Galactic Veilstone Building.
We have no public events planned at this time.
Team Galactic conducts research around the clock here. We focus on the development of new energy resources.
This is where we, Team Galactic, work. What are we supposed to do?I'm not sure how, but we're supposed to chase our dream—our dream of making a wonderful new world!
We, Team Galactic, will take everything that can be taken! We will eliminate everything that is not needed!That is Team Galactic's policy!
We, Team Galactic, will take everything that can be taken! We will eliminate everything that is not needed!
That is Team Galactic's policy!At least, it used to be... There's nothing left now.
You're too young for us... You can join us when you're older.
I wonder where our boss went.
So, it's you...I've heard about you and what took place at the Spear Pillar.
What our boss really wanted... Even I don't know that.
His confident manner of speaking...His logical words...I think people just became so enthralled by him.
I allowed myself to believe his words because I wanted to see the world he intended to make.
I've been left in charge of headquarters and the remnants of the membership.The decision of what Team Galactic should do rests with me.But I've learned that extremism is never the solution...
The door is locked. A special key is needed.
The door is locked. A special key is needed.Would you like to use the Galactic Key?
The door opened.
The Team Galactic credo! Everything belongs to Team Galactic!Look beyond the world—space will become Team Galactic's!
It's a bed. Would you like to take a rest?
You quickly fell asleep in the bed...
You and your Pokémon became fully healed from the rest!
Team Galactic Nap Room Ensure the bed is unoccupied before getting into it!
Team Galactic TV Room State-of-the-art audio and video system for member use only!Onward to a new universe! Team Galactic!
The Team Galactic credo! Everything belongs to Team Galactic!Look beyond the world—space will become Team Galactic's!
There is a notice tacked onto the kitchen sink."Health and prosperity through the partaking of favorite foods!"Foul, unidentifiable substances are caked around the sink.
There is a notice taped onto the refrigerator."Drink all you wish, and gain the energy to move us forward!"The refrigerator is filled with murky, sinister drinks and nothing else.
The locked doors only open with a special key.Now, if I was a comedy relief sort of bad guy,I'd tell you where the key is...But I really don't know!
The door is locked. A special key is needed.
The door is locked. A special key is needed.Would you like to use the Galactic Key?
The door opened.
The Team Galactic credo! Everything belongs to Team Galactic!Look beyond the world—space will become Team Galactic's!
I see. You must be the Trainer I've been hearing about.The foolhardy one that's trying to stand up to Team Galactic.
Although I'd hardly expected to see that the Trainer is a mere child.I'd heard that our commanders had a rough time with you.
I know why you're here. I can sense it in you.It's about Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf, correct?You want to save them.
I no longer have any need for them. I am finished with them.If your heart aches to save them, go right ahead.I could care less.It will save me the trouble of disposing of them.
But I must say...you are a remarkable specimen.Those Pokémon have nothing to do with you, do they not?But still you came to rescue them out of pity?Such pitifully useless emotions... It's illogical and irrational.Pity and compassion are products of the weak and lacking human heart.You were compelled to come here by such vacuous sentimentality!I will make you regret paying heed to your heart!
I see. You are indeed strong.And the basis of your power is your compassion toward Pokémon.
How wasteful... Such emotions are but mere illusions.And, like all illusions, they fade over time until death banishes them forever.
That is why I have abandoned all emotions as useless sentimentality.But that doesn't matter. I doubt you will ever understand my position.
That said, I recognize that you are strong and courageous to come alone. This is your reward.
The Master Ball is the ultimate Poké Ball.It will unfailingly catch any Pokémon in the wild.
But it is not anything that I require.Unlike you Trainers, I do not make Pokémon my friends or partners.
Unlike other Team Galactic members, I don't use Pokémon as tools.Instead, I make the power of Pokémon my own.
If you wish to save the Pokémon from the lakes,take the warp panel ahead.
I am off to Mount Coronet.
That's correct. Mount Coronet, where you and I first met.I will ascend the mountain to its peak and then put an end to everything.No. I will bring about a new beginning for everything...
The door is locked. A special key is needed.
The door is locked. A special key is needed.Would you like to use the Galactic Key?
The door opened.
Team Galactic Warp Panels!The green warp panel returns you to the ground floor.Onward to a new universe!—Team Galactic
Team Galactic Report
Which report would you like to read?
Some say the universe originated from a massive explosion.Similarly, Sinnoh is thought to have been formed by an explosion in ancient times.
Needless to say, the explosion came from the power of a Pokémon.The Pokémon must have been the mythical creature considered a deity by the ancients.
Our aim is not to capture the mythical Pokémon but to obtain its power...The PC entry ends there.
The mythical Pokémon...According to myths, the Pokémon created Sinnoh with its power.
However, capturing the Pokémon with a Poké Ball prevents it from using its full power.
But with the Red Chain, the Pokémon can be shackled, and its power can be used without restraint...
The PC entry ends there.
The Red Chain...The Pokémon of the three lakes and Mount Coronet are somehow connected.
Capturing the Pokémon of the lakes will free the Pokémon of Mount Coronet.
From the Pokémon of the lakes, crystals can be extracted to create a Red Chain.Using that Red Chain, the mythical Pokémon can be summoned and shackled to do as we command.
The PC entry ends there.
I'm a Team Galactic member—but I don't even have a Pokémon!I'm the gruntiest of the grunts!It's my fault, though. I still don't know how the warp panels connect.
Team Galactic will set free all Pokémon—all of nature!Uwahahaha! Team Galactic will then own it all!
I've been with Team Galactic for five years.I haven't gotten a promotion yet.
The door is locked. A special key is needed.
The door is locked. A special key is needed.Would you like to use the Galactic Key?
The door opened.
You...you came all the way here just to save some Pokémon?Though it's nothing new, I can't say I understand our boss.
Why would he let a kid like you come and go freely?We, Team Galactic, take all that we need and eliminate what we do not.
But anyway, you've taken the trouble to come.Let me welcome you!Consider it payback for your insulting me at the lake.
Gah! What makes you so tough?Fine... Do whatever you want with those three Pokémon.Press the button on that machine to set them free.
Press the button and set them free. Isn't that why you came?
Our boss crafted a Red Chain from crystals he took from the three Pokémon.
That Red Chain is what he needed to shackle something on Mount Coronet.
But that's all I know. Who knows what he's planning to do up there.
Press the button and set them free. Isn't that why you came?
Would you like to press the button and set the Pokémon free?
You pressed the button and set the Pokémon free.
The button has been pressed already. You have to leave.
Uxie is sealed inside! It appears to be suffering,with eyes squeezed shut.
Mesprit is sealed inside! It seems to be suffering,with its tails twitching.
Azelf is sealed inside! It appears to be suffering,with wracking shudders.
It's Team Galactic's sinister machine. Uxie had been sealed inside it.
It's Team Galactic's sinister machine. Mesprit had been sealed inside it.
It's Team Galactic's sinister machine. Azelf had been sealed inside it.
I cooperated with Team Galactic, but this experiment has gone too far.
I can't say anything in our defense.But that thing we made... What is it going to be used for?
There is something suspended in a green fluid...
Route 211 Mount Coronet
Route 211 Eterna City
I'm strong!I'm strong!I'm strong!I'm strong!I'm strong!I'm strong!I'm strong!I'm strong!Am I really?No, I am strong!I'm strong!OK! I'm all good to go!
Wah! You startled me good!I think you'll understand what I was doing when you see the move contained in these TMs.
Let me explain how that move works without getting too technical.Let's say your opponent raises its Defense using Harden.Your Pokémon can use Psych Up to get the same Defense boost as its opponent.Basically, your Pokémon gets the same status boosts as its target.
Route 211 Mount Coronet
Trainer Tips Even Veterans can get lost inside of Mount Coronet.Trainers should check their supply of medicine and items before trying to venture through.
Route 211 Celestic Town
Do unto others as they do unto you...Yup, it's Payback!It's good for Pokémon battles, but if you do that in real life...There'll be no end to the fighting—that's for sure.
Use it after the opponent, and its power gets doubled!
Jogging is good for you, but you have to make sure you're not overdoing it!
I slow down and stop at times, sure. I'm only human, after all.
Celestic Town Solaceon Town
Route 215 Veilstone City
Trainer Tips Pokémon attacks are classified as being either physical or special.
A physical attack is based on the Attack stat of the Pokémon.Likewise, a special attack is based on the Sp. Atk stat.
Hello, I'm pleased to meet you.I'm Maylene, and I'm the Gym Leader.
I don't really know what it means to be strong or how I got to be the Gym Leader.
But I will do the best I can as the Gym Leader.I take battling very seriously.Whenever you're ready!
OK, you win.That was a tough loss. I learned a lot from it.Please, accept this Gym Badge.
You received the Cobble Badge from Maylene.
Um... I should explain about that Badge.If you have that official Pokémon League Badge,you can use the hidden move Fly from your Pokétch.Oh, and please take these as well.
Each <var> contains the move<var>.Um... That move inflicts damage, and it robs the target's HP.
Gee, I'm hungry...Oh, sorry, it's nothing. I didn't say anything.
<var>, I can't explain what it means to be strong, or how much effort goes into it...
But being with Pokémon lets us keep making the effort, doesn't it?
Hey there! How's it going, Champ-to-be?The Gym Leader uses Fighting-type Pokémon.She'd be a terror against Normal-type Pokémon.
But! And it's a big but!Just between you and me...Maylene, the Gym Leader, said Flying-, Psychic-,and Fairy-type Pokémon could be real trouble for her!
Oh! <var>!You've beaten the Gym Leader!Of course, I thought you'd win.
Veilstone City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Maylene Certified Trainers: <var>
Veilstone City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Maylene Certified Trainers: <var><var>
If you use the hidden move Fly, you'll be instantly whisked to any town you've visited before.
Maylene, the Gym Leader, is a real cutie!But don't let that fool you—even grown-ups have trouble with her.
I enjoy internetting with my grandkids at the same time every day.
Welcome to the fabulous Veilstone Department Store.
This department store knows how to ensure customer satisfaction.They really look after you once you become a regular customer.
I like the formal air of a luxury department store.
Discover a new you!Veilstone Department Store
This is the first floor.1F: Trainers' Zone 2F: Battle Collection 3F: TM Corner 4F: Pedestal Floor 5F: Rooftop Plaza
Hello. May I help you with anything?
Hello, <var>.May I help you with anything?
Please enjoy yourself.
Would you care for a bottle of Protein?It's a drink that boosts the base points of a Pokémon's Attack stat.
May I suggest a bottle of Carbos?It's a drink that boosts the base points of a Pokémon's Speed stat.
If you need to make sure that your Pokémon's attacks hit hard, then Dire Hit is for you.
If your Pokémon has trouble landing attacks,try treating it to an X Accuracy.
Where can I find a dress that looks great in a Super Contest Show?
I'm going to give an HP Up to my Kricketot.This is going to raise its base HP, huh?
We're giving away a Pokétch app for free as a promotion.I can give you the Counter app over the counter.Would you like it?
OK, here's the app. Now go forth and count!
I hope you're using that Counter app I gave you.
You're not interested? Please come back if you change your mind.
This is the second floor.1F: Trainers' Zone 2F: Battle Collection 3F: TM Corner 4F: Pedestal Floor 5F: Rooftop Plaza
Hello. May I help you with anything?
Hello, <var>.May I help you with anything?
Please enjoy yourself.
False Swipe makes wild Pokémon easier to catch.Many customers have confided that to me recently.
For Fire-type Pokémon, may I suggest Fire Blast?
The move Protect is the perfect solution for dodging attacks. Please be aware that repeated use can result in failure.
When it is raining, the accuracy of Thunder becomes precise. Please do be careful about the weather.
A friend traded me a Machoke using a communication feature.But instead of a Machoke, I got a different Pokémon!
This is the third floor.1F: Trainers' Zone 2F: Battle Collection 3F: TM Corner 4F: Pedestal Floor 5F: Rooftop Plaza
Hello. May I help you with anything?
Hello, <var>.May I help you with anything?
Please enjoy yourself.
We can keep two of your Pokémon. Would you like to leave another?
Huh? Now, now...If you leave that Pokémon with me, you'll be left with just one. You will be better off if you catch some more, if I do say so myself.
Sturdy Pedestals are very popular because they're evocative of mountains.
Let me think... Clear Pedestals have been a hot seller recently.
If you encounter a wild Pokémon, chuck a Quick Ball right off the bat!If it's taking a long time to catch, the situation calls for a Timer Ball!
That boy doesn't have any Pokémon, but he says he's training his image!
This is the fourth floor.1F: Trainers' Zone 2F: Battle Collection 3F: TM Corner 4F: Pedestal Floor 5F: Rooftop Plaza
I've had enough of shopping for a while. I'll grab a drink and unwind a bit.
I've shopped here loyally for years. Now they consider me a regular! Ha!
Ah, young Pokémon Trainer—As your senior in life, let me make a gift of this Sticky Barb!
That Sticky Barb is a held item.If the Pokémon holding it is hit with a physical move, the Sticky Barb sticks to the opposing Pokémon and inflicts damage!
Two buff guys standing side by side. That's all.
This is the fifth floor.1F: Trainers' Zone 2F: Battle Collection 3F: TM Corner 4F: Pedestal Floor 5F: Rooftop Plaza
It's a vending machine.Which drink would you like?
*clang*<var><var> dropped down.
*clang*Bonus! Another <var> dropped down.
But you don't have enough money!
Yeah, you weren't thirsty anyway.
Hello. Thank you for shopping with us today.To which floor may I take you?
I look forward to serving you again.
Certainly. Elevator going up.
Certainly. Elevator going down.
Sorry, we are already on that floor.
Ground floor: medicine and items for all your adventuring needs.
Second floor: useful items for Pokémon battles.
Third floor: Technical Machines for powering up your Pokémon.
Fourth floor: pedestals for avid decorators.
Fifth floor: the rooftop plaza, where you can stop for a refreshing break from shopping.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! What have we here?You are so not Team Galactic! And you're a little kid to boot!
Those things we made with the energy we took from the Valley Windworks are already in Pastoria City.Huh? That's not what this is about?
Whoa, whoa, whoa! What have we here?You are so not Team Galactic! And you're a little kid to boot!
Ummm... Are you maybe a visitor?If you're a visitor, you can get to our HQ by taking those stairs.Huh? That's not what this is about?
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hold it there!Do you have the key?
I don't know if you do or not, but a Storage Key is safe with our guard in front of the HQ.Huh? That's not what this is about?
Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's going on here?All my fellow Team Galactic members have disappeared!
But nobody relieved me from guarding the warehouse, so I'm staying put!Huh? That's not what this is about?
The rust-encrusted door is locked. It appears to take a special key to open.
The rust-encrusted door is locked. It appears to take a special key to open.Would you like to use the Storage Key?
You inserted and turned the Storage Key.The rusty door creaked open!...but the Storage Key snapped off inside the keyhole.
There are many magicians in the world.You know, the performance artists?Don't you think, that maybe, say, five percent are actually psychics?
A myth says that Mount Coronet parted Sinnoh into halves.Seeing the Pokémon Shellos makes me think that maybe the myth is real.
If there are people who desire to see them,Pokémon will appear in many different guises.
Nii nii!
Team Galactic's building bugs me. I can't sleep with it looming over me...
Those thorny things on the building... Are they supposed to be fashionable?
Oh, looking a little tired?Hm? No, not you—I meant your Pokémon.If you'd like, I can give a massage to a Pokémon.Would you like that?
Which one needs a little love?
Oh! Hey, I'm not doing anything shady...
*giggle* Let's get started.OK, sweetie, just relax...
<var> looks dreamily contented...
Drop by again tomorrow if you'd like.
That's silly!I'd break that Egg if I tried to massage it!
When I was massaging your Pokémon,I found this.
Oh? You want me to show you how to massage Pokémon?Tehehe...It's a secret, of course!Come back again tomorrow!
My sister's boyfriend is the Scarf Guy in Pastoria City.They take strolls together with their Pokémon.Those two are really close.
Pachi chiii!
Hi, <var>! Please, can you help me?I dropped my Pokédex by accident, and Team Galactic took it.
Now they won't give it back.I really need your help. I'll be waiting in front of the warehouse—please come!
Hey! <var>! Listen, I need your help—I dropped my Pokédex by accident, and Team Galactic took it.
Now they won't give it back. Please, I need you to help me.I'll be waiting in front of the warehouse.Please come!
<var>, are you going to take the Gym challenge?Gee, you keep getting tougher and tougher,don't you?
Me? Well, I went shopping at the department store, and—I mean, well, of course I've been working on my Pokédex, but, uh, well...I'll catch you later!
Hey! <var>, are you going to take on the Gym Leader?Wow, you just keep getting tougher and tougher.
Me? Well, I took a look in the department store,and—I mean, yeah, of course I've been working on my Pokédex, but, well, uh...Anyways, keep it up! I'll see you around!
Hey, you! Yeah, you!This is Team Galactic's warehouse! It ain't no playground for kids!
Hey, you! Yeah, you!This is Team Galactic's warehouse! It ain't no playground for kids!
This is the awesome Team Galactic's awesome warehouse! A little kid like you should be playing at the Pokémon Gym.After all, the Gym Leader happens to be a kid just like you!
What? Now you've brought your buddy along so you can get your Pokédex back?We'll be just as happy to send both of you crying home to your mommies!
You're trying to get the Pokédex back from us?Not when we, Team Galactic, can make so much better use of it!But, OK, guarding the warehouse does get boring! We'll take you on two-on-two!
Aww, that stinks! Our Pokémon are weak!We should get new ones from headquarters.
Humph!Who cares about some Pokédex anyways?Team Galactic is going to own all the Pokémon in the world—no, in the universe!
There! Take it! Take your Pokédex!
Those things we had in the warehouse have already been moved to Pastoria City anyway.So, we'll say "You'll get yours!" and run like the grunts we are.
Hi, <var>! Please, can you help me?I dropped my Pokédex by accident, and Team Galactic found it. Now they won't give it back.Please, I need your help. Team up and battle with me!
You and your Pokémon together with me and my Pokémon...United like this, our dream team has no chance of losing!I'm not letting Team Galactic get away with this!
I'll be waiting. Please get ready and come quickly.
What's going on? Why is Team Galactic out in the streets like they own the place?
<var>, thank you, sincerely.If Professor Rowan ever finds out that I lost my Pokédex...Ewww... I don't want to think about it.
So, <var>, what are you going to do now?I'm thinking of going to Pastoria City.The Great Marsh there is home to many kinds of Pokémon.
Hey! <var>! Listen, I need your help...I dropped my Pokédex by accident, and Team Galactic found it.Now they won't give it back. Please, I need you to help me.Will you team up with me to take them on?
You and your Pokémon together with me and my Pokémon...Our dream team's not going to lose. Not with the way we work together!I'm not letting those criminals get away with this!
I'll be waiting! Get ready and come quick!
What's going on here? Why is Team Galactic out in the streets like they own the place?
<var>, thanks, honestly.If Professor Rowan ever hears that I lost my Pokédex...Oh, man, that's something I do not want to think about!
So, <var>, what are your plans now?I'm going off to Pastoria City. The Great Marsh there has all kinds of Pokémon.
There! Would you look at those antennae?I don't know what they do, but those are some mighty impressive antennae!
Hey! It's you!I bet you don't remember me, but I sure remember you!
Because of you, they took my Clefairy away...My partner called it quits and went back to his hometown...I don't know anything about any Storage Key!
We have the Technical Machine that teaches Fly stored in the warehouse.They said I can use it if I show them that I deserve it.
Yeah, Team Galactic is hiding all sorts of good stuff in their warehouse.I hear they even have a Technical Machine for the move Fly in there!
Clefa.
Maylene is Veilstone's Gym Leader.Wake's the Gym Leader in Pastoria.Then there's Fantina in Hearthome...They're all way too tough. I can't even come close to them.
I came to this city just so I could go shopping at the department store.But with all these rock walls around, this place feels kind of cold.
I bought a new parasol. But I don't want it to get rained on, so I watch the TV weather reports.
Veilstone is the city of stone. We even have meteorites!
Veilstone is the city of stone. We even have meteorites!This has nothing to do with anything, but take these Technical Machines!
If a Pokémon uses Nasty Plot, the Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat sharply increases!Anyway, enjoy your visit to Veilstone, the city of...well, stone.
It's a mysterious meteorite that fell from the stars...
Touching the meteorite boosted the Speed of a certain Pokémon.
Touching the meteorite heightened the defensive capabilities of a certain Pokémon.
Touching the meteorite heightened the offensive capabilities of a certain Pokémon.
Touching the meteorite balanced out the attributes of a certain Pokémon.
Veilstone City Hewn from Rock
Veilstone City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Maylene The Barefoot, Fighting Genius!
Galactic Warehouse NO TRESPASSING!
Galactic Veilstone Building We Dream of the Universe!
Veilstone Department Store A Shop Full of Dreams!
Metronome Style Shop Your Dream Style, Any Time!
Visit Beautiful Lake Valor!Right off Route 214!
Route 214 Veilstone City
Route 214 Lake Valor
Are you going to take Route 214? You're serious, aren't you?It's too badly chewed up, and there's nothing to see there.
Are you going to take Route 214? You're serious, aren't you?It's too badly chewed up, and there's nothing to see there.Well, I guess there is that Ruin Maniac guy you could check out.That guy's been digging his way through the bedrock all by himself.
That Ruin Maniac! It takes effort and dedication to do what he did!
Everyone calls me a Ruin Maniac. I don't care what they call me.I'll just keep on chipping away at the rock wall little by little.
Do you know why? I'm a Ruin Maniac who is fascinated by the Unown.I know it's a little sudden, but how about you and me have a race?
You go and catch the Unown, and I'll keep digging away.We'll have a race to see who can get done faster.
Everyone calls me a Ruin Maniac. I don't care what they call me.I'll just keep on chipping away at the rock wall little by little.
Do you know why? I'm a Ruin Maniac who is fascinated by the Unown.
Well, I need to bear down and dig through the bedrock now.I want to search out some rare Unown. It's going to be messy. You'd better go outside.
Everyone calls me a Ruin Maniac. Or they used to call me that.Now they call me the Digging Maniac.I'll just go on chipping away at the rock wall a little at a time.
Do you know why? I'm a Ruin Maniac who is fascinated by the Unown and who also loves to dig!
Everyone calls me a Ruin Maniac. Or they used to call me that.Now they call me the Digging Maniac.I'll just go on chipping away at the rock wall a little at a time.
Do you know why? I'm a Ruin Maniac who also loves to dig!
I need to bear down and pound my way through the bedrock now.I think I'm getting close to some exciting and mysterious Unown.It's going to be messy. You'd better go outside.
Wow... My digging punched me through to this weird place.I'd say you can thank me for being a Ruin Maniac!
*pant*Why am I running like this anyway?!
That new universe the boss was talking about...It's giving me goose bumps thinking about it.So, we use this...
Gweh! You were eavesdropping! I was only talking to myself!You're persistent, too... I'm pooped out from all the running...But, I'm not...going to battle you.
Aww, no! You're still on my tail? The lake's within sight.You leave me no choice... My Pokémon will knock you out.
I can't battle anymore. I'm running on fumes...I'll have to give this to the commander.I wish I got to use it at the lake...
Oh, hello, long time no see! How is your Pokédex filling up?I came to research the folklore about the lake, but...Well, it doesn't appear as if the lake is open to the public now.
Have you heard the folklore about it?They say there is an island inside the lake, and that a mysterious Pokémon resides there.
No one must enter the chamber of that Pokémon...Sorry to change the subject, but have you seen the group of Psyduck on Route 210?
Yes, that's right. By the café on Route 210.You've seen that group of Psyduck huddled with their heads in their, uh, hands...?
You haven't seen them? By the café on Route 210.There's a group of Psyduck huddled with their heads in their, uh, hands...?
Anyway, what you should do is use this medicine on the Psyduck.You're working on a Pokédex, so it would be worthwhile for you.
I went on a big adventure with a Pokédex when I was younger.It may help you uncover the secret behind the mysterious Pokémon you're searching for.I hope you get to meet every kind of Pokémon there is to see.See you later!
We've been asked to keep everyone out of the lake area.Reason? I'm not too sure, but apparently to protect the lake.
To protect the lake... It's nice to know there are still people worth admiring like that.I believe his name was Cyrus?
Stop, stop! Yes, you!Sunyshore City, which is down this road, had a major blackout!Crews are working on restoring power, but the road's closed now.
Stop, stop! Yes, you!Sunyshore City, which is down this road, had a major blackout!Crews are working on restoring power, but the road's closed now.
What am I to do? I've gone and dropped my Suite Key somewhere again...The hotel people won't be happy with me...I'm sure I had it when I left the reception counter earlier...
What am I to do? I've gone and dropped my Suite Key somewhere again...Oh! That's my Suite Key!You found it for me? Oh, that's sweet of you!Thank you!
Seven Stars Restaurant More Flavor Than You Can Wish For
At our restaurant, you can enjoy more than just exquisite dining.You may also partake in battles. Bon appetit!
I am so sorry. We are now closed. Please do visit while we are open.
Thanks for helping me out. Here's something for your trouble!
I get careless with the Suite Key when I get caught up in the scenery on my walks.
Ciao! I'm a game director!You're working on filling a Pokédex, aren't you?
It's awesome that you're going to meet lots of Pokémon.Come show me your Pokédex when you've filled it with tons of entries!
Ciao! I'm a game director!
Your Pokédex is looking great!You've already met every Pokémon there is to meet in this region.I'm really impressed! Let me give you an award!
Ciao! I'm a game director!You've finally collected all the Pokémon in the world!Your Pokédex is completed!
That's outstanding work! The effort you went through getting this Pokédex together...It's fantastic! Totally cool! Thank you very much!Please allow GAME FREAK to honor you with an award!
How did you meet all the Pokémon that filled your Pokédex?
Did you work long and hard to catch and raise them?Did you receive them as gifts from friends?Maybe you got some in trades from around the world?
Though everyone's Pokédexes may look the same, the stories they contain are all unique.
Grr... The package hasn't arrived from the Veilstone warehouse yet...
I have to wait here until then? I'm going batty from this wait...Oh, man, I wish I could do something that involved lots of explosives!Yup, this is going to be a smashing job for Team Galactic...
Grr... This is so annoying...What is it? Oh, some kid with only three Gym Badges.Little twerps like you should know to stay out of Team Galactic's way!
Now, this package from Veilstone...Where should I set it off?Yup, this is going to be a smashing job for Team Galactic...
Hahah! The package finally came from the Veilstone warehouse!So, now it's my job to deliver this to the lake!
This is an important mission. No failure allowed!No making boo-boos like wandering off into the Great Marsh!
You were eavesdropping! I was just talking loudly to myself!If I wasn't in a hurry, I'd pulverize you with my Pokémon!
But I have to get on my way to the lake ASAP!So you're lucky! I'm out!Oh, and listen up, you! Don't you dare follow me!
Gweh! Persistent pest!If our plan works, our boss's dream comes closer to fruition!Our boss's ideal world is going to be created!
So, I'm not going to waste my time on a nobody like you!I'm telling you now, don't you come chasing after me!
Whoops! Hehehe! I'm not always going to plow into you every time we meet!
So how's it going, <var>? Buffing up your Pokémon, eh?I'll test you and your Pokémon out to see how buff and tough you are!
Heh, yeah, maybe you did get a bit tougher since last time.That even shocked me a bit, so yeah, I got beat'cause I was careless.
So, hey, what was that Team Galactic guy all freaking out about?I don't know what he's up to, but you should chase him down!
If you're not a Pokémon, and you run like that...You're a bad guy.All right, <var>! Next time, I'm not holding back!
Heh, yeah, maybe you did get a bit tougher since last time.That even shocked me a bit, so yeah, I got beat'cause I was careless.
So, hey, what were you doing with Team Galactic?You should spend your time with your Pokémon instead of wasting it on them.
Besides, you haven't got this city's Gym Badge yet, right?All right, <var>! Next time, I'm not holding back!
Here where I am standing, I'm smack-dab in the middle of town.
I study rare Pokémon that appear only in the Great Marsh.
Some Trainers deliberately prevent their Pokémon from evolving.They wait until the Pokémon levels up and learns certain moves.
I'm visiting the area because I wanted to see the Great Marsh. I'm staying at the lakeside hotel.
Pastoria's Gym Leader is like...breathtaking...in a weird way.It's hard to explain. You'll know what I mean, though.
Wasn't the Pastoria Gym Leader kind of breathtaking in a weird way?But don't judge him by the way he looks and acts.I hear he uses the prize money to help people and Pokémon in trouble.
The Great Marsh keeps the weather cool in the summertime.This is a good town for Water-type Pokémon.
Fiiih?!
Someone gave me a Berry, so I planted it and grew some more. Then, I took the Berries and cooked them into Poffins.All the work is worth it when I see how happy Poffins make my Pokémon!
Someone in the Great Marsh offered me a Technical Machine containing a hidden move,but I declined.I don't need it 'cause the Gym Leader will use Defog for us if we ever need it in this city.
Have you been to the Pokémon Mansion?The owner, Mr. Backlot, likes to brag about his rare Pokémon.
Pastoria City Great Marsh
Pastoria City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Crasher Wake The Torrential Masked Master!
Pastoria Great Marsh Observatory Gate
Try the Safari Game in Pastoria's Great Marsh!
The Pokémon Croagunk is the city's official mascot. Croagunk sure is purdy—we're hopin'it'll get popular 'round the world.
Put Stickers on the Ball Capsule, then put it on a Poké Ball... And done! Another Poké Ball made by me! It's one of a kind!
It's a wood carving of the Pokémon Croagunk.Even though it's made of wood, it looks like it's seeping poison...
Welcome! I don't get challenged very often!The glory you are now beholding is the Pastoria Gym Leader! That's right, I'm Crasher Wake!
My Pokémon were toughened up by stormy white waters! They'll take everything you can throw at them and then pull you under!Victory will be ours! Come on, let's get it done!
It seems the undertow pulled me under...But I had a great time battling with you!You've earned this!
You received the Fen Badge from Wake!
You need that Fen Badge to use the hidden move Defog from your Pokétch.
These are a special reward from me in recognition of your team's power.
Those <var> each contain the move <var>.
It inflicts double the damage on targets with less than half their HP left.Use it to end battles decisively!
The styles of battling and winning are as widely varied as Trainers are.
Do you want to know how I battle?I battle so I can say I had fun at the end,whether I win or lose!
The Gym Leader Wake—uh, I mean Crasher Wake—is a master of Water-type Pokémon.
I'd say you've got guts if you try to face down Water types with Fire- or Ground-type Pokémon!
But that part I'll leave up to you! Go and have some good battles!
Oh, <var>! You've beaten the Gym Leader!
So, how was it? Did you enjoy your battle against Wake—I mean Crasher Wake?
Sure, winning is important, but don't forget to have fun, too!
I think Wake—I mean Crasher Wake—showed you what I mean by fun.
Pastoria City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Crasher Wake Certified Trainers: <var>
Pastoria City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Crasher Wake Certified Trainers: <var><var>
The Great Marsh is vast! How vast is it, you ask?Take a look from the Observatory and you can see for yourself!
Pastoria's Great Marsh was once a part of the sea. The seawater drained away over time,leaving the huge marshland.That's why they say there are rare Pokémon that you can only see here.
I derive so much pleasure from record mixing with others...It shows me that I'm not alone. It heartens me a great deal.
Welcome to the Great Marsh, the home of Pastoria's Safari Game!All you can catch for just 500!Would you like to play a Safari Game?
That will be 500, please.
Here are your Safari Balls.
You received 30 Safari Balls.
We'll let you know when your game is over.Until then, enjoy yourself, please! Off you go on your wild excursion!
You don't have enough money. Sorry.
I'm sorry, but you don't have enough room to catch any more Pokémon.Please manage the Pokémon in your party or in Pokémon Boxes to make room, then try again!
You still have time left. Are you sure you want to exit the Great Marsh?
OK. I'll relieve you of your remaining Safari Balls.Thank you for playing.We hope to see you again.
Welcome to the Great Marsh! Is this your first Safari Game?
When you enter the Great Marsh, you receive 30 Safari Balls. That's the only kind of ball you're allowed to use in the Safari Game.
The game is over when you run out of Safari Balls or when you've walked 500 steps.Please do enjoy the untamed nature of the Great Marsh!
I see. Enjoy your Safari Game!
It's a pair of binoculars. Put 100 in it?
You don't have enough money...
Tell me I'm not imagining this...The Great Marsh's Pokémon seem to be different from the ones yesterday.
Use a pair of binoculars to look out over the Great Marsh. You can see what kinds of Pokémon can be caught and where they are.
There are shuttle trains in the marsh called Quick Trams. You should take those if you're going to a deeper area in the marsh.
When you're walking on the bog, you sometimes sink right in... I get so flustered trying to get out,I have no luck catching anything.
I've been hiking all around the Sinnoh region.I love planting Berries wherever I go.I'll give you a Berry, too. Please plant it somewhere.
Planting Berries is good for Pokémon. It provides them with more things to eat in the wild.
My sister gathers Berries every day! Please come visit again!We cook the Berries, too! We mix them up!They're yummy!
Hmmm... Burmy are an interesting example.They hint at how the environment can shape people's personalities.
You know about Burmy and how they come in different forms?Do you have all forms of that there Burmy?
Aww, you don't even have a single Burmy? You don't like 'em? They're kind of mooshy and cute!
Hmm... It'd be cool if you had all the different-looking Burmy.
Cool! That's all the different kinds of Burmy!I feel giddy!Since I feel so giddy, take this! Go ahead, take it!
Whoops, your Bag is crammed full! I'll give this to you later.
You're good! You'd make an awesome Bug Maniac!
Everyone calls me the Pokémon Move Maniac.I prefer Move Tutor.I know every move that Pokémon learn while they're leveling up, and I can teach Pokémon those moves.
I can teach a move to a Pokémon of yours if you'd like. I'll do it if you'll trade me a Heart Scale.
Oh! That's it! That's an honest-to-goodness Heart Scale! Let me guess—you want me to teach one of your Pokémon a move?
If any of your Pokémon needs to learn a move,come back with a Heart Scale.
Which Pokémon needs tutoring?
Which move should I teach?
Sorry... There isn't any move I can teach that Pokémon.
Huh? Don't you think it'd be tough for an Egg to learn a move?
You handed over <var><var> in exchange.
Thank you very much for giving me so many Heart Scales!To show my gratitude, I'll start teaching moves to your Pokémon for free—no Heart Scales required!
Do you want me to teach your Pokémon a move?
Come back when you want me to teach a move to your Pokémon.
In the Great Marsh, they use Quick Trams on rails for transportation. They prevent damage to the Great Marsh's ecosystem.
Gwah?!
Howdy, there! Let me examine your Pokémon to see if it's worthy of a scarf!
Hmhm... I see...
This isn't what I had hoped to see... I can't lie to you, so I'll just have to tell it to you straight.This Pokémon's not bad, but it's not good, either.It's just so-so.
If you want to improve this one's conditions,feed it some more Poffins!
Your Pokémon is growing up really good.My hat's off to you.I was going to give you a scarf, but your Bag's full.
Your <var>'s looking good!I'd say it's pretty impressive!Tell you what, I'll give you this <var>!
The Red Scarf stands for passion!Let a Pokémon hold it to give it an edge in Coolness Contests.
The Blue Scarf represents the vastness of the sea!Let a Pokémon hold it to give it an edge in Beauty Contests.
The Pink Scarf represents charm!Let a Pokémon hold it to give it an edge in Cuteness Contests.
The Green Scarf represents the spring breeze!Let a Pokémon hold it to give it an edge in Cleverness Contests.
The Yellow Scarf stands for determination!Let a Pokémon hold it to give it an edge in Toughness Contests.
I'm out of scarves to give you!I'm out of things to say, too!
My brother's girlfriend is the Massage Girl in Veilstone City.They take strolls with their Pokémon whenever they get together. It really helps them stay close!
Suuu pasuu!
Ding-dong! Time's up! Your Safari Game is over.
Ding-dong! You've run out of Safari Balls.Your Safari Game is over.
Ding-dong! You're out of room for more Pokémon. Your Safari Game is over!
Where would you like to go?
You didn't board the Quick Tram.
Would you like to exit the Great Marsh right now?
Go upstairs to the Observatory before you start your Safari Game.Check the marsh with the binoculars to see where the Pokémon you want happen to be.That's how you win!
Great Marsh Area 1
I think the Pokémon you find here are different over time.
Great Marsh Area 2
Throwing food at Pokémon makes it easier to catch them, but while eating it, they are likely to bolt.
Throwing mud at a Pokémon makes it harder to catch, but it'll also get angry and become less likely to bolt.Urgh, what to do...?
Great Marsh Area 3
When you're walking on boggy parts, sometimes you get sucked down.Getting free of the bog takes time, which is a luxury in a Safari Game.
Great Marsh Area 4
Quick, quick, out in the sticks.To and fro we go, we're quick! ♪ If you're thinking about going deep into the marsh, I recommend you take the Great Marsh Quick Trams.
Great Marsh Area 5
I found these during the Safari Game.Each of these TMs contains Defog, but none of of my Pokémon can learn that move.You'd be doing me a favor if you took these.
It'd be good if we could set up signs or markers for the Safari Game.
Great Marsh Area 6
The owner of Amity Square also owns the Pokémon Mansion!
Among the trees that you can smear with Honey,there are lucky trees and not-so-lucky trees.If you want to lure rare Pokémon, you have to find lucky trees.
Why, hello there!It's always nice when a Trainer stops and says hi to us police officers!
Patrols day and night... I'm feeling drowsy...*yawn*
Hi! Hanging in there, Trainer?
Just between you and me, all this patrolling can get pretty demanding.
Route 212 Hearthome City
Pokémon Mansion For Pokémon Viewings
Trainer Tips The items in the Bag can be reorganized by pressing the X Button and sorting them in various orders.
Mr. Backlot is the master of this house. This is his office.
This is the way out to the trophy garden.The garden is open for all visitors to enjoy.However, please beware—wild Pokémon may appear in the garden.
I'm so sorry... Everything beyond this point is secret and off-limits.
I'm so sorry. Everything beyond this point is strictly off-limits.
You know how you can catch Pokémon in the trophy garden?If you put this on a caught Pokémon, it warms up to you faster. I'll share one with you, so give it a try.
I hope you become a Trainer that Pokémon can love and trust.
I'm not loafing off. I'm just taking a personal break.
Hello, hello! Welcome to my opulent mansion!
Er-hem!There's a lot for me to be proud of inside and outside of this home...But what makes me the most proud is my trophy garden in the back!
Why bother traveling afar when Pokémon are attracted by my garden? They come to me!You're welcome to join them and marvel at my garden!
I've been always proud of my trophy garden,but to be able to brag about it even more, I've upgraded it!
That means there are way more Pokémon you've never seen before, such as this Pokémon and that Pokémon!
Er-hem!There's a lot for me to be proud of inside and outside of this home...But what makes me the most proud is my trophy garden in the back!It's all right for you to go there...
But ideally, my prized garden would be visited by only very strong Trainers.
Er-hem!There's a lot for me to be proud of inside and outside of this home...But what makes me the most proud is my trophy garden in the back!
Why bother traveling afar when Pokémon are attracted by my garden? They come to me!Well, doesn't that make you envious? You are envious, yes?
I know you're really envious... You're not fooling anyone...
Muhohoho... I bet you are! I knew you would be!But I don't mind! I enjoy sharing my stories with you!
So! When I go out into my prized garden,Pokémon come running to me.They sidle up, happy as they can be, to see me!
Well? Doesn't that make you envious? You are envious, yes?
Muhohoho... I bet you are! I knew you would be!But I don't mind! I enjoy sharing my stories with you!
So! This is what happened this morning when I went into my trophy garden.I noticed a cute-eyed <var>, which joyously ran over to me.The <var> ran up and gave me a smooch on my cheek...
M-Master! Th-that Pokémon you mentioned...It doesn't exist in the garden...
Wha—?Erm... Wh-what are you saying? I'm no blowhard!Listen...*mutter mutter* *whisper whisper*
Yes, Master! Right away, sir!
...It's true, I tell you! No lies ever leave these lips!There really are cute <var> in my trophy garden! Honest truth!
Master is a truly wonderful and generous person!It's on his orders that the garden, his pride and joy, is open to all, even Trainers.
Master actually quite enjoys showing his prized garden to strong Trainers.
Master took a stroll in his trophy garden today,like usual.
Did you see them? There were some<var>, weren't there?But that's only to be expected. It's Master's trophy garden.
How do you find it? Master's upgraded trophy garden, I mean.
You did notice the influx of quite rare Pokémon, yes?But that's only to be expected. It's Master's trophy garden.
You may look, but please refrain from touching this Pokémon statue.
I'm very sorry. But please refrain from touching this statue.
It's a very expensive-looking Pokémon statue...Oh! You got fingerprints on it...
It's a very expensive-looking book on Pokémon.
I saw people riding their bikes and using a log just like a bridge.
...Am I stuck in the bog?Of course not. How silly! This is a full-body mudpack. If it weren't, I would be squirming and struggling to get out!
I caught a rare Pokémon in Pastoria's Great Marsh.You definitely have to go. I recommend it without hesitation.
We're on constant patrol. Even at night, it's safe around here.
Route 212 Pastoria City
Shards Wanted Technical Machines Offered
Trainer Tips If you get stuck in the bog, you can count on being there awhile.
There's no need to panic. Just struggle and keep trying to move around for a bit.Bicycles cannot be ridden on marshy ground, incidentally.
My big sister collects shards. She says they remind her of the place she worked at long ago.
If you find 10 shards of the same color, please let me know.I would gladly trade you a Technical Machine for them.
Do you have shards?Would you like to trade them for TMs?
For your 10 Red Shards, you get this<var> <var>.
For your 10 Blue Shards, you get this<var> <var>.
For your 10 Yellow Shards, you get this<var> <var>.
For your 10 Green Shards, you get this<var> <var>.
*giggle*Please come again.
I'm sorry, but it looks like you can't carry any more than you have now.
Red Shards: Sunny Day Blue Shards: Rain Dance Yellow Shards: Sandstorm Green Shards: Hail— The Weather Institute
We needed the energy from the Valley Windworks to make this...It would take a scientific genius to make something like this...Therefore, our boss, who made this, is a scientific genius!
Graw! You were eavesdropping! I was just thinking out loud!You're a persistent pest... I'm getting tired of running away...But I'm not going to waste my energy knocking you around...
There's a fancy hotel in a fancy place with a fancy restaurant.The fancy restaurant's filled with fancy people who think of themselves as being too fancy to battle alone.
I'd rather be in a pool than the sea.The salty tang of the sea tastes like my tears after a hard day at work...
There's something on top of this big cliff here!My instincts tell me that, but how am I supposed to climb up?
Route 213 Pastoria City
Hotel Grand Lake Another World on Lake Valor
Dr. Footstep's House Footprints Reveal All
Footprints are left in the sand when you walk on a beach.Pokémon seem to enjoy leaving footprints as much as people.
It's a long way from Veilstone. I'm exhausted...
Pokémon are quite easy for me to read.I need only to see their footprints, and their innermost thoughts are revealed to me!
Oh? You are skeptical of my claim?Then, let your <var> walk in front of me, right here.From its footprints, I will determine how it feels about you.
Do you want to check the feelings of your Pokémon again?Then let your <var> walk in front of me, right here.From its footprints, I will determine how it feels about you.
And that is what your <var> thinks of you.
Hmmm... <var> doesn't leave any footprints.It's somewhat difficult for me to determine what its thoughts are.
Hmm... <var> happens to be quite the silent type!
And that is what your <var> thinks of you.I must say, your <var> and you share a very close bond. This is for you.
Hmmm... <var> doesn't leave any footprints.It's somewhat difficult for me to determine what its thoughts are.
However, your <var> and you obviously share a close bond. This is for you.
Hmm... <var> happens to be quite the silent type!However, your <var> and you obviously share a close bond. This is for you.
You received the Footprint Ribbon.
You put the Footprint Ribbon on <var>.
Aww... <var> only plays with other Pokémon... I feel neglected...Maybe <var> doesn't like me very much?I will try harder for <var>. Please be nicer to me!
Others say there are people who aren't very nice to Pokémon.I wonder about <var>...Will <var> look after me nicely?Will I get to go all over with this Trainer?Can we be...friends?
This adventure with <var> is lots of fun.I get to go places where I can't go by myself.I get to battle Pokémon I've never ever seen before.I'm gonna get stronger and stronger for <var>!
<var> and I make a perfectly matched combo!I've seen all sorts of people so far...But <var> understands my feelings most!I'm a little hungry... You can tell, right?
If I said there can be friendship between Pokémon and people, would my friends understand?But if you see <var> and me, you will understand.Because <var> and I are friends!
I'm bored... Play with me more, more...<var>, let's play nicer...
Gonna go with <var> all over the place...Be nice to me... Warm and cuddly...
I get strong, make <var> happy.Round ones, square ones, triangle ones,wobbly ones...I want to see different kinds of Pokémon...
<var> and I make a friendly combo.<var> feelings, I can understand. My feelings,<var> understands!
<var> makes me very proud!I boast to friends about <var>!<var> and I are the best of friends!
Why does <var> use only other Pokémon? Am I not needed much?
Would I have been better off if I remained in the wild?No, I should give this Trainer a little more of a chance...
Humans can't understand the cries of Pokémon or our feelings.
However, there are some among us that understand human speech...Hehehe, <var>, you're not bad for a human.
If a Pokémon were to travel alone, it would be limited as to where it could go.
But traveling with a human, a Pokémon would be able to travel farther afield to more distant cities and lands.
Traveling with <var> has been rewarding and reassuring. And very entertaining...
Some wild Pokémon frown upon others for traveling with humans.They jeer that the caught Pokémon have"forgotten the wild."
But that view is mistaken. They have just never met a Trainer who could be a great partner.A great partner like <var>, in other words...
<var> is...a remarkable human and Trainer.That I can always perform the best any<var> possibly can...I attribute that entirely to my partner <var>.
When we travel, I can see wild Pokémon eyeing us enviously...
Does <var> intend to ignore me forever? Give me more opportunities to shine...
If a Pokémon is treated as a friend, it will return the sentiment.We grow fonder of humans that treat us with kindness... Does <var> even like me?
Did I get stronger? Who is responsible for making me so?Is it <var>'s doing? Is the Trainer owed my thanks?
<var> and I are alike in some ways.In human-speak, we match up well. Does <var> think so, too?
<var> is very impressive, especially for a human.This Trainer lets me use every bit of power properly. It is a shame that <var> is only a human...
That <var>... What is <var> thinking?Why make me join the team, then call upon me for nothing?
Am I considered useless? Is the Trainer regretting having me?Does the Trainer dare disrespect this<var> so easily?
I have little understanding of <var> as a human...<var> may not be too bad, considering that I, an oft-shunned <var>, am one of the team...
That said, I don't intend to be all cheerful around <var>.
Our kind prefers to lurk in dark and dank places.But being with <var>, even bright and festive places seem less threatening...<var> has a strange charisma...
Not for a moment did I think I would be traveling with a human.
If my <var> friends were to see me now, they would be shocked!Or would they be envious of me?
That <var> is the most impressive of humans—It takes a lot to make me, <var>,sunny and cheerful!
As a show of affection, I should chomp down on<var> neck!Hahaha! Have no fear, I was merely joking...
Wooooooh... I have nothing to do...Keep me too bored, and I'm liable to sneak up and bite.
Is there any human that would grow to like us <var>?Well? Does <var> like me?I like <var>... Or, wait, maybe I don't.
<var> treats me, <var>,nicely without being scared. But I will be even scarier from now on.That's just what we <var> do...
I'm starting to forget a little about being in the wild...But I'm not feeling sad. It's never boring when I'm together with <var>...
There are no Pokémon that dislike humans, only humans that dislike Pokémon...
We <var> are especially shunned...But <var> always treats me as a friend and partner...
Hnurrrr... Hunh? This is...where?<var>'s house, is this?It's not? Hnurrr...
If you don't need me for anything, can I go back to my Poké Ball?Hnurrr...
Hnurrr... Me? Uhm...I like to sleep most the time.Oh, I like to eat, too. That's next.But what I really like is to think. I'm a very deep thinker.
When I think about the future of the<var> species...Hnurrr...hunh?Oh, I forget where the time goes.Hnurrrr...
Hnurrr... Me? Uhm...There are lots of kinds of moves.I like those Dark-type moves.Oh, and Dragon-type moves, too...
How would they be for this <var>?Will they be for me? Or a no-no sort of thing?Hnurrr...
Hnurrr... I don't know how to begin saying this...Before I met <var>, I liked living quietly. Sssh.But I'm getting to like traveling with <var>.
I think I'm getting sort of funky.Do you think I'm sort of funky?No? No funk for me?Hnurrr...
Hnurrr... Me? Uhm...Other Pokémon, they say to me..."You're not thinking, are you?"How insulting they should say so. It isn't true what they say. Think, think, think, I do that.
All the time, I think hard how to help<var>. I concentrate!Hnurrr...
Hnurrr...I did not know that?I really don't? What is this?I don't know what to say?Hnurrr...
Hnurrr... Well, I...I think I'm motivated.As motivated as the average.But it's not so simple as that.Hnurrr...
Hnurrr... How should I say this?We both look out for each other.That's what we try to do, I think.That is for the best.Hnurrrr...
Hnurrr... How do I say? How should I describe us?We are the sound of both hands clapping.<var> and I are together in synchronicity like twins.Hnurrr...
Hnurrr...What is left to say, I say?We have come so far now, where can we go but to see this through?Hall of Fame...Words so sweet fall from my mouth.Hnurrr...
Sssshhnnn...Ssshhhnnn...Ssshhhnnn...
Oh, hello. You wish to stay the night?I'm afraid we are totally booked. You may rest a while, if you wish.
We've restored your Pokémon to full health.We hope to see you again!
This hotel is so romantic...I hope a knight on a Pokémon will sweep me away for a honeymoon here!
Is that right? You're a traveler?Yes, it's good to see other places!
Do you know about Mount Moon in the Kanto region?Clefairy dancing under the moon... It's something I must see in my lifetime.
Have you heard of the Tin Tower in the Johto region?The rainbow-colored Pokémon... I must see that in my lifetime.
Do you know about the Space Center in the Hoenn region?A rocket launching into space... I must see that in my lifetime.
Have you heard of the Whirl Islands in the Johto region?The silver-colored Pokémon... I must see that in my lifetime.
We're a traveling troupe of street performers.In place of a formal introduction, please,take these!
Trick Room is a doozy of a weird move—use it, and for a while afterward, the slowest Pokémon get to use their attack first! Bam!How you use Trick Room is up to you, Trainer.
Let me gaze into your eyes...I will read your fortune......
A magical encounter is in the winds...Though I cannot tell whether it will be with a Pokémon or a Trainer...
A brief occasion of joy is imminent...But remember this: the good and the bad are on opposite sides of a coin...
Destiny shall shift...Whether that bodes well or ill is beyond the scope of my sight...
Many are the eyes that I have gazed into over the years, be they human or Pokémon...
But your eyes swirl with compassion, strength,joy, sorrow, and more...The ever-shifting colors in your eyes make you difficult to read.
Me, I'm just a simple soul. I let my guitar do all my talking. All I need is music and Pokémon.I can shine wherever I go if I have those things in my life.
The reservations were full up, but they managed to get us in here.We're finally alone, the two of us—if you'd leave,that is.
This is something we don't need anymore.Will you take it?
I've always relied on the old Coin Toss app to make any decision.
That Coin Toss app is why we ended up in this musty, old, and stinky suite...
We wanted to be together alone so we could talk without being disturbed.We really need this time together...Just the two of us...
What do you want?Are you one of those nitwits we fooled into guarding the entrance?
Bah, it doesn't matter who you are. It's too late to make a difference. Things are going to get really interesting now.All the legendary Pokémon are going to be brought to our HQ in Veilstone City.
Even Team Galactic has no use for Magikarp!Worthless, all of them!
Hahaha!Next stop, Lake Verity!The closest thing to civilization out there is that hick town, Twinleaf! We can roll in there completely unopposed!
A Magikarp is weakly flopping about...
A Magikarp is weakly flopping about...
The mission is proceeding without a hitch.The boss should be pleased.Everything is for everyone, and for the good of Team Galactic!
I recognize your face!You're the child who raided the Team Galactic building in Eterna City!
Humph! Jupiter should be ashamed of herself,being beaten by a child like that.But anything and anyone that opposes Team Galactic must be crushed! Even the very thought of opposition will not be tolerated!
Gah! Even I, a commander, only managed to buy us time?But that's fine. A child like you will never be able to stem the flow of time!
Team Galactic will get the three legendary Pokémon of the lakes!With their power, we will create an entirely new universe!
By now, Mars should have captured the Pokémon of Lake Verity...
Kyuuun...
Azelf disappeared deep into the cavern...
There's an odd spaceman in front of the ruins.There isn't anything there, but that only seemed to make him angry. He's saying he will blow the town up with a bomb...
The nerve of it all!If only I were younger, I'd punish that spaceman with my Pokémon...
This town is insignificant!There's nothing of value here. It doesn't need to exist, so I'll blow it up with a Galactic Bomb!
If you try to mess with me, I'll shut you down with a Pokémon battle.So, what's it going to be?Are you going to mess with me?
You dare to oppose Team Galactic?That means you're taking on the world—No, the universe, even!
That's right! Very smart! You know what's good for you! Team Galactic has come out to the boonies like this for everyone's sake.Your cooperation is appreciated.Now, where is my partner?
Too much...to handle...Whatever! I'm out of this one-horse town!There's nothing to do here anyways!
Well aren't you quite the Trainer!That was magnificent!As the elder of Celestic Town,I give you my thanks.
Oh? That Old Charm... May I see that, dear?What's that? You say Cynthia entrusted you with it to deliver to me?That Cynthia... She's my granddaughter.
You handed over the <var> to the elder.
This Old Charm is something made in Celestic Town long, long ago.It was made in honor of a mythical deity said to have created Sinnoh. These Old Charms are still discovered now and again.
Since you're in Celestic Town, why not look around inside the ruins?
You've gone to the trouble of visiting Celestic Town, so why not take a little more time to examine the ruins?
There appears to have been an insignificant struggle here. Everyone should step back and view things from a bigger perspective.Yes, a bigger perspective—one that is on a universal scale.
My name is Cyrus.I seek the power to create a new world—a world without strife.
However...That power seems to be unavailable here.We've met before, yes? It was at Mount Coronet.If you discover any power derived from the legends of Sinnoh, inform me.
For that power is what I need to create my new world.
Howdy!Studying up on local history?
Hey, do you know what they say?They say a Pokémon created the Sinnoh region.
There's no Poké Mart in this town...Instead, you can buy and sell items in the house right next to me.
Celestic Town The Past Lives
A giant etching of a Pokémon-like creature covers the wall...There is some fading text etched in as well..."The flow of time never stops...The past, future, and present..."
A giant etching of a Pokémon-like creature covers the wall...There is some fading text etched in as well..."Space is ever-expanding dimensions...Our spirits, too, are as space..."
What would bring you to a place so far off the beaten path? There is nothing to see here but some ancient Pokémon etchings...
They say this town has been here since Sinnoh was made.
Oh, now, this is interesting.Let's see your Pokémon.
It clearly likes you very much. You can have this!
It's about trust between the Trainer and the Pokémon.Developing trust in each other is the key to victory.
It's warming up to you in a very nice way.It will grow even more friendly if you travel with it some more.
It's not very used to you yet.You both need to develop trust for one another as Trainer and Pokémon.
Where are you from?
Hmmm, Twinleaf Town, you say? Isn't that close to Lake Verity?That lake is said to be home to Mesprit, the being of emotion. It must be looking over you.
Hm? If you get the Gym Badge from Hearthome,you can use the hidden move Surf anytime.Using the hidden move Surf, you'll be able to go to places that were once out of reach.
Celestic Town is the oldest town in all of Sinnoh.The town was founded to honor Pokémon from the distant past—or at least that's the legend...
Well, hello!You look well.I did some research of my own since that spot of trouble last time.
Mount Coronet acting up had me very concerned, too.
Well, this is what I found in the shrine—a book!It's quite old. See for yourself.
It reads... "Palkia, the Pokémon that binds the spatial dimensions."
It reads... "Dialga, the guardian Pokémon of time."
It seems that there were two Pokémon in ancient Sinnoh. They respectively stood as symbols of time and spatial dimensions...
My big sister is studying the myths of Sinnoh.
She wants to know how people and Pokémon interacted in the days of myths.
Were things different back then?Or were they the same as now?She says that's the focus of her research.
It's hard to tell for sure, but it's probably an invaluable scroll.
It's an old book. You began reading it."When that Pokémon was born, intelligence bloomed among us, enriching our lives.
"When that Pokémon was born, emotions bloomed among us, giving us joy and sorrow.
"When that Pokémon was born, willpower bloomed among us, spurring us into action."
Oh, hello!It's been a while since our last customer!
Putting on a pair of glasses changes how the world looks.Taking off a pair of glasses changes how the world looks, too. Deep, man.
So, would you like to change how the world looks to your Pokémon?
Morning is the start of a new day.Put on Choice Specs and make the right choices.
The sunlight is bright in the daytime. How about a pair of Black Glasses?
At night, reflect on what you've learned with Wise Glasses.
Choice Specs make the Pokémon use only one kind of move. But they also raise the Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat.
Black Glasses raise the power of Dark-type moves.
Wise Glasses boost the power of special moves.
Mount Coronet towers at the center of Sinnoh.In a way, it's the closest place to the sky in this region.
If I climb to the top of Mount Coronet, will I be able to see all of Sinnoh?
I must bear down and train—and for that, time is unimportant.Therefore, I have no need for a watch. Take this from me!
Analog Watch or Digital Watch, use whichever you prefer.The same is true for Pokémon—there are many,but you should befriend whichever you like.
Pinny haaa!
You examined the ancient cave painting.Mysterious designs cover a whole section of the wall.
There are three strange things forming a triangle.In the middle of them is a shining sphere...What is this all about?
The cave painting reminds me of an old story...There existed a being—a being so powerful,it was considered a deity at the time.
Opposing this being were three Pokémon.The three kept balance with the one, as if they formed a triangle.
It's an ancient legend of Sinnoh that is still told to this day in Celestic Town.
Oh, yes. I found something useful. You should take these.They belonged to my granddaughter, but she's not using them.
Each of those TMs contains Surf.The user controls a huge wave, drags everything around it except for the user itself, and attacks.
And my granddaughter said something about...What was it?
Oh, yes! You can use Surf from your Pokétch to cross water, such as seas and rivers.To use that hidden move in the field, however,you must first obtain the Hearthome Gym Badge.On that matter, you will have to handle it yourself, I'm afraid.
You examined the ancient cave painting.Mysterious designs cover a whole section of the wall.
There are three strange things forming a triangle.In the middle of them is a shining sphere...What is this all about?
Whoops! Oh—hey, <var>!You're going to challenge the Gym Leader up ahead, eh?
Someone should check to see if you're ready for this challenge!And that someone is me, with my brand-new Gym Badge!
Yeah, yeah... You're just a bit better than me,as usual. But listen up!
Let me tell you who's going to take on the Pokémon League and become the Champion.You guessed right—it's going to be me!
Anyways, you should be able to take on the Gym Leader here. Now hurry up and get to it!
Hey, that's the Mine Badge! Good going!You're even tough enough to take a shot at becoming the Pokémon Champion.
Of course, I'm tougher, so that's not actually going to happen.Anyways, <var>, come with me to the library.
Whoa!That tremor... That wasn't a natural occurrence.
Hey, hey! Old dude and kids! Something big just happened!They're saying there was a huge explosion at Lake Valor!
Ka-boom!!!Like that!
Gramps, I'm going to the lake! I have a bad feeling about this!
Hmph! That <var> can't sit still...<var>, I'm worried about Lake Valor.
However, I have no idea what is taking place.You must find out!But before you go, I can't stress this enough:don't get in over your head.We will try to join you as soon as we inspect Lake Verity.
You'll be OK, won't you, <var>?
What happened at Lake Valor? I wonder...
We're going off to Lake Verity first. If there turns out to be trouble, don't do anything rash.
We're going to investigate Lake Verity before we join you. Don't be a hero if things go south.
Hmm... What is taking place at Lake Valor?You must find out!
But before you go, I can't stress this enough:don't get in over your head.We will try to join you as soon as we inspect Lake Verity.
What's up? Your clothes look damp. Were you swimming at the beach right by Sandgem Town?
That tremor sure didn't feel like an earthquake...It felt more like an explosion.
Welcome to Canalave, the canal city!In the old days, this port used to be a hub for cargo transportation.
What was that tremor? For a moment I thought Mount Coronet had erupted!
I'm going to study at the library. Aren't books just lovely?I love how reading takes me to places far away in time and space.
An explosion at Lake Valor? But there isn't anything there, is there?
My Psyduck is very smart. It can use the move Future Sight!
N-not even m-my Psyduck's Future Sight could foretell that tremor!
Gua?
Gua! Gua! Gwa? Guaa! Guuagwa?!
The Gym Leader and Trainers of this Gym often go out to Iron Island. They not only train their Pokémon there but work out as well.
I'm flabbergasted!
Do you wanna set sail?
Aye, aye! Anchors aweigh!
You just tell me whenever you need to set sail!
I've lost my love of sailing since my son fell into that horrid nightmare... I need the Lunar Feather from Fullmoon Island to awaken him!Would you go to Fullmoon Island for me?If not for me, then for my son?
Only you can awaken my son from his awful nightmare. We're both counting on you!Please, I need the Lunar Feather from Fullmoon Island to awaken him!
Do you need to get ready? I'll be waiting here.We're desperate for your help.
Please! Take the Lunar Feather to my son...
You've been asleep for a long, long time...What happened to you?And what were you doing here? No one has lived here for 50 years.
Canalave City Cargo Port
Canalave City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Byron The Man with the Steel Body!
Canalave Library
Sailor Eldritch's House
Canalave Dock
Harbor Inn The text is too faded to read.
Harbor Inn A Roost for Restless Sailors"Enjoy sweet dreams in our sumptuous beds!"
The door is tightly shut. It appears impossible to open.
A Poké Ball that makes it easy to catch the same kinds of Pokémon... Well, that's the Repeat Ball!
I wonder what I should buy for an outing to Iron Island?
Ah! That's Oreburgh's Gym Badge!I see, I see! You've defeated my son.
But that's no surprise. He still has much to learn.In place of my son Roark, I, Byron, will accept your challenge!
You were strong enough to take down my prized team of Pokémon. In recognition of that power,I give you this—the Mine Badge!
You received the Mine Badge from Byron!
Having the Mine Badge enables you to use the hidden move Strength from your Pokétch anytime.
You now have six Gym Badges.That means all Pokémon up to Lv. 70 will obey you without question.Here! Take these, too!
Each <var> contains the move<var>.If it hits, it may also lower the target's Sp. Def.
Gwahahahaha! The Sinnoh region is vast!Tough Trainers like you and <var> crop up constantly to challenge the old guard!
With more young Trainers like you and my son taking charge, the future of Pokémon is bright!But I'm not stepping aside just yet! I merely need to rededicate myself to training on Iron Island.
Hey there, Champ-to-be! The Gym Leader here uses Steel-type Pokémon.Steel-type Pokémon have high Defense, so you'll have to hit them hard!
Oh, <var>! You've beaten the Gym Leader! Good going!That makes it six Gym Badges! I tell you what,you're really turning into one fine Trainer.
If you were to say you're going to try to become the Pokémon Champ, no one'd laugh at you now!I'm in your corner, kiddo!
Canalave City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Byron Certified Trainers: <var>
Canalave City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Byron Certified Trainers: <var><var>
The same kinds of Pokémon can sometimes have different Abilities. Maybe I ought to raise two with different Abilities.
I can't use the hidden move Strength from my Pokétch until I beat Gym Leader Byron!
Hello. This is the Canalave Library.Please keep quiet while you're on the premises.
H-hello! This is the Canalave Library.Please keep quiet while you're on the premises.
It certainly wasn't me who screamed,"Gyaaah!!!"And I definitely didn't shout,"Help meee!!!"No, really, that wasn't me yelling!
...
What is it? Please don't disturb me when I'm reading.
I've been asking people not to disturb me while I'm reading... But I shouldn't even have bothered!I'm all agitated now!
The ceiling-high bookshelves are crammed with books.
The shelves are lined with books worn from being read by many people.
The books on the third floor are easy to read.The ones down here are all too tough for me to understand...
Before I knew it, I was looking up a book called"Surviving Disasters"!
The ceiling-high bookshelves are crammed with books.
The shelves are lined with books worn from being read by many people.
Please refrain from bringing food or beverages into the library.
Hey, <var>! Over here! This way!
OK, gramps! I brought <var> like I said!And now I'm outta here!
...
OK. I get it...
Hmmm... Everyone's finally here. Listen up!
You may have forgotten already, but I study the Evolution of Pokémon.
The more I study, the more mysteries appear and multiply. There are some Pokémon that evolve,and others that don't...
What makes them different from each other?Do immature ones evolve into ones that are more mature?
If so, what do we make of the Legendary Pokémon that don't evolve?Are we to assume that the Legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh are complete as creatures?
This is where you three come in.There is said to be a mysterious Pokémon in each of the three lakes of Sinnoh.
If we can obtain data on them, it may shed some light on how the process of Pokémon Evolution works.
I need help from each one of you on this grand undertaking.Help me find these mysterious Pokémon!
What are you saying? I didn't get a Pokédex!
And who was it that bolted from the lab before I had a chance to give them one?
But that's water under the bridge!Seeing Pokémon with your own eyes is important for you in becoming a better Trainer, too.
You can count on me! It will help with my Pokédex, too.<var>, you'll go too, won't you?
You bet, Professor!This will add to the Pokédex database and help advance your research.
Hm! I would have made all of you go regardless...Now then, there are three lakes.Fortuitously, there are three of you. You should split up and investigate the lakes individually.
Dawn, you go to Lake Verity.
Will do!
Lucas, you go to Lake Verity.
Yes, sir!
<var>, I want you to investigate Lake Acuity.That would take you almost to Snowpoint City.The road there is harsh. I need a tough Trainer to go.
Uh... Yeah, of course! Gramps, you know how to call it! You can tell I'm the hotness!
And that leaves <var> with Lake Valor.The lake is between Veilstone and Pastoria, if memory serves.
Has it stopped?Are all of you unharmed?Let's go outside—but be careful. I'm concerned about the city.
<var>, hurry along. But beware of aftershocks.
Every book contains someone's memories of various places and times.
Libraries aren't just buildings where books are kept, you know.They're where different places and times are gathered together.
W—was that an earthquake? I didn't imagine it?
Someone's always checked out the book I want to read.
I'm feeling wobbly...Even though the tremor has ended, my knees still feel like jelly.
This book is titled "Sinnoh Myth." Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
"Sinnoh Myth"Betray not your anger, lest ??? will come.Weep not with sorrow, or ??? will draw near.
When joy and enjoyment come as natural as the very air, that is happiness.
Let such be blessed by the hand of Master ???.It was a custom to speak those words.
This book is titled "Sinnoh Region's Mythology."Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
"Sinnoh Region's Mythology"Long ago, when Sinnoh had just been made,Pokémon and humans led separate lives.That is not to say they did not help each other.No, indeed they did.They supplied each other with goods, and supported each other.
A Pokémon proposed to the others to always be ready to help humans.It asked that Pokémon be ready to appear before humans—always.
Thus, to this day, Pokémon appear to us if we venture into tall grass.
This book is titled "Sinnoh's Myth." Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
"Sinnoh's Myth"Three Pokémon there were.
Into the lakes they dove.Deep, deep, drawing no breath.Deeper, deeper they dove.Into suffocating depths they dove.Deeper, then deepest they alight.From the lake floor they rise.
Bearing with them the power to make vast lands,they rise again.
This book is titled "Veilstone's Myth." Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
"Veilstone's Myth"A young man, callow and foolish in innocence,came to own a sword.With it, he smote Pokémon, which gave sustenance, with carefree abandon.
Those not taken as food, he discarded, with no afterthought.The following year, no Pokémon appeared.Larders grew bare.Would you like to keep reading?
The young man, seeking the missing Pokémon,journeyed afar.Long did he search. And far and wide, too, until one he did find.Asked he, "Why do you hide?"
To which the Pokémon replied..."If you bear your sword to bring harm upon us,with claws and fangs, we will exact a toll."From your kind we will take our toll, for it must be done."
"Done it must be to guard ourselves and for it,I apologize."Would you like to keep reading?
To the skies, the young man shouted his dismay."In having found the sword, I have lost so much."Gorged with power, I grew blind to Pokémon being alive."
"I will never fall savage again. This sword I denounce and forsake."I plead for forgiveness, for I was but a fool."
So saying, the young man hurled the sword to the ground, snapping it.Seeing this, the Pokémon disappeared to a place beyond seeing.
This ancient book is titled "The Original Story."Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
In the beginning, there was only a churning turmoil of chaos.At the heart of chaos, where all things became one, appeared an Egg.
Having tumbled from the vortex, the Egg gave rise to the Original One.Would you like to keep reading?
From itself, two beings the Original One did make.Time started to spin. Space began to expand.
From itself again, three living things the Original One did make.Would you like to keep reading?
The two beings wished, and from them, matter came to be.The three living things wished, and from them,spirit came to be.The world created, the Original One took to unyielding sleep.
This book is titled "A Horrific Myth."Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
Look not into the Pokémon's eyes.In but an instant, you'll have no recollection of who you are.Return home, but how? When there is nothing to remember?
Dare not touch the Pokémon's body.In but three short days, all emotions will drain away.Above all, above all, harm not the Pokémon.In a scant seven days, the offender will grow immobile in entirety.
This book is titled "Sinnoh Folk Stories."
Which story would you like to read?
You put the book back.
"Sinnoh Folk Story 1"Pick clean the bones of Pokémon caught in the sea or stream.Thank them for the meals they provide, and pick their bones clean.
When the bones are as clean as can be, set them free in the water from which they came.The Pokémon will return, fully fleshed, and it begins anew.
"Sinnoh Folk Story 2"There lived a Pokémon in a forest.
In the forest, the Pokémon shed its hide to sleep as a human.Awakened, the human dons the Pokémon hide to roam villages.
"Sinnoh Folk Story 3"There once were Pokémon that became very close to humans.There once were humans and Pokémon that ate together at the same table.It was a time when there existed no differences to distinguish the two.
On this floor, you will find many books on the myths and legends of the Sinnoh region.
Hello, Trainer! Here are some things I found.They were mixed in with a load of cargo from another country.I can't use them, so I think you should take them.
You know how Pokémon have their own Abilities?
Well, the move Skill Swap exchanges the user's Ability with that of its target Pokémon.How you use Skill Swap is a measure of your expertise as a Trainer.
Somewhere beyond the sea...There are other lands populated by Pokémon and Trainers.
Um...who did you say I was again?......
Oh, yes, I remember now! I'm the Move Deleter!
You've come to make me force your Pokémon to forget some moves?
Which Pokémon should forget a move?
Remember me if there are moves that need to be forgotten.
That Pokémon knows only one move, so it can't be forgotten.
What? That's an Egg. No Egg should know any moves.
OK, then. Which move should be forgotten?
Hm! The move <var>?Should that move be forgotten?
It worked perfectly!Your Pokémon has forgotten the move<var> completely.
Welcome.........kekeke...We've had a reservation for you. We've held it a long time...
You lay down on the bed as if bidden there...
You woke up!
I'm going to be a sailor, like my daddy!
He's a real man among men! Even the sea doesn't scare him!Oh, but a Gym Leader'd be cool, too! Byron is so awesome!
The little boy is thrashing about in his sleep.He appears to be in torment. He is muttering something...
Dar...Dark...is watching...me...
The little boy is thrashing about in his sleep.Your Lunar Feather began to glow...
The boy's sleeping face became untroubled and serene!
The little boy woke up!
I couldn't wake up...I saw it...It was a scary dream...It was a dark place...And there was a dark Pokémon...
But, Daddy, Mommy...I could always hear your voices.
Oh, my gosh! You're awake!Oh, my son...I...I don't know what to say.
Thank you! We'll never forget you!
Seeing you back to normal makes me feel great!I've regained my spirit as a sailor! Come sail with me later!
Our boy has too much energy! I wish he'd be a little quieter.
I never thought our boy would fall into this endless nightmare...It's happened in the past in Canalave.There were people who never woke up from their nightmares.
Thank you! We can't thank you enough, but thank you!
Fantastic! Beautiful!
Route 216 Mount Coronet
Snowbound Lodge A Warm Bed and Little Else
Feel free to take a power nap in that bed.As you can see, this lodge is simply furnished.Do what you like here.
I don't have Thick Fat like some Pokémon, so I have to bundle up in clothes to keep warm.
It's a bed. Would you like to take a rest?
You quickly fell asleep in the bed...
You and your Pokémon became fully healed from the rest!
I'm using the Dowsing Machine on my Pokétch.I'm looking for things buried under the snow.
The boulder is encrusted with ice. It is bone-chilling to touch.
Route 217 Lake Acuity
<var> <var>...If you want <var> of them, I can trade <var> for<var> <var>.
While I was fighting my way through the blizzard,I dropped a TM. It had the move Rock Climb...
While I was fighting my way through the blizzard,I dropped a TM. It had the move Rock Climb...
Hey! What's this? You found the TM?
But I'd already given up the TM for lost, and you found it.It's yours to keep, my friend. Make good use of it.
I like your honesty, though. Let me reward you with this.
That Icicle Plate, I found that under the snow.
I'm no expert, but it looks to be of ancient origin.Even as old as the time when Sinnoh came into being.
A person...?A rare sight...Thank you for visiting...A gift...
The Spell Tag... It intensifies Ghost-type moves.May it serve you well.
Ramanas Park isn't open yet. We're still setting up.
We're getting Ramanas Park ready. I wonder what you can do there.
Ramanas Park A Place for New Beginnings
Ah, <var>! This is it! This is Ramanas Park!
Ah, <var>! This is it! This is Ramanas Park!
It's good to see you've come to join us for a visit.Let me make a gift of this Chain Counter for your Pokétch.
I plan to be in Eterna City for some time.Being here, I should make the best of my time studying the Pokémon of the Sinnoh region.
Ramanas Park is so scintillating! Trainers and Pokémon are so full of intent here!
There are some Pokémon I've never seen.Would you show me if you had one?
Let me see...I'd like to see a Pokémon that does nothing but eat and sleep.
Oh, is that a Snorlax? It sure looks like it can eat!I have a Pokétch app that has a Snorlax motif.You can have it for showing me a real Snorlax!
Doesn't that <var> make you want to cook something?
Let me see...I'd like to see a Pokémon that changes color whenever something happens.
Oh, that's a Kecleon! How colorful!I have a Pokétch app featuring a Kecleon design.You can have it for showing me a real Kecleon!
Changing colors can change your mood, too.
What was that Pokémon's name now...?Oh, it's on the tip of my tongue!
I saw it! Today's number is <var>!Show me a Pokémon that's Lv. <var>. If you can,I'll reward you.
I saw it! Today's number is <var>!Show me a Pokémon that's Lv. <var>. If you can,I'll reward you.
Hunh?!Your <var> is Lv. <var>. Well, I'll be!How remarkable!I'll thank you for that visual treat with this <var>.
Oh? You've no room in your Bag. I'll hold it, so come back later.
I'll thank you for that visual treat with this <var>.
High-level Pokémon were once of low level.Low-level Pokémon will not remain so, for they can only grow.That's how it goes, youngster. Come again tomorrow.
Win Items from Me!Black Belt: Powers up Fighting-type moves.
Expert Belt: Powers up moves if they are super effective.Focus Sash: The bearer avoids a one-hit KO if its HP is full.
This book is titled "The Sea's Legend." It's a text that was only recently discovered, and its ancient letters were decoded. Would you like to read it?
You put the book back.
Once upon a time in the East Sea, there was a Pokémon known as the prince.A brave human asked Pokémon living in the sea to let them see the prince.Would you like to keep reading?
Mantyke, Buizel, and Qwilfish with its huge spikes acknowledged the human's bravery and joined them.Together, they set off in a boat over the sunset-streaked sea, sailing through the ocean gate stretched over the waves.Would you like to keep reading?
Saving failed.
You can't take this Pokémon.
Route 219 Sandgem Beach
The only items you ever throw are Poké Balls!But is that true?! I want people to think about that. That's why I give away these Technical Machines for Fling.
Using that move, the Pokémon hurls whatever item it's holding at the opponent.The move's effect depends on what item is hurled.Remember, the move Fling fails if the Pokémon isn't holding anything.
When I first started fishing, catching anything made me happy.But those days are long gone now...Now I get annoyed if I can't beat my record by even an inch...
I can't explain why, but I'm more easily agitated at night—not that I let it get to me.
Route 222 Hotel Grand Lake
Route 222 Sunyshore City
Pikachu Fan Club Pikapikapikah! Pikapika?
Pokémon Size Contest Big Pokémon Wanted!
Pikachuuu!
Eehehe! I'm going for the Pokémon Championship with only Pikachu!
I had a dream! It was a wonderful dream!I dreamed that a Trainer would bring me a giant Remoraid!
I had a dream! It was a wonderful dream!I dreamed that a Trainer would bring me a giant Remoraid!
Oh my gosh! That dream was no dream! H-how big of a Remoraid did you bring me?!
It's <var>.<var> <var>. This Remoraid is <var>.<var> <var>.I think you did better than in my dream! I'd like you to have this.
Thank you! I really enjoyed this. I think I'll dream of an even bigger Remoraid tonight.
It's <var>.<var> <var>... Am I experiencing deja vu?I distinctly remember this size.
This Remoraid was <var>.<var> <var>. I know a genius who brought me a Remoraid that was <var>.<var> <var>...
Wha—? What do you think you're showing me?Did you even listen to what I had to say?
Your Bag's jammed full... I can't give you this...
Oh, what? Why would you deny me the chance to measure your Remoraid?
If I had to describe Sunyshore Gym in a word,it'd be...shockingly electric!Whoops, that's two words!
Sunyshore's Gym Leader has been bored lately,I hear. Apparently, there's been a lack of worthwhile challengers.
What are you doing? You're not supposed to be here.There's nothing here anyway. If anything were to happen, it's in my good hands.
I've got my trusty Pokémon with me, for one.And more than anything, I'm tough—and you know it!
What'd I say? There's nothing here!Go check out the other lake.
Even if something happens, I'm here.So no worries!
Ah!You're not getting away with this, Team Galactic!
Oh? Are you finished already?Your Pokémon aren't bad, but you're laughably weak.
You honestly thought you could save the Pokémon of the lake?And become the Pokémon Champion? Dream on,little kid.
But, eww, it's so cold here. Let's go back to the Veilstone HQ.
Oh? Don't I know you? We met in Eterna City.Listen. Team Galactic is going to do something huge for everyone's sake.
That's why you should keep out of Team Galactic's way.Don't come whining about poor Pokémon and other trivial junk like that.
Don't waste your time coming to our HQ in Veilstone. Now, if you'll excuse me...
...Yeah, that's right! I couldn't do anything against Team Galactic!
That Pokémon called Uxie... It was suffering...
I'm going to get tougher...It's not about winning or losing... That's not good enough... I have to be stronger...
Kyouuuun!
Uxie disappeared deep into its cavern...
Only the chosen may enter the Snowpoint Temple. I'm sorry, but you will have to leave.
Only the chosen may enter the Snowpoint Temple. I'm sorry, but you will have to leave.
The temple is said to have been built in ancient times. It pays homage to the Pokémon of rock,ice, and steel that shape the land.So it is told.
It's OK! You can let that person in.
Cynthia sent word to me.You're working on a Pokédex, aren't you?
There should be many rare Pokémon in the temple. Enjoy your exploring!
Brrr... This snowbound town is always freezing cold. But the spirits of the Trainers and their Pokémon burn hot and bright.Especially the Gym Leader.
Wow. Aren't you feeling cold in that outfit?Maybe you should wear something warmer.
It's cold enough to freeze your eyelashes out here...Why don't you wear something a little warmer?
You chose the perfect outfit for the weather!Even I feel warmer just by looking at you.I'll give you this because I'm so impressed.
You're going to the Snowpoint Temple?You know you're not allowed to go in?
You're going to the Snowpoint Temple?Some awesome Pokémon are there!
Candice is teaching me about Pokémon.She says I have to start by making friends with Pokémon.
What is it? Do you want to sail to the Battle Zone?
Aye, aye, then! Let's set sail!
What is it? The Battle Zone's rough to get to.The sea around it is always roiling with choppy waves.You can't go there using Surf—that's for sure.
A great Trainer recognized by the Pokémon League...I look forward to carrying someone like that on this ship!
There's nothing here! And that's what makes us unique.
Snowpoint City City of Snow
Snowpoint City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Candice The Diamond Dust Girl!
I'm using Technical Machines to teach moves to my Pokémon.I'm trying for different mixes of moves in different types.
I hear the Elite Four of the Pokémon League are way tougher than any Gym Leader.
If your Pokémon gets frozen, it will thaw out after a while. But if I were you, I'd keep some Ice Heals around.
You want to challenge Candice?Sure thing! I was waiting for someone tough!But I should tell you, I'm tough because I know how to focus.
Pokémon, fashion, romance... It's all about focus!I'll show you just what I mean. Get ready to lose!
Wow! You're great! You've earned my respect!I think your focus and will bowled us over totally.
Oh, that's right! I'm supposed to give you this!
You received the Icicle Badge from Candice.
That Icicle Badge I just gave you?Because you have it, you can use the hidden move Rock Climb from your Pokétch.Oh, and take these, too.
Each <var> contains the move<var>.
If the user takes damage, the move's power is doubled!Can you imagine what sort of focus you'd need to pull it off?
Do you think I should try to act more like an Ice-type Gym Leader? Like, do you think I should be more cool and distant?That sort of thing I have trouble with.
Hey there! How's it going, Champ-to-be?Do you see the big snowballs placed here and there?
You need to slide on the ice with enough momentum to crush them.The Gym Leader is a user of Ice-type Pokémon.
Melt her defenses with scorching-hot Fire-type moves!It's all about focus with this Gym. Bear down and focus!
Oh! <var>! You've beaten the Gym Leader!You were more focused than her, and your Pokémon picked up on it!
Snowpoint City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Candice Certified Trainers: <var>
Snowpoint City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Candice Certified Trainers: <var><var>
You know how there are many Ice-type Pokémon around Snowpoint City? I wonder if they also live in the temple.
Sound gets swallowed up by the snow. That's why it's very quiet here.
Gaga guwawa!
I love how my girl has so much vivacity and charm.
Thanks to you, my girl's been in a really happy mood.
By any chance, do you have a Pokémon called Medicham?If you do, would you like to trade your Medicham for my Haunter?
Haha! Did my Haunter turn into something else?Just kidding!I made it hold something that prevents it from evolving.
Please treat my Haunter nicely! I'll be good to your Medicham, too!
What I asked for was a Medicham...
It's OK if you don't want to. But if you change your mind, let's trade Pokémon.
Thanks to Pokémon, we got to be friends,didn't we?
Hello, hello. Do you know a trendy saying?
...What?! You just read my mind, didn't you?
We're here to make sure Snowpoint's Gym Leader doesn't disturb us!
You're here to see the lake Pokémon, too?You must be bored to fight your way through the snow to get here...
Standing guard is a very important assignment!I'll make this a success and earn myself a Clefairy!
The Pokémon of the three lakes appear to be connected somehow.When Lake Valor was blown up, a cavern appeared in the middle of this lake!
Lake Acuity Ahead
It's a statue of a Pokémon. It seems to exude power...You read the engraved writing...
A body of rock.A body of ice.A body of steel.When gather the three Pokémon, the king shall appear.
It's a statue of a Pokémon. It seems to exude power...You read the engraved writing...
A body of rock.A body of ice.A body of steel.When gather the three Pokémon, the king shall appear....
Zut zutt!
Regigigas disappeared from view...
You need a bike to go out on Cycling Road!
Welcome!At Metronome Style Shop, you can choose a new outfit to achieve your perfect look!
I'm not sure what to buy!
I'm so shocked!The T-shirts with a Clefairy pattern are sold out...
It's a Clefairy plush! It looks like Clefairy is the mascot of this shop.
This box goes there, and that box goes here...
Ah, we're so busy!I wish Clefairy could work its magic and help out!
Are you the forgetful type who loses track of where Berries are planted?
Yes, yes, I thought so! I'm the same way!
Oh, is that so.By any chance, are you the forgetful type who pretends to remember things when you don't?
The Town Map shows you where there are ripe Berries that are ready to be picked.
Please make sure that every Berry plant gets enough water!
Um... Would you like some Berries?They are all plump and ripe.
That <var>...I made it by mixing high-grade soil with Pokémon...um...you know...It's very rich in nutrients...
Um... Please come again.
You bought <var><var>.
Um... You don't appear to have enough money...
Oh, yes, that's right! I need to thank you for earlier. Please take this Sticker.
Place that Sticker on one of your Ball Capsules before a show.It will lend a nice touch of sophistication and glamour.
I made Stickers modeled after the Pokémon of a Trainer I met. Would you like some?
Those are <var>!Place them on Ball Capsules, and they can really impress the audience in Super Contest Shows!
I love TMs, so I come here to window shop all the time...
You're just like a totally impatient boy I met earlier.Just like you, he was very close with his Pokémon.Hey, thanks for making me smile! These might put a smile on your face.They're <var>.Place them on a Ball Capsule.
There's a Pokémon Nursery in Solaceon Town.If you leave a male and a female Pokémon of the same species, an Egg may be found.
This place has a special connection with regions around the world, such as Kanto and Hoenn!It's also connected to the Grand Underground.Exploring down there might reveal new Treasures.New discoveries lead to interesting encounters.Remember that.
Ramanas Park is so scintillating! Coming here to stop and smell the roses always calms me down.Ramanas roses symbolize the joy of journeys.Speaking of journeys, I've heard that Legendary Pokémon travel here from many different regions.It's probably the Ramanas roses' alluring charm that draws them here!
Welcome to Ramanas Park!This place is a tourist attraction that's famous for the Ramanas roses blooming all over.It's also where top-notch Trainers gather from many different regions.You might say Ramanas roses attract those who are strong—now that's what I call flower power!
What an amazing Pokémon you've caught!I'll give you a statue that looks just like it!
Are you all right? I don't know what you're doing back here so soon, but don't run yourself down.Take a nice rest.
I came here with my dad to look at the flowers.I'll take pictures with Pokémon while I'm at it!
My daughter loves Ramanas roses.A day doesn't go by without her demanding we come see them.
The smell of Ramanas roses isn't the only selling point here—the people and Pokémon drawn from all over are spectacles in and of themselves,and those intriguing, enigmatic caves fill me with excitement!
Those caves in the park have enigmatic pedestals inside...Is there any purpose for them, I wonder?
I came all the way out here to see rare Pokémon,but this place has a weird atmosphere.I feel like I could lose my sense of time and space...
Ramanas Park...It's a quiet paradise that draws you closer to Pokémon that come from faraway lands.I especially look forward to seeing Pokémon from Kanto and Hoenn, but it tugs at my heartstrings to know they're so far away from home.
You chose the perfect outfit for the weather!
There is an enigmatic pedestal. You may be able to use a slate on it...
There is an enigmatic pedestal. You may be able to use a slate on it...Would you like to use<var><var>?
The <var> fit perfectly!The pedestal started shining!
*giggle*Thanks!
You put <var> <var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
It seems you don't have enough shards.
Hello! You can exchange Mysterious Shards for slates here.
How many <var> would you like?
I'll trade <var> <var> for <var> <var>.Is that OK?
Here you go.
You put <var> <var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
You can't hold any more of this item.
You don't have enough shards.
Please come again!
One, two, step. ♪ One, two, flip. ♪ And turn. ♪
After passing this gate, you'll find a paradise where lots of Pokémon play—or so I've heard!
Mm-peppiii!
Goh-tchya!
My boyfriend gets so nervous that he can't work up the courage to enter a contest show.What should I do...?
It seems you inspired my boyfriend. He's made up his mind to enter a contest show.I'd like to show my thanks by giving you these.
I'm so looking forward to his big debut...
Today's the day! I'm definitely going to compete in a contest show. Yeah, definitely...*gulp*Are you going to enter a contest show, too?
Your commanding stage presence gave me the courage I needed to finally put myself out there.Yeah, I can do this! That's right—I'm going to enter a contest show!
Gwack ack!
Gwah wha?
Yah! Ha! Yay!I'm training for a Super Contest Show with my Bibarel here!
Oh?Looks to me like you've already participated in a Super Contest Show. You beat me to the punch!An experienced contestant like you deserves these!
Hm? I sense the presence of a Trainer who loves Pokémon...You're just the sort of person that the chairman of the Pokémon Fan Club has been looking for.
The Pokémon Fan Club Chairman should be in Hearthome City...
Hm? Yes, I knew that you and the Pokémon Fan Club Chairman would hit it off.I'm so happy that you've become one of us.Please take these as a token of our friendship.
You and I are both Pokémon Fan Club members,so let's keep in touch.
Bibannno!
I wonder what's at the top of the Lost Tower...I'm very curious, but I'm also very scared.
Whoa! You climbed the Lost Tower? No way!And you saw two elderly women at the top?I wonder what they're doing there...Thank you for telling me about what's up there.Please take these—they're yours, if you want.To be honest, I'm not even sure where I got them...
The Lost Tower is frightening, but I find myself strangely drawn to it...
Have you heard? There are statues that you can dig up from the walls of the Grand Underground.I'd love to see a statue for myself someday.
Oh, that's a statue! Did you find it underground?I've always wanted to see one of these!I'll give these to you as my way of saying thanks.
There's an adventure in every statue!There's a statue in every adventure!
Skreee-oh...
Tweeedly-dee!
Ticktock, ticktock...It swings its pendulum at the same interval.How beautiful...I'll give this to you.
If you let a Pokémon hold a Metronome, every time that Pokémon uses the same move, the Metronome boosts the power of that move.
My scarf was blown away by the wind. I wonder where it went...
Thank you very much for finding my scarf. But I'd like you to have it.My attachment to the scarf seems to have blown away, too.
If you let a Pokémon hold a Silk Scarf, it boosts the power of Normal-type moves.Please put it to good use.
Hmm. Where did it go?I lost my lens, but without my lens, how can I search for it?
Stunky! It was you!It seems I focused my search on the ground too much. Well, I'll let you have it.
If a Pokémon with a Zoom Lens uses a move after its target, the accuracy of the move will be boosted.
Hmm. My boyfriend lost his lens. Where did it go?I've been looking for it with my Wide Lens, but...
Oh, Stunky had his lens. Sorry for getting you involved in this.Please take this.
Just let a Pokémon hold a Wide Lens, and the accuracy of its moves will go up.But a Zoom Lens boosts the accuracy more than a Wide Lens, so use them wisely depending on the situation.
Gifarigaraf!
Kiii stunk!
Stunky gave you a Zoom Lens!
Gwack ack!
Geh heh hehhh...
I stand stoically in front of the deep blue sea.Why? Because I'm a rich boy.The seaside suits me better than the sea.
I saw you surfing courageously over the water.The sight of your elegance was inspiring.Please take this as a token of my appreciation.
My Shellos and I will venture out to sea someday.
Squee reeek!
Shelli looo!
Look, look! A synchronized breaststroke with my Floatzel!Beautiful, isn't it? Take this as a thank-you for watching us swim.
See how gracefully it moves its legs?So beautiful...
Check this out! A synchronized crawl with my Floatzel!Powerful, isn't it? As thanks for watching us swim, take these.
See how heartily it moves its arms?So powerful...
Get out of my way! I'll give these to you in return.
We're competing to see who can keep swimming the longest!
Whroooar! I'm in the middle of something here!You can have these if you stay away.
We're competing to see who can swim faster!
Hehehe. Welcome to my private beach!This place is wonderful, isn't it?I'll give this to you as a token of our friendship.
Don't go telling anyone else about this place.It'll be our little secret.
I am the Sound Designer! I compose music for games.Wow! You beat the Sinnoh Champion!That's great!I'll give you something cool for that.
Squee reeek!
Gullugooo!
My brilliant instinct tells me that there is a secret path somewhere in this city, and there is treasure beyond the path!
Whoa! There was actually something there?I mean, my instinct about my brilliant instinct being correct turned out to be correct!These are my thank-you gift.
Hmmm... My brilliant instinct tells me that you'll accomplish something great in the future.
I hear that there is a man who is very forgetful here in Canalave City.He even makes Pokémon forget their moves.
You met the guy that everyone is talking about!Wow! He really does make Pokémon forget their moves.Thank you for letting me know. Here, please take these.
Oh... I forgot what I was talking about just now.
Gullgullooo!
Shelli nooo!
Trainer Tips!In Amity Square, you can use the Right Stick to move the camera around and view your walking partner Pokémon as much as you'd like!You can also reset the camera to its original state by pressing and holding down on the Right Stick.
Please enjoy the rest of your wild Safari Game adventure!
You kept me waiting, <var>!When I first saw you, I just knew it—sooner or later, this kid was gonna defeat the Champion.And now look at you! You're just oozing with the winning aura of a really tough Trainer!But it makes me think... If I can beat you now,then I'll be the strongest Trainer there is!
You kept me waiting, <var>!Today's the day!I'll finally prove I'm the strongest!
Wow, you really are strong! Just how did you raise your Pokémon to be that tough?
You're just so incredibly strong! How in the world did you raise your Pokémon to be that tough?
Well, anyway, here! As thanks for that battle,I'll give you my favorite Sticker.
But this doesn't mean I've given up! I'm up for a Pokémon battle every day if you are!
Ohohoho!We meet again!You beat the Champion and joined the Hall of Fame! That is what I heard.I lost before. Déplorable! And so I studied more.I must have my...how do you say..."revenge"?Right now, I will have my revenge!
Ohohoho!Today, yes today, I shall finally have my revenge!
Zut! I am dumbfounded!I grew strong. But you grew much, much stronger!
Zut! I am dumbfounded!I grew strong. But you grew much, much stronger!
Really, you are magnifique!I give you the gift of my Sticker!
Next time, I shall win! Until then, au revoir!
<var>, I've been waiting for you.I hear you've defeated Cynthia and entered the Hall of Fame. I truly respect you for that.But I haven't been idle all this time.I've come to challenge you now, and I won't hold anything back. Please prepare yourself for battle!
<var>, I've been waiting for you.Today, as always, I'll be going all out—so please prepare yourself for battle!
I see... I've lost again.<var>, you truly live up to your reputation.I trained as best I could to become stronger, but it seems you've reached even loftier heights.There is still so much to learn about what strength truly is.
I see... I've lost again.<var>, you truly live up to your reputation.There is still so much to learn about what strength truly is.
It's not much, but please accept this token of my gratitude.
When I'm battling you, <var>, I feel as though I'm drawing closer to the true meaning of strength.Please come back tomorrow and battle with me again!
Aha, you're here to see Crasher Wake once more!I heard, you know—you defeated the Champion!Like the raging rapids you are, or the surging sea!But I'll take everything you can throw at me and then pull you under! Come at me with all the power you can muster!
Aha, you're here! And Crasher Wake has once again appeared!With all of your strength and all of mine, we're sure to have another battle of maximum fun!
Well, the results are as clear as a pristine pond,but I had the most outstanding time battling you!
Well, the results are as clear as a pristine pond,but I had the most outstanding time battling you!
This maximum Sticker is just steaming with the heat of my passionate spirit! Here, take it!
Of course! You and I will continue to battle together, like the endless raging tides!
Thanks for coming. I heard about your remarkable achievement from Roark—that you've entered the Hall of Fame.No surprise there. Small wonder, then, that my son and I had such a rough time battling you!But this time, I won't underestimate you or let my guard down in the slightest.I have you to thank for shaking me out of my complacency!Now then, <var>, brace yourself,and let's begin!
Thanks for coming. Each time I hear your knock on the Gym gate, my heart leaps like a child's.Now then, <var>, brace yourself,and let's begin!
Gwahahaha!I retrained myself on Iron Island, but it still wasn't enough. It seems that experience is no match for youthful vigor!
Gwahahaha!I retrained myself on Iron Island, but it still wasn't enough. It seems that experience is no match for youthful vigor!
This is the Sticker I use all the time.I know it's not much, but please accept it!
Just looking at you brings back memories of the days I spent training from dawn to dusk with my beloved Pokémon...Please come again any time.
<var>! Congrats on getting into the Hall of Fame!I've been waiting for you to show up here! After all, you not only beat me, you also took out the Elite Four and basically became an overnight celebrity! That's about as cool as it gets!Thanks to you, I'm more focused than ever!I still like fashion and romance, but right now I'm way more obsessed with you, <var>!I really wanna beat you, so get ready for it!
<var>! I've been waiting for you to show up here!And I think my technique and focus have gotten a little better, maybe?
Wow! You really are incredible!You're even stronger than my high expectations of you, <var>!It takes more than focus to be that awesome.I guess you call it technique? Something like that!
Wow! You really are incredible!That's some high-level battle technique you've got there, <var>!
Here, I'll give you my Sticker. Now we can be twinsies!
Anyway, come back here any time you like!I wanna learn more about technique and focus from you, <var>, so I can get even stronger!
Trainer Tips!In Amity Square, you can press the + Button or the - Button to gather up all your Pokémon that are playing there.Just press and hold the + Button or - Button to let your Pokémon return to what they were doing!
For the Visual Evaluation, it's very important to choose a Pokémon whose condition matches the category of the contest show!
For the Dance Evaluation, your sense of rhythm is the key! The more you hit the notes in time with the music, the higher your score will be.
For the Move Evaluation, you only get one shot!Coordinate with other performers and use your Contest Move when you feel the time is right!
Have you placed a lot of Stickers on your competing Pokémon's Ball Capsule?The more Stickers there are on your Ball Capsule,the flashier an entrance your Pokémon will make!And just between you and me, different Stickers seem to pair well with different contest shows.
It simply adores you! Why, I feel like I'm intruding!I'll give you something good as a token of your strong friendship!
The Best Friends Ribbon looks great on your Pokémon! I'm sure you'll be best friends forever!
You obtained the DS Sounds!
DS is a thing with two screens that opens up...Oh, wait! That was a Nintendo DS!Turn it on and DS Sounds will let you hear some sounds from the old days.Enjoy the nostalgia of those sparkling memories!
I'm so sorry... Your Bag appears to be full...
Have you seen the globe at the GWS in Jubilife City?It's so awesomely awesome! I can't really explain it well, but it's downright wicked!
Hooray! My Secret Base just got another Great!
There are some sparkling stones lying around in the Grand Underground!
Lining up my favorite statues in my underground Secret Base is what I live for!
One day, a meteorite came screamin' outta nowhere, and where it landed, a town popped up and flourished. What a rockin' story!
Business at the new Style Shop has really been booming!
Have you been to the Veilstone Gym?It's pretty cool! Reminds me of an athletics center.
Let's see your Pokédex... Hey, wait a second!C-could that be?!This <var>, here! Did it really come all this way?!
Oh! Has this <var> been on a remarkably long journey, as well?!
You've really treasured that <var>,haven't you?I just want you to know how much that means to me!
Hi there! I'm the director who really loves Gengar.Congratulations on completing your Sinnoh Pokédex!Now keep on collecting even more Pokémon!
When you've got a Catching Charm, it becomes easier to get a critical catch.Go ahead and try it out!
Hi there! It's me, the Gengar-loving director.Oh, wow! I see you've completed your National Pokédex. Congratulations!Here, I've got a present for you!
When you've got a Shiny Charm, you'll be more likely to run into Shiny Pokémon.Go ahead and give it a try!
Hi there! It's me, the Gengar-loving director.Battling other Trainers sure is exciting, isn't it?Keep building up those bonds with your Pokémon so you can take on tougher Trainers!
Battles are great and all, but filling up your Pokédex is a lot of fun, too!If you keep finding Pokémon from a variety of different places, please come show me.
Hi there! It's me, the Gengar-loving director.Wow! You triumphed over the entire Battle Tower!The bond between you and your Pokémon really is something else! Congratulations!
I'm sure there are even stronger Trainers somewhere out there in the world.But knowing you and your Pokémon, I'm sure you would have a blast battling them, too!
Permitted
Not permitted
News of this reached the ears of the prince, who went to meet the brave little party at the Seaside Hollow.
I'd like you to choose a color for your bike!Which one will it be?
Do you want a red bike?
Do you want a green bike?
Do you want a blue bike?
Do you want a yellow bike?
OK. Take your time choosing. Color is important!
Marvelous! You've chosen red, the color of passion! It calls to mind images of the flame on Charmander's tail.It's perfect for you!
Marvelous! You've chosen a fresh and lively green! It's somewhat reminiscent of the seed on Bulbasaur's back.It's perfect for you!
Marvelous! You've chosen a dignified blue!It almost seems like you can see the bubbles of Squirtle reflected in it!It's perfect for you!
Marvelous! You've chosen a shocking yellow!One glance at it almost feels like getting a zap from Pikachu!It's perfect for you!
Come on back here after you've defeated the Champion.Don't forget about me here, OK?
Well, blow me over! You beat the Champion?Now, that's something worth writing home about!The name's Morimoto. I've been waiting for a strong Trainer like you to come find me.If you've got faith in your own skill, care to join me in a match?
And here <var> is! Ready for that match?
That's the ticket!Now watch out! Because Morimoto's got more than enough to motor right over you!
Is that so? Well, that's a right shame.
You're really strong! I should've known!Since you've managed to trounce me, I guess you've earned yourself a reward.
Let's have ourselves a rematch someday!
Oh, it looks like the Pokémon that was taking a stroll with you wants to go out!Only special Trainers can make their Pokémon feel that way!I'm pretty sure that your Pokémon would be delighted if you let them out of their Poké Balls outside the square, too!
I'll send this certificate to your heart!
It's the creation of a new galaxy! My new world!
So, young spelunker, are you going underground?The Grand Underground is vast. Enjoy it to your heart's content!
Do you want to sail to the Battle Zone?Actually, I'd love to help, but I just took a really impatient boy there and now I'm out of fuel.Come back in a little while!
Do you want to sail to the Battle Zone?Actually, I'd love to help, but right now the ship's undergoing some maintenance.Come back in a little while!
I'm the one who gave you those Ball Capsules!And hey, you know those Pokémon Boxes you've been using? I'm the system administrator of 'em!
Please come with me for a moment.
One...two...and...ta-da!<var> forgot <var>!And it learned <var> instead!
You can't take an Egg for a stroll!
I should teach <var> to your <var>?
If you find a different form, please show it to me.
Use it wisely!
You obtained a Ball Capsule.
Tor tor chic!
Culululu.
Now, now.That is merely an Egg!
