Continue
New Game
The TV is turned off.
Hello there! It's so very nice to meet you!Welcome to the world of Pokémon!
My name is Rowan.However, everyone just calls me the Pokémon Professor.
We humans live alongside Pokémon as friends.At times we play together, and at other times we work together.Some people use their Pokémon to battle and develop closer bonds with them.
What do I do?I conduct research so that we may learn more about Pokémon.
Now, why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself?
Tell me, what is your name?
Your name is <var>?
OK... So, you're <var>?A fine name that is!
What might his name be?
<var>, is it?That's your friend's name?
All right, <var>, the time has come.Your very own tale of grand adventure is about to unfold.
On your journey, you will meet countless Pokémon and people.I'm sure that along the way you will discover many things, perhaps even something about yourself.
Now, go on, and leap into the world of Pokémon!
Yes
No
I'll tell you...
Barry
Damion
Tyson
Markus
Clint
Ralph
Lewis
Tommy
Look! These are Poké Balls! Let's battle using the Pokémon in them!
Will you choose the Tiny Leaf Pokémon, Turtwig?
Will you choose the Chimp Pokémon, Chimchar?
Will you choose the Penguin Pokémon, Piplup?
Which one do you want, then?
Hey, you saw that news report that was on TV, right?
You know, "Search for the Red Gyarados:The Mysterious Appearance of the Furious Pokémon in a Lake"?
That show got me to thinking...I'll bet our local lake has a Pokémon like that in it, too!
So, that's what we're gonna do. We'll go find a Pokémon like that!
Hey! Where are you wandering off to?!That mystery Pokémon on TV! It's calling out to me!Forget about going back home!
Remember what your mother said?
"<var>! Don't go into the tall grass.Wild Pokémon might attack you."It would be OK if you had your own Pokémon,but you don't, so..."
Hey, it's those people! Is that old guy staring at us?
Hmm...
I heard from <var> that you used our Pokémon? Let me see them, please.Hmm...<var> and <var>...
...Hmm, I see... That's how it is...
<var>! I'm going back to my lab!
Um... O-OK! Professor, please wait for me!
I think you should visit our lab later.OK, see you!
Uh... Yeah, of course! Professor, wait for me!
You should visit us at our lab later, I think.We'll be seeing you!
What was all that craziness about?I mean, if he was angry, he could've just yelled at us, or whatever...And didn't he want his Pokémon back?
<var>... We should go home, too...
Wild Pokémon lurk in tall grass. They can come bursting out at any time.
So, if you're wanting to battle wild Pokémon,just walk in tall grass.If you want to avoid wild Pokémon, then stay out of the tall grass.
Hi! I work at a Poké Mart.
Did you know that a Pokémon's health is measured by Hit Points—HP for short?If a Pokémon runs out of HP, it faints and can't battle anymore.If a Pokémon's HP gets low, you should heal it with a Potion.
Here, let me give you some Potions as a sample.These ones are free!They will automatically go in your Bag's Medicine pocket.
You can find a Poké Mart in cities and most major towns.
That ledge is one way. Jump down for a shortcut to Twinleaf Town!
If your Pokémon's health—its HP—is getting low,you should go home and get some rest.
If your Pokémon's health—its HP—is getting low,you should go to a Pokémon Center!
Route 201 Twinleaf Town
Route 201 Sandgem Town
Trainer Tips!Don't be shy! Talk to anyone and everyone you happen to see.
By talking to people, you will get invaluable information and advice.
<var>?!Did you tell your family that you're helping the professor?...You didn't, did you?
I know that you're really eager to see all kinds of Pokémon, but you shouldn't make your mom worry that you've disappeared.
You should go tell your family that you're helping the professor. The faster the better, too.
Oh, that's right!<var>, I haven't shown you how to catch a Pokémon.
I'll demonstrate how to catch one, so just watch me, OK?
*giggle*See? Isn't it neat?Actually, it's better to lower your target's HP more than I did.
It's important to get the Pokémon's HP down as low as possible.A healthy Pokémon is very difficult to catch.
Oh, Pokémon also get easier to catch if you make them sleep or something by using a Pokémon's move.
OK, <var>, to get you started, I'll give you some Poké Balls!
If you have lots of Pokémon with you, it'll be safer on long trips.Plus, it'll be a lot more fun having your Pokémon friends along.
OK, I need to get going. Bye, now!
<var>?!Did you tell your family that you're helping the professor?...I bet you didn't, did you?
I know that you're eager to see all kinds of Pokémon, but you shouldn't make your mom worry that you've upped and left.
Why don't you go tell your family that the professor asked for your help?You should do it right away.
<var>, do you know how to catch a Pokémon?
I'll demonstrate how to catch one, so just watch, OK?
And that's how it's done.Actually, I should have lowered the target's HP some more.
Yup, the important thing is to lower the Pokémon's HP as much as possible.See, a healthy Pokémon isn't easy to catch.
Oh, yeah. They also get easier to catch if you make one of your Pokémon put them to sleep or such.
Here, <var>, I'll give you some Poké Balls to get you started.
If you have lots of Pokémon with you, you'll be able to travel farther.
That way, you'll have a better shot at meeting more Pokémon.See you around!
Some Pokémon only appear in the morning.Some only come out at night.I'm going to keep waiting right here till I've seen every last one of 'em!
Route 202 Sandgem Town
Route 202 Jubilife City
Trainer Tips!The Pokémon that are involved in a battle earn more Exp. Points than the Pokémon on your team that are not involved in the battle!
The more your Pokémon battle,the stronger they will become.
Hey, <var>? The professor told me something.He thinks <var> may have reappeared at the Spear Pillar...
Hi, <var>!You're friends with the elder of Celestic Town,aren't you?She told me that she had something she wanted to show you.
Hi, <var>! May I see your Pokédex?...
Oh my gosh! You've seen every kind of Pokémon in Sinnoh!Have you shown your Pokédex to Professor Rowan yet?
Hey, <var>, have you ever chatted with my kid sister?
Oh, <var>, are you acquainted with Bebe?
She lives in Hearthome City.Every Trainer should make it a point to pay Bebe a visit.
Hey! <var>, you've got a Poké Radar?
Watch for tall grass to rustle wildly when you use your Poké Radar.That could be a sign that a rare Pokémon is hiding in there.
Hi, <var>! How's your Poké Radar?
When you use it, do you sometimes see more than one patch of tall grass rustling?The patch farther away gives you a better chance of seeing the same kind of Pokémon in a row.That's the feeling I get, anyway.
Sometimes a patch of grass sparkles when a Poké Radar is used.People say a Shiny Pokémon is hiding there!Could that be true?
<var>!<var>, <var>,<var>!
Congratulations for completing the National Pokédex!
Is today maybe...your birthday, <var>?
*giggle*Congratulations, <var>!And many more happy returns!
Oh, it isn't?I wonder what made me think that today was your birthday.
<var>! I heard from the professor!Congratulations, Champ!
Hey, <var>! The prof told me something cool.He thinks <var> has reappeared at the Spear Pillar!
Hi, <var>!You know the elder of Celestic Town, right?She told me she wanted to show you something.
Hey, <var>!Let me take a look at your Pokédex....
Awesome! You've seen every kind of Pokémon in Sinnoh!Have you shown this Pokédex to Professor Rowan yet?
Hey, <var>, have you ever seen my kid sister?
Hey, <var>, have you met Bebe?
She lives out in Hearthome City.If you're a Trainer, you owe it to yourself to visit her.
Hey, <var>! You've got yourself a Poké Radar, too?
Watch for tall grass to rustle wildly when you use that Poké Radar.That's a sign that rare Pokémon may be hiding there.
Hi, <var>! How's your Poké Radar working out?
When you use it, do you sometimes see more than one patch of tall grass rustling?The patch farther away gives you a better chance of seeing the same kind of Pokémon in a row.I think that's how it goes.
Sometimes, a patch of grass sparkles when a Poké Radar is used.They say a Shiny Pokémon is hiding there!I wonder if that's true.
<var>!Wow! I don't know what to say! I mean, it's so awesome and all.
Congratulations on completing the National Pokédex!
Hey, <var>! Is it maybe your birthday today?
I thought so! Congratulations, <var>!You know, I'm glad we're friends!
Huh? It isn't?Now, what made me think it was your birthday?Freaky weird.
<var>, the professor told me the news! Congratulations, Champ!
Oh! There you are! Please, come with me!The professor is waiting!
This is it—our Pokémon Research Lab!Let's go...
Hi! I've been waiting for you! Please, come with me. The prof's waiting to see you.
See? This is our Pokémon Research Lab.We'll just go ahead and...
*thud*
What the... Oh, it's you, <var>!That old guy... He's not scary so much as he is totally out there!Aww, it doesn't matter, <var>.I'm out of here. See you later!
Wow, what was that?Your friend sure seems to be really impatient.
Well, anyway... Let's go inside.
What was that?!Your friend always seems to be in such a rush.
Anyway... Let's go in.
OK, <var>, I'll act as your mentor.
I've got a bit more experience than you as a Trainer and as the professor's assistant.OK, follow me!
This building with the red roof is the Pokémon Center.It's the place that heals Pokémon that have been hurt in battle.
You can find a Pokémon Center in most towns.
The building with the blue roof over here is the Poké Mart.It's a shop where you can buy and sell items and medicine.
<var>, since you're a novice Trainer,you won't be able to buy many kinds of merchandise.Don't let it bother you!
Oh, that's right! <var>...Don't you need to let your family know that you're going to be helping Professor Rowan with the Pokédex?
You may need to travel pretty far, so I think you should let someone know.
Oh, but before you go, heal up your Pokémon at the Pokémon Center.It will be a lot less scary that way. OK, bye now!
Hey, <var>!I want to show you a few things.
So, follow me!
This building with the red roof is the Pokémon Center.You can get your Pokémon healed if it's been hurt in battle.
You'll find a Pokémon Center in most towns.
Over here, the building with the blue roof is the Poké Mart.It's a shop where you can buy and sell all sorts of items.
<var>, since you're a rookie Trainer,you won't be able to buy very much stuff.Don't worry about it, OK?
Oh, yeah, right! <var>...You should let your family know you're helping Professor Rowan put together his Pokédex.
You may have to travel pretty far, so you should let someone know.
Oh, but first, go heal up your Pokémon at the Pokémon Center.You'll be safe, then. OK, be seeing you!
Oh, wow! Pokémon are so cool!I wish I had some!You can help yours get stronger by having them battle!
That thing you have—it's a Pokédex, isn't it?!Now you're off to see all kinds of Pokémon!Lucky you!
So I don't forget what's happened till now,I'd better save this...There! Now I can take a break.
Sandgem Town Town of Sand
Pokémon Research Lab
<var>'s House
Poké Mart Fulfill All Your Item Needs!
Pokémon Center Heal Your Pokémon!
If a Pokémon loses all its HP, it can't battle anymore.I'm buying lots of Potions to avoid having that happen!
If you come across a Pokémon you've just gotta have, throw a Poké Ball!Never leave home without one!
Talk to that nice lady at the counter and hand her your Pokémon.She'll restore your Pokémon to perfect health in no time at all!
Do you see that PC over there?That fancy blue one?If you've got Pokémon with you, it's free to use.
The Local Club is located at the top floor of any Pokémon Center.There, you can have all sorts of fun with your friends.
I feel nervous about going into the Local Room.
...
Finally, you've come. <var>, was it?Let me see that Pokémon again.
...
Hmm... I see.This Pokémon seems to be rather happy.
Well well!You've made your Pokémon evolve already?!
All righty then!I'll give that <var> to you as a gift.
Now that it's yours, would you like to give it a nickname?
Hmm, OK, I see.And you're happy with that nickname?
Your friend <var> told me what happened at the lake.I heard you battled very well, despite it being your first time.
And, from what I can see, there is a growing bond between you and that Pokémon, though it is still young.
That's why I would like to entrust you with <var>.
I'm so glad that you're kind toward Pokémon!If you weren't, I'd have to... Oh, I just can't say it.
Am I ever glad you're kind toward Pokémon!If you weren't, well...I don't even want to think about it.
Er-hem! Let's move on to the main topic.There is something I want you to do for me.
My name is Rowan. I study Pokémon.
First of all, I want to know exactly what kinds of Pokémon live in the Sinnoh region.To do so, it is necessary to collect data using the Pokédex.
This is what I wish to ask of you.I want to entrust you with this Pokédex.Will you use it to record data on all the Pokémon in Sinnoh for me?
............
I can stand here without speaking for hours.I'm a very patient man.
Let me ask you again, <var>.I want to entrust you with this Pokédex.Will you use it to record data on all the Pokémon in Sinnoh for me?
Hm! Good answer!
You obtained the Pokédex!
That Pokédex is a very high-tech device.It will automatically record data on every kind of Pokémon you encounter.
<var>, I ask that you go everywhere and meet every kind of Pokémon in this region!
I've got one, too!
I've got the same kind of Pokédex as you.
When you walked up Route 201 with your Pokémon, what did you feel?
I've lived for 60 long years. Even now, I get a thrill when I'm with a Pokémon.
Now, you should know that there are countless Pokémon in this world.That means there are just as many thrills waiting for you out there!
Now go!<var>, your grand adventure begins right now!
Go on!<var>, your grand adventure awaits you!
The Pokémon that I used for the first time was <var>!If you would have chosen <var> at the lake, we'd have the same Pokémon now!
Not that it matters, but...Anyways, I'm Dawn.I also help the professor add pages to the Pokédex.
So, in a sense, I'm just like you.I just got a little head start on you, that's all.
I'll be happy to teach you things. Glad to meet you, <var>!
The professor asked me to help, so I'm going to go out and fill the Pokédex pages, too.
That makes us comrades working toward the same goal.I'll teach you stuff later, OK?
I'm <var>'s father.I'll be happy to assist you on your quest for the professor.Hahaha. Eh... I'm sure we can count on you!
Professor Rowan invented a new Pokédex while working alongside a professor from the Kanto region!
Adventure Rule No. 1 The X Button opens the menu.
Adventure Rule No. 2 Record your progress with Save.
It's crammed full of books with all sorts of Pokémon information.
There's a lot of reference material and research reports on Pokémon.
Ah, <var>!You've come to show me your progress on the Pokédex?
Hmm...So, you've seen <var> Pokémon.
What's wrong? You're not going to tell me you've seen too few to bother showing me?
Bravo, <var>!You've recorded all the Pokémon of Sinnoh in your Pokédex!
This will help immeasurably with my studies on Pokémon Evolution...
Hm! <var>, I've been waiting to see you!
You've met every kind of Pokémon there is in the Sinnoh region!This will help immensely with my studies on Pokémon Evolution...
Greetings, Professor Rowan! It's been a very long time!
I'll tell you, Sinnoh certainly is a long trip from Kanto.Of course, if it means meeting new Pokémon,there's no distance too great for the likes of us to travel.
Oh! If it isn't my old colleague, Professor Oak!I should have expected as much from the world's authority on Pokémon!
We always used to joke, "Where there are Pokémon, you'll find Oak!"It's good to see that hasn't changed one bit!
Professor Oak, let me introduce you to my young assistant.This youngster has filled every page of the Sinnoh Pokédex for me.
Ah, well, very glad to meet you! As you've heard,my name is Oak.I've been hearing a great deal about you from Professor Rowan lately.
He's been exuberant in praise about a fantastic young Trainer.I see that you live up to—no—that you've surpassed his praise.You've also got an impeccable sense of timing.
You see, I had an errand to run for Professor Rowan on my visit here. He'd asked me to bring the data for the National Pokédex.
So, since you're here, let me upgrade your Pokédex with the National Mode.After all, there are many kinds of Pokémon in this world of ours!
Your Pokédex was upgraded with the National Mode!
I'm afraid it won't be easy to complete the National Pokédex. However, I'm sure you will make an honest attempt on our behalf!
Have no fear. <var> will get the job done.By the way, Professor Oak, what compelled you to visit this region?
Ah, yes. I've heard that Ramanas Park is now open. If I remember correctly, it's at the end of Route 221.
Ramanas Park has a special system that attracts every imaginable kind of Pokémon from every region.
I've come to make certain that system is operating properly.
<var>, you should make an effort to visit Ramanas Park, too.
Oops! I'll be late for my meeting if I don't get going!
OK, it was a pleasure seeing the both of you!Bye now!
<var>, you should make an effort to visit Ramanas Park, too.
Oops! I'll be late for my meeting if I don't get going!
OK, it was a pleasure seeing the both of you!Bye now!
Off he goes, as busy as ever...
Now, <var>...I have a gift here as your reward for completing the Sinnoh Pokédex.
That's the Pokémon Radar—or just Poké Radar for short.Use it, and it will indicate grass patches where Pokémon are lurking.
I'd prepared that to help my field assistants put together the Sinnoh Pokédex, but you took care of that!I'm sure it will be useful for your goal of filling the National Pokédex.
The world is immense. There are many more Pokémon.That means there are many more thrills for you to seek and enjoy!
You checked the PC.The screen is filled with special terms and academic writing that is impossible to figure out.
The refrigerator is filled with tasty sweets! Mmm...
It's really quite something! Imagine... Cataloging every kind of Pokémon in the Sinnoh region!
And in complete contrast,there's <var>...Anyway, you've been great for the prof's Pokémon Evolution research!
Yes, that's correct.Professor Rowan has been studying Pokédex systems with Professor Oak.
Ah, so that Rowan fellow is back?
He's quite the remarkable man. He's been studying Pokémon since way, way back.My son and grandchild help Rowan with his studies now.
Oh my! You've got a National Pokédex?
How fantastic is that?!Rowan should be delighted. It will greatly help his research.
But, young Trainer...you should know this.In this world, there are three hundred...No, four hundred... No, no, no! There're a lot more kinds of Pokémon than that!
Who are you?...Oh... You're <var>?
Hey, you're doing that Pokédex thingy for the professor!Wow! That's the same as my big sister! Go for it!
Who are you?...Oh... You're <var>?
You're doing that Pokédex thingy for the professor!Wow! That's the same as my big brother!Go for it!
Oh, hi, <var>!There was news on TV saying there is a massive outbreak of Pokémon!
That'd be great for filling up your Pokédex!
Let me see... What did that news say now...?<var>! They said there's a whole bunch of <var> there!<var>, you have to hurry!I want you to do better than my sister Dawn!
Let me see... What did that news say now...?<var>! They said there's a whole bunch of <var> there!<var>, you have to hurry!I want you to do better than my brother Lucas!
It's the latest game console—a Nintendo Switch!
You checked the PC screen.Adventure Rule No. 1 The X Button opens the menu!
Adventure Rule No. 2 Record your progress with Save.There is nothing else on here...
Pokémon grow steadily stronger from battling against other Pokémon.At first, you should heal your Pokémon regularly at Pokémon Centers while you're leveling them up.
A good Trainer is one that takes care not to let their Pokémon faint from losing HP.
*thud*
What was that about?!Oh, hey, <var>!I'm going to the lake! You should come, too!And be quick about it!OK, <var>? I'm fining you 1 million if you're late!
Oh, jeez! Forgot something!
Hiya, <var>.<var> was looking for you.I think he's home now. Why don't you go check it out?
Hiya, <var>.<var> was looking for you.I think he's home now. Why don't you go check it out?
Hiya, <var>.You're looking for <var>?He just went tearing off a little while ago.He's probably not gone too far. Why not go chase after him?
<var>? He went tearing off in a huge rush a while ago.
Everyone goes off on adventures, and then they gradually grow up...
It's true that wild Pokémon do attack people sometimes...However, Pokémon also let you become friends with them.
Oh! A Pokémon! You look good together!
Oh, you're helping put together a Pokédex?That means you're going to travel all over the region with Pokémon!That sounds like a lot of fun! I'm a little envious,to be honest!
Technology just blows me away!I mean, now you can play with people around the world...wirelessly!
Twinleaf Town Fresh and Free!
<var>'s House
<var>'s House
Oh, hi, <var>. Are you looking for <var>?
He was gone for a second, but then he came running right back home.He just can't sit still, that boy. I wonder who he takes after.
Oh, hi, <var>. Did you come calling on <var>?
He was gone for a second, but then he came running right back home.He just can't sit still, that boy. I wonder who he takes after.
That kid rocketed off again like usual.
I'd guess he would be out on Route 201 by now?He just can't sit still, that boy. I wonder who he takes after.
<var> should be out on Route 201 by now.
He just can't sit still, that boy. I wonder who he takes after.
Oh, you've become friends with a Pokémon, too.
<var> took off like a rocket as usual.He was shouting something about becoming the greatest Trainer ever...
He just can't sit still, that boy. I wonder who he takes after.
I'd better take my Bag and Guidebook, too...
Oh, hey, <var>!We're going to the lake! I'll be waiting on the road! It's a 10 million fine if you're late!
It's the latest game console—a Nintendo Switch!
You checked the PC screen.
Adventure Rule No. 1 The X Button opens the menu!
Adventure Rule No. 2 Record your progress with Save.There is nothing else on here...
<var>! <var> came calling for you a little while ago.I don't know what it was about, but he said it was an emergency.
You know how impatient <var> is.He took off before I could even ask what it was about.
Bye-bye, <var>! You take care now!
Oh, yes! <var>! Don't go into the tall grass. Wild Pokémon might attack you.
It would be OK if you had your own Pokémon,but you don't, so...
What is it, dear? Isn't <var> waiting for you?
What's up, dear?...Wow. I can't believe that happened to you.
Am I ever glad that both you and<var> are unharmed.The professor you mentioned is most likely Professor Rowan of Sandgem Town.
I've heard that he is well known for his studies on Pokémon. I hear he's also quite intimidating...
<var>, I think you need to visit him in Sandgem Town.You need to properly explain why you had no choice but to use his Pokémon.
Don't worry! I'm sure he will understand.
Oh, I know! <var>, put these on.
You received a pair of Running Shoes!
Going to Sandgem Town is like an adventure in itself, right?With those Running Shoes, you can get to faraway places much faster.
OK, let me read the instructions..."Tilt the Left Stick firmly and dash about faster than ever before!"
"Put on the Running Shoes and blaze new trails of adventure!"Well, isn't that just nifty!
I'll read you the instructions for the Running Shoes...
"Tilt the Left Stick firmly and dash about faster than ever before!"
"Put on the Running Shoes and blaze new trails of adventure!"Well, isn't that just nifty!
Welcome home, <var>. Are you and your Pokémon healthy?It's still early in the morning. Take a quick rest, dear.
Welcome home, <var>. Are you and your Pokémon healthy?Take a quick rest, dear.
Welcome home, <var>. Are you and your Pokémon healthy?I just made dinner. Take a quick rest, dear.
Welcome home, <var>. Are you and your Pokémon healthy?It's so late right now... Take a quick rest, dear.
What's up, <var>?...
Wow. Professor Rowan asked you to do something that big.OK, dear, go for it! Your mom's got your back!
Oh, I know! <var>, I've got something that you'll find useful.
That's a Guidebook. Take a look at it when you are curious about something or have questions during your adventure. You may find an answer.
Gee, a journey full of adventure...I envy you, kiddo.Plus, you're not alone. You have your Pokémon with you. I wish I could go instead!
I'm just joking, <var>!I'll be all right by myself, dear, so you go and enjoy your adventure!
When you're exposed to new things and experience new sensations...it makes your mother happy, too.
But please come back sometimes. I would like to see the kinds of Pokémon you've caught, dear.
Excuse me. Is my little <var> here?
Oh? No, he's not...
Oh... Then he must have left already...What to do...
That boy shouted about going on an adventure,then he bolted.He's so headstrong and reckless... I at least wanted him to take this...
Not to worry. <var> will deliver that to him.
Won't you, <var>?
Oh, really? You'd do that for me?<var>, please take this to<var> for me.
Oh, really? You'd do that for me?<var>, please take this to<var> for me.
Let me think... Knowing my boy, he would probably head straight to Jubilife City...OK, please take that to my <var>.
Bye-bye, <var>!Enjoy your adventure!
Bye-bye, <var>!Enjoy your adventure!
Here we are! It's the Contest Digest!The winner of today's Normal Rank Cuteness Contest is...
Brooke, who entered a breathtakingly agile Pokémon!That's all the time we have today!Until next time!
Here we are! It's the Contest Digest!The winner of today's Normal Rank Cleverness Contest is...
Westley, who won with his particularly well-groomed Pokémon!That's all the time we have today!Let's meet again!
Here we are! It's the Contest Digest!The winner of today's Normal Rank Toughness Contest is...
Dominic, who overwhelmed with his eerily vocal Pokémon!That's all the time we have today!Let's meet again!
Mom's favorite dessert is in the refrigerator.
Mom's kitchen is spotless! You can see your face on the floor!
This is where Mom does all her delicious cooking.
<var>! <var> came looking for you a little while ago.
I don't know what it was about, but he was shouting about you needing to get on a ship at Snowpoint City.You know how impatient he is. He was gone before I could ask.
<var>! <var> came looking for you a little while ago.
I don't know what it was about, but he was shouting about you needing to get on a ship at Snowpoint City.You know how impatient he is. He was gone before I could ask.
Anyway, how's it going, kid? Is your project with Professor Rowan coming along?
It's the Hidden Moves app!Use Rock Smash from your Pokétch, and a wild Pokémon will get rid of boulders on your path!
That concludes our special report, "Search for the Red Gyarados!"Brought to you by Jubilife TV on Nationwide Net!
See you next week—same time, same channel!
The TV is showing the title screen of a video game.
The X Button opens the menu!
It's the latest game console—a Nintendo Switch!
You checked the PC.Pokémon Basics...
People live alongside Pokémon in this world.The people that battle Pokémon are called Pokémon Trainers.
You're off to hang with <var> again,right? You two sure are tight!
I went on an adventure with some Pokémon a long time ago.It was only to the next town, though.Yeah, good times...
Did you hear? The Pokémon Professor returned to the next town over.They say he was gone for four long years.I wonder if he found some amazing Pokémon while he was gone?
Well! Professor Rowan gave you a Pokédex,did he?
Listen, listen, <var>. I want a cute Pokémon!
Listen, listen, <var>.Do you think I can be friends with Pokémon like you are?
Hi, <var>! Are you catching Pokémon?
Wow! You've already got <var> Pokémon with you!At that pace, your Pokédex should be full in no time at all!
Um...I think you'd feel a lot safer if you were to catch some more.
In Jubilife City, there's the Trainers' School,which... Well, you know.
<var>, you should visit it. You'll get some tips on Pokémon.Oh yes, <var> went to the Trainers'School earlier. OK, bye now!
Hey, <var>! How many Pokémon have you caught?
Whoa! You already have <var> Pokémon with you!
Huh? I think you should catch some more.It might be more of a challenge raising a lot of Pokémon...But it's worth it. The more Pokémon you have,the happier you'll be.
In Jubilife City, there's the Trainers' School.Check it out, <var>.Oh yeah, <var> went to the Trainers'School earlier.
OK, see you around! Work hard on your Pokédex!
Jubilife City is built on land carved out of a mountain. The people and Pokémon of Oreburgh City helped out with that undertaking.
Hello! Let me ask you, have you paid a visit to the TV station?If you've never been, you owe it to yourself to make the trip.
And, if you've been there before, it never hurts to visit again.After all, you can be a star!Or at least dream of being one!
By the way, have you visited the Trainers' School?Not yet, right? You really must visit there!
By the way, have you participated in the Pokétch campaign?Not yet, right? You really must try!
Hey, you! Yes, you with that cool scarf!You should have seen the boy who came running by earlier. He ran past me so quickly that I couldn't even manage a hello.
Jubilife City is a big place.Take your time sightseeing.
By the way, have you visited the Trainers' School?Not yet, right? You really must visit there!
By the way, have you participated in the Pokétch campaign?Not yet, right? You really must try!
Oh? You are a Pokémon Trainer?But you don't have a Pokétch yet?
Pokétch is short for Pokémon Watch!Oh my, you are a rare case indeed!
You see, I invented, and now manufacture,Pokétches. Not only that, I'm now conducting the Pokétch promotional campaign!
All you have to do is find three clowns in Jubilife City. If you can find them...I'll give you your very own Pokétch!
The three clowns will each ask you a simple question.
The questions will all have to do with Pokémon—After all, a Pokétch is a tool designed for devoted Pokémon Trainers!Collect a Coupon from each clown,then come see me, OK?
OK, let me count your Coupons! I'll just pull out my Pokétch here and...One...two...three! Bravo! I say, bravo!
In return for these Coupons, I present you with this Pokémon Watch, or Pokétch for short!
You received a Pokétch!
You can add apps to your Pokétch to make it even more versatile!Please press the R Button and try it out!
Hi! I'm a Pokétch campaign clown!Let's "rollout" my question!Does a Pokémon grow by defeating others and gaining Exp. Points?
Ding-ding!You're absolutely correct!
Bzzzzt!That's the wrong answer...
Pokémon grow stronger by defeating other Pokémon in battle.Some Pokémon even change into a different Pokémon through a process known as Evolution.
Here you go! Your Pokétch Coupon!
Pokémon grow stronger through battling.Some Pokémon even change into a different Pokémon through a process known as Evolution.
Hi! I'm a Pokétch campaign clown!Let's "rollout" my question!Just like Pokémon, do the moves of Pokémon also have types?
Ding-ding!You're absolutely correct!
Bzzzzt!That's the wrong answer...
If a Pokémon's type matches the type of a move it uses, that move is made much more powerful!
Here you go! Your Pokétch Coupon!
If a Pokémon's type matches the type of a move it uses, that move is made much more powerful!
Hi! I'm a Pokétch campaign clown!Let's "rollout" my question!Can a Pokémon hold an item?
Ding-ding!You're absolutely correct!
Bzzzzt!That's the wrong answer...
A Pokémon may hold a single item.
Some items become effective as soon as they are held by a Pokémon.Berries are eaten by Pokémon as necessary during battle.
Here you go! Your Pokétch Coupon!
Hi there. You should stick around.We're doing a Pokétch campaign soon.Before it starts, I think you should brush up at the Trainers' School.
A Pokémon may hold a single item.
Some items become effective as soon as they are held by a Pokémon.Berries are eaten by Pokémon as necessary during battle.
Ah, <var>.Impeccable timing, as always.These miscreants are babbling utter nonsense that I just can't stomach.Show them some manners, if you will.
Oh, Professor, must you be so difficult?We are approaching you strictly as businessmen.
All you must do is provide us with all your research findings.In return, we'll see to it that your assistant doesn't become collateral damage.
<var>, let's battle together and teach these losers a lesson!
<var>, let's battle together and teach these losers a lesson!
You leave us no option. We will retreat for now.Because Team Galactic is benevolent to all,we shall leave.
So...They call themselves Team Galactic, do they?When Pokémon evolve, they seem to release some sort of energy.
I believe it's a mystic power far beyond our control. But Team Galactic seems to be trying to harness that power for something...
Anyway, <var>, well done!You battle quite capably.
Seeing you Trainers battle side by side with your Pokémon only makes me more confident in my decision to entrust you with a Pokédex!
<var>, did you know?The professor studies the Evolution of Pokémon, too.
According to his research, 90% of all Pokémon are somehow tied to Evolution!I guess that means some Pokémon must undergo startling Evolutions.
So, <var>, let's keep working on our Pokédex project for the professor!
<var>, did you know that the professor studies the Evolution of Pokémon, too?
According to his research, 90% of all Pokémon are somehow tied to Evolution!I guess that means some unexpected Pokémon must undergo Evolution, too...
So, <var>, let's keep working on our Pokédex project for the professor!
Oh, that was very good! Nicely done!Truly excellent!
Oh, I beg your pardon! I'm from Jubilife TV.I'd like you to have something for letting me see that smashing battle!
That look... You're obviously a Trainer!Will you tell me what type of Pokémon you like?
Fire-type Pokémon?You must have a fiery personality.
A person who likes Water-type Pokémon must be pretty cool.
You chose Grass-type Pokémon?No wonder you look so calm.
Did you see me on TV? I was in an interview!
When you walk with your Pokémon,they gradually grow friendlier.
One, two, three, four, five...six!That should do it.You can only have six Pokémon in your party at a time.
Hiya, where'd you come from?...
Twinleaf Town, huh...It's a nice place—quiet and all.Jubilife City is a big place, so it might be a bit of a shock to you.
Hello, Trainer!Do you know much about Pokémon?
Ah, I see! You're quite well versed indeed!I imagine you wouldn't see the need to visit the Trainers' School, then.But do visit if you have the time. You may discover something new!
Oh, so you're not very familiar with Pokémon...Well, don't worry!You can go visit the Trainers' School, where you'll learn all about the basics of Pokémon.
Just past here is the GWS, which stands for Global Wonder Station.
Oh, you don't have any Gym Badges.The GWS is off-limits if you haven't earned a Gym Badge yet. Sorry!
Just past here is the GWS, which stands for Global Wonder Station.
Trading Pokémon means connecting with friends,both old and new. That's awesome!
I'm trading Pokémon with my buddy!
I gave my Pokémon an item to hold before trading it.That will make the other Trainer double happy!
Jubilife City City of Joy
Jubilife Condominiums Tenants Wanted!
The Pokétch Company Pokémon Watches for the World!
Trainers' School The First Step for Trainers!
Jubilife TV The Fun-and-Games TV Station!
Global Wonder Station Worldwide Pokémon Trading!
Whoooa, what was that just now?That was amazing!Those guys looked awfully scary, but you sure showed 'em!Whew, that was like a breath of fresh air!
Anyway, my name's Bebe, and I work as a system administrator in Hearthome City east of here.Now, as thanks for putting on such a good show,I'll let you access Pokémon Boxes from anywhere!
Now, this boy here... I believe he's your friend.
You can customize your own Capsule Decoration by placing Stickers on Ball Capsules.Put Stickers on your favorite Pokémon's Ball Capsule, and it'll look really pretty when it bursts open!
Stickers will also give you an edge in the Super Contest Shows where I live in Hearthome City,so try to collect a bunch!Anyway, see ya later!
Welcome! How may I serve you?
Please come again!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You don't have enough money.
Certainly. So how many <var> would you like?
So you want <var> <var>?It'll be <var>. All right?
Here you are! Thank you!
You have no room in your Bag.
Cancel
<var>
You also get a Premier Ball as an added bonus.
How many <var> would you like?
Your PC is full. You have no more room to transfer goods.
You obtained <var> <var>!
You can't carry any more Stickers.
If you want to catch a Pokémon, you should try to lower its HP first.If you don't, Poké Balls won't be very effective.
I need Potions most of all!If all my Pokémon faint, I completely black out!
You know how Pokémon have types, like Water,Fire, and Grass?They say that types have strengths and weaknesses against other types.
In the Local Room upstairs, you can battle and trade with other people.
You can still catch Pokémon if you already have six traveling with you.A new Pokémon can be sent to a Pokémon Box!
Knowing that, I can keep on catching more and more Pokémon!It'll make it more fun to check my Boxes!
Hi, hi!I'm the president of the Pokétch Company!
I'm developing a new Pokétch app, but it's not quite done.My guess is that it will be ready after you earn a Gym Badge.
Hi, hi!Your patience is rewarded!I've developed a new Pokétch app!
That's the Memo Pad!It's—well, it is what it is!
I'm developing a new Pokétch app, but it's not quite done.My guess is that it will be ready after you've earned three Gym Badges.
Hi, hi!Your patience is rewarded!I've developed another new Pokétch app!
Having a map constantly displayed is convenient, no?You can also mark things, so it's that much more useful.
Welcome! This is the Global Wonder Station,or GWS for short.
We enable the trading of Pokémon with Trainers worldwide over the internet.
Would you like to use the Global Wonder Station via the internet?
Hello! Welcome to the Global Wonder Station!Would you like to use the Global Wonder Station via the internet?
Hey, <var>! Do you have a minute?Since you're really tough, I was hoping you could teach me about Pokémon battles. Is that OK?
Thanks!I sure am lucky, getting to learn from a Trainer who's made it into the Hall of Fame!All right, here goes!
Yup, all sorts of people will give you Pokétch apps.Everyone loves surprises!
So, yup, what to do? Do you think I should solicit new Pokétch ideas?
Oh, you can be sure I'll keep developing Pokétch apps.Just like Pokémon, my Pokétch is something that evolves!
Welcome to the Pokétch Company.We're actually a family-run business, so we're not very impressive.
We try to think like Trainers when we develop new Pokétch apps.The user's satisfaction is what we're after.
Pokémon Watch! Or Pokétch for short.Say it the long way, and...What does Pokémon stand for again?Anyway, I'm the father of the president of the Pokétch Company!
Cleffy?
Patchii?
Do you have a Pokétch?There are two models, each in a different color.
My husband is the president.We started out in a small workshop where he made whatever he liked.
Now we're making something that makes the world happy. Imagine that!
People everywhere make Pokétch apps.You'll be able to get new apps from surprising sources.The PCs here have guides on the various Pokétch apps.
There are descriptions of Pokétch apps.
Which Pokétch app would you like to read about?
There are descriptions of Pokétch apps.
Which Pokétch app would you like to read about?
There are descriptions of Pokétch apps.
Which Pokétch app would you like to read about?
There are descriptions of Pokétch apps.
Which Pokétch app would you like to read about?
The Digital Watch app displays the current time.Don't be late for meetings with your friends!
The Analog Watch app displays the current time.The short hand indicates the hour, and the long hand shows the minute!
The Kitchen Timer app can count down from up to 99 minutes but not precisely.Set the time with the center button, then start the countdown.
Use the monthly Calendar app to make a note of important dates.Touch any date to change its color. Touch it again to turn it back.
The Calculator app can handle up to 10 digits.It's perfect for figuring out math questions that might pop up.
The Pokémon List app indicates the statuses of your team's Pokémon.Touch them to hear their cries. Their HP bars are also displayed.
The Friendship Checker indicates how friendly your Pokémon are to you.Touch the screen. The Pokémon that like you will come closer.
The Egg Monitor app shows the Pokémon you have in the Pokémon Nursery.You can check and see how your Pokémon are doing without visiting the Pokémon Nursery.
The Pokémon History app keeps track of the Pokémon you have obtained.It records and displays up to 12 Pokémon at a time.
The Memo Pad app is useful for jotting down a note or just doodling.There's an eraser, too, just in case you make a mistake.
The Dot Artist app lets you draw pictures in a mosaic style.Touching the same dot makes its color turn darker.
The Color Changer app changes the Pokétch's display color.Slide the switch to select one of eight colors.
The Marking Map app lets you mark intriguing locations.Drag marks to places on the map that you want to remember.
The Spinner app features a wheel that can be written on.Draw numbers, items, or whatever on the wheel and give it a spin!
The Coin Toss app flips a coin that comes up heads or tails.If you're having trouble making a decision, a coin toss might be handy.
The Pedometer app keeps a count of the number of steps traveled.It automatically counts steps. Touch the button to reset it.
The Dowsing Machine app searches for hidden or obscured items.Touch the radar screen. If there is an item nearby,the radar will respond.
The Counter app is used for counting things one at a time.Touch the button and count whatever needs counting.
The Chain Counter app tracks the performance of the Poké Radar.It shows how many times you've met the same kind of Pokémon in a row.
The Hidden Moves app is used for calling wild Pokémon to help out, such as by removing obstacles in the field.
Do you use Stickers to decorate Ball Capsules?
Go to the gallery on the second floor, and you can see various Ball Capsules burst open.They were customized by Gym Leaders.
This is the Pokémon Lottery Corner.
If your drawn number matches the ID No. of any of your Pokémon, starting with the far right digit,you will receive a fabulous gift!Would you like to save and draw a Pokémon Loto Ticket?
You've already drawn a Loto Ticket today.Please come back tomorrow.
Oh. I see. Please do visit us again.
Please draw a Loto Ticket....
Your Loto Ticket number is <var>.Now, let's see if it matches the ID No. of any of your Pokémon.
Congratulations!The ID No. of <var> in your party matches your Loto Ticket number!
Congratulations!The ID No. of <var> in your Pokémon Boxes matches your Loto Ticket number!
I'm sorry. You didn't get a match...
The last digit matched, so you win prize number four!
The last two digits matched, so you win prize number three!
The last three digits matched, so you win prize number two!
The last four digits matched, so you win prize number one!
Oh my goodness, all five digits matched!This is just so incredible!...Oh, right! Your prize! I'm sorry—I got carried away there.Here you go!
...Oh? You seem to have no room for this.Please make room in your Bag and then let me know.
<var>? Yes, we've been expecting you.This is the prize we've been holding for you.Here you go!
Please do visit again.
They keep records of things like how many battles you've won in a row or how many Pokémon you've caught.You can check everyone's records up on the third floor.
I'm going to get commercials shown on TV.They'll attract more customers to the department store.
The Trainers that gather over there are looking for battles.That area used to be for karaoke, but now it's all battling!
I don't know what to do...What accessories will go well with my dress today?
The star of tomorrow is...you! Your Pokémon has a glow about it!So, a gift for our future star!
The Group Ranking Room is the one closest to the stairs.
The other room is the Global Ranking Room.
I just realized something! It's going to be great!If I trade lots of Pokémon, I'll have a better chance at winning the Pokémon Lottery!
Records are fine things. They tell you the history of stuff.You can really sense the dramatic stories behind all those numbers!
Hey there! How's it going?I'm a TV producer here.Can I get your opinion about something, to help improve our future programming?
Thanks! Just trying to get a feel for our viewers'preferences, you know!So, what kind of TV programs do you like?
Oh, yeah? That's interesting.Thanks for answering my question.I'll file that away for reference.And here, have a Sticker as thanks for your time!
Oh, all right.I can understand how busy it must get for you.It'd be cool if you could give me an answer when you've got time. See you again!
Oh?The fact that you like such a program tells me you're someone in the know!In fact, I'm gonna go ahead and give you extra Stickers!
Make sure you keep your channel tuned to Jubilife TV.
Your exploits are fantastic!With our TV station, we can tell the whole world about you!It's merely one of many possibilities! Harrumph!
"Participation for all" is our TV network's motto.
Here, you can see the experienced Gym Leaders'Capsule Decorations!
Huh! I didn't expect him to place a Sticker there.When it comes to decorating Ball Capsules,each person's originality shines through.His creativity makes my heart pound!Say, you should try creating a one-of-a-kind Poké Ball for yourself!
It looks like the Sinnoh Gym Leaders' Stickers will be displayed here!
Gym Leaders are so cool...But you won't be able to see them here unless you defeat them.
I won a Lucky Egg from the Pokémon Lottery downstairs.
Someone broke my Pokémon-catching record!I'll reclaim my record and regain my place in the standings!
My name isn't in the rankings? What kind of nonsense is that?!It's because I've never taken part in a Super Contest Show.
I bet it'd feel great if I could be number one here!
I really don't win many battles. But it doesn't get me down.I'm trying for the world record at Pokémon fishing!
Sorry, I'm still fine-tuning this thingy here.
You can see the rankings of people in your group here.It makes me try even harder 'cause I can't stand losing to my friends!
These rankings are nifty!I'm going to make a group and compete with all my best friends!
Sorry, I'm still fine-tuning this thingy here.
Hello. Thank you for visiting us today. To which floor may I take you?
1F 2F 3F 4F Never mind
I look forward to serving you again.
Certainly. Elevator going up.
Certainly. Elevator going down.
Sorry, we are already on that floor.
Here we are!
Pokémon are wonderful, deeply mysterious creatures.But to Trainers, it seems the only thing that matters is battling!
Hello there, Trainer!If you get stumped and don't know what to do...
Talk to people! Talk to everyone you see!Go places! Go wherever you can!You'll find many new places by doing just that.
Did you know?Some kinds of Pokémon evolve when they get stronger from battling!When they evolve, they can take on completely different appearances!
Evolution makes Pokémon just that much more fascinating.
When I give my Pokémon nicknames, it's like they're my very own.It gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling!
Isn't my Pokétch quite fetching?A Trainer would be simply lost without a Pokétch,after all.
Piika pi!
Pachipachii?
Oh, your Pokémon is quite adorable!Here, try making it hold this<var>.
A Pokémon holding that Quick Claw can sometimes attack first, even if it is normally a little bit slow.
There are other items that are only useful when given to a Pokémon.Try finding other items that you can make your Pokémon hold.
I sound like I'm a teacher or something.
I like making my Pokémon use their attacks.Sometimes, when Pokémon get stronger, they learn new moves.
Those new moves keep things fresh and are a fun distraction for me!
Did you buy some Heal Balls at the Poké Mart?A Heal Ball completely heals the Pokémon it catches on the spot.
That means you can catch a Pokémon and have it battle ready right away.I wonder what kind of healing space it is inside a Heal Ball...
You can trade Pokémon with people around the world using the Global Wonder Station, right?Just hearing that gets my heart racing.Such exciting times!
When you connect with people on the internet,it's hard to tell if the world's big or small.
That's a big globe, eh?Where do I live on it now? Let's see if I can point it out...
Global Wond...Global Wonde......Global Wonder Station!Phew...What a long and difficult name!
If I keep doing Wonder Trades many many times,someday I'll complete my one-and-only globe.It's my dream to gaze upon it!
You can easily trade Pokémon with Pokémon fans around the world.Isn't that something?
When I imagine that the Pokémon I've raised will be recorded on another person's globe,my eyes tear up...
It makes me a bit nervous to trade Pokémon with strangers, but it makes me excited to think that I can meet Pokémon I've never seen before.
Please do visit again.
I hope you enjoy your visit to the Global Wonder Station!
Welcome to Geonet, the high-tech globe!
What would you like to do?
Hey, <var>! Did you come to study, too?I went ahead and memorized everything that was up on the blackboard.
After all, it's the Trainer's job to avoid having their precious Pokémon hurt in battle, right?
So, <var>, what brings you here?You've got something for me?
You delivered the Parcel.
So, what is this?Score! It's a Town Map!
Huh?! Why are there two in here?I like it a lot, but I don't need two.Here, <var>, you take one!
You obtained a Town Map!
Hmm...Well, according to the Town Map, I guess Oreburgh City is where I should be going next.
There's a Gym, so it'd be perfect for raising the Pokémon I just caught.
Well, I'm on the road to becoming the greatest Trainer of all time!See you around!
You just became a Trainer, did you?You should look up topics that you're not familiar with.
We learned about Pokémon types today. Umm...
Grass is weak to Fire, Fire is weak to Water, and Water is weak to Grass! I think that's how it goes!
Pokémon are smart enough to use items they're holding.But they won't know what to do with human-made items like Potions and Antidotes.
I wrote an essay in my notebook on what makes a true Pokémon Trainer.
The blackboard lists status changes that may affect Pokémon in battle.
Which status would you like to read about?
If a Pokémon is poisoned, it will steadily lose HP.The effects of poison remain after a battle.Heal a poisoning using an Antidote.
Paralysis reduces Speed and may prevent Pokémon from using any moves.Paralysis also lingers after battle, so use a Paralyze Heal to clear up its nasty effects.
If a Pokémon falls asleep, it will be unable to attack till it wakes.The Pokémon may wake up on its own, but if the battle ends first, then it will stay asleep.You can wake it up using an Awakening.
Burns lower a Pokémon's Attack and steadily reduce its HP. They linger even after battle.You can cure burns using a Burn Heal.
If a Pokémon is frozen, it becomes completely helpless.It may thaw out on its own, but if the battle ends first, it will remain frozen afterward.You can thaw it out using an Ice Heal.
It's a notebook filled with writing. Let's see...
Pokémon are to be caught using Poké Balls.Up to six Pokémon can accompany a Trainer.
A Trainer is someone who catches Pokémon,raises them, and battles with them.
A Trainer's mission is to defeat the strong Trainers who await challengers in Pokémon Gyms.
I got my Pikachu by trading from a distant land.
He grows quickly and his level's high, but he doesn't listen to me.It's not always easy, but Pikachu is still my irreplaceable partner!
Pikapikapikaaah!
If everyone around the world had Pokémon...then everyone around the world could communicate!
We came here because I wanted to see the place where the Pokémon I got from a trade grew up.
I think about my friends every time I see the Pokémon I traded with them!
You can trade Pokémon with people around the world using the Global Wonder Station, right?Just hearing that gets my heart racing.Such exciting times!
When you connect with people on the internet,it's hard to tell if the world's big or small.
Oh, lookie there! You've got a Pokétch!Hmm... You're still a pretty new Trainer,aren't you?
But it's all good! You're a new fellow friend of Pokémon!So, let me make a gift of these Technical Machines to you!
Each of these TMs contains the move Rock Smash.FYI, when you use a Technical Machine to teach your Pokémon a move, that TM will then break.So think very carefully about when to use it.I've also added a new feature to your Pokétch,rookie Trainer!
But to use this hidden move in the field, you'll first need the Gym Badge from Oreburgh City.I'm looking forward to seeing your growth!
Oh! Good golly!That's Oreburgh City's Gym Badge!All right! Now you can use the hidden move Rock Smash on small boulders!
Do you see those slanted rocks on the ground?It feels awesome taking those fast on a bike.
Hi! How's it going?You're in the <var> group with<var> as the leader, right?Would you like to leave that group and join another one?
Hi! How's it going?You're in the <var> group with<var> as the leader, right?Would you like to leave that group and make a new one?
Hi! I know it's a little sudden, but would you like to join a group?If you join a group, you can compete or cooperate with fellow members. It's a lot of fun.Want to join?
Which group would you like to join?
Oh. That's too bad.
Oh, you want to make a new group? Sure thing!The group you made before will be disbanded,though. Is that OK?
Cool! What do you want to name your group?
The <var> group, huh?That's a great name!The group's leader is <var>.I hope they get more members!
The <var> group?<var> is the leader.Would you like to join this group?
OK! <var> is now a member of the <var> group.
Mix your records in any Local Room, and you'll be able to join a group of friends you met there.
When you're in the same group, events can happen simultaneously.It makes things a lot more fun playing in a group!
Anyone can make a group, and anyone can join.I hope you recruit lots of friends so everyone can have fun!
I want to make a group
I want to join a group
Tell me about groups
No, thanks
<var> Group
<var> Group
<var> Group
<var> Group
<var> Group
I changed my mind
Isn't there already another group with that name?
Route 218 Canalave City
Route 218 Jubilife City
Route 218 up ahead is a great fishing hole that's almost unknown to people.
Yes, sir! An Old Rod is a good thing! You think so too, am I right?
Yes! Good answer! We can be friends!Here you go. That's my <var>!
You should fish wherever there is a body of water.Oh, and by the way, did you need any tips on using that fishing rod?
Oh, really? You don't like to fish?
First, you face any body of water. Then you use your fishing rod. Next, you focus!If a Pokémon bites, an "!" appears. That's your cue to reel it in!
The first hurdle when you're fishing for Pokémon is getting a bite.Then you've got to battle the Pokémon after you reel it in. So, fishing gives you twice as much fun!
Gee, I sure am thirsty...
<var>, long time no see!Oh? You look puzzled. You're wondering who I am.
I'm Professor Rowan's assistant and<var>'s father.The professor asked that I upgrade your Pokédex, you see. So I'd chosen this spot on a hunch that you'd pass through.
<var>, may I have your Pokédex for a moment?
<var>, long time no see!Oh? You look puzzled. You're wondering who I am.
I'm Professor Rowan's assistant and<var>'s father.The professor asked that I upgrade your Pokédex, you see. So I'd chosen this spot on a hunch that you'd pass through.
<var>, may I have your Pokédex for a moment?
Let's see... Was I supposed to put in the software here...?*ka-chunk**ka-chunk*
...Hm? It looks like your Pokédex doesn't need upgrading. It already lets you toggle between images of male and female Pokémon.Technology sure has improved lately!
OK, I'll leave you to carry on with your project for the professor....May I also ask you to keep an eye on Team Galactic?
The professor is concerned about what happened in Jubilife City...It's probably nothing to worry over! I'll be on my way now.
Hey! <var>! Tell me you got a little tougher!Me? Do you even need to ask? Of course I got tougher!Come on! Let's battle it out!
Waaah! What do you mean I lost?!Well, that's it! That's the last time I'll ever lose!
I'm going to be the world's toughest Trainer,and you know it!
The first thing to do is take on the Oreburgh City Pokémon Gym! I'm gonna toughen up for that, totally!
Did you know?The first Pokémon to appear in a battle is the one at the top of your team list.
Route 203 Jubilife City
Route 203 Oreburgh City
Trainer Tips!If a Pokémon is about to evolve, it can be instantly stopped.Press the B Button during Evolution to startle the Pokémon into stopping.That is how Evolution can be canceled.
Trainer Tips!Pokémon moves use energy called Power Points—or PP for short.To replenish PP, head for any Pokémon Center.
Hunh?Oh, it's you, <var>! You finally got here? You're slow like always.
You're so slow, the Gym Leader's long gone now.He said he had to go to... Uh... Oh yeah—to Oreburgh Mine!
I got my Badge already, so it's no big deal to me, but...
I told you—the Gym Leader isn't here.If you want to challenge the Gym, you'd better go down to the mine and ask him.
But, wow, a Gym Leader is in a different class of toughness. Even I'm feeling run down.
*thud*
Whoops! <var>! You got the Gym Badge, huh?Eterna City is the next place with a Gym that gives away Badges, right?
So, yeah, I went to Route 207, but you can't go through it without a bike.I made my team battle and toughened them up,so it wasn't a waste.
So, I'm going back to Jubilife City. Next stop,the Eterna Gym Badge!Ten seconds before I dash!Nine...Bah! Who's got time to count?!
Howdy, Trainer!If you don't have a single Gym Badge, other Trainers will look down on you like you're a total noob, right?So, I'll show you where the town's Pokémon Gym is.
Huh? There's someone there.
Is that guy in front of the Gym your friend?He's sort of twitchy and impatient.
Oh, hi—you're back! The Gym Leader's waiting for you.
Can I see your Trainer Case?The Gym Badge you just won is in it, right?
The Gym Leader went off to work in the mine.
The Gym Leader is young, but he's the safety supervisor of the mine.He's an expert in more than just one field!
Everyone's proud of the mine.They're digging for coal under the sea as we speak... It's amazing how they do it!
Up ahead there's a huge mountain that towers above everything.It divides Sinnoh into two distinct halves.
Have you seen the vents? They release steam from down below.
These vents exchange the hot air down below with fresh air from outside.Looking down them gives me the urge to start yelling into 'em! Hello!
There's no question that this is hard, hard work.But working alongside Pokémon... It gives me a boost somehow. Here, take one of these.
Feeling hale and hearty puts a smile on my face.And that makes me happy.
This pile of dirty sand is called a slag heap.
It's the waste from sorting coal.
Chop, chop, Machop!Chop, chop away on rocks! ♪
There are a lot of different TMs.It's tricky trying to decide which Pokémon should learn what moves.
When I run around with my Running Shoes on,it feels like I'm the center of attention!
Macho! Chopo!
Oreburgh City City of Energy
Oreburgh Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Roark"Call me Roark the Rock!"
Oreburgh Mining Museum"Coal Mining and You!"
Oreburgh Coal Mine Beware of Busy Pokémon!
The Badges that Pokémon Gyms give you are a measure of a Trainer's worth.By getting more Badges, you get to buy more items in Poké Marts.
The Poké Mart girls are so pretty! They leave me tongue-tied...
It's lined with colorful binders.
It's chock-full of Pokémon books and photo collections.
Pokémon magazines!Pokémon Pal... Pokémon Handbook...Adorable Pokémon...
The trash can is empty.
The shelves are jammed with colorful Pokémon goods.
There are eight Gym Leaders in the Sinnoh region.The objective for Trainers is to get Gym Badges from them all.
A Gym Leader isn't just like any Trainer you meet.I'd take as many Pokémon as possible if I were you.
Roark lets us train our Pokémon in the mine.
Giving nicknames to Pokémon is the way to go.It makes you feel as if they're your very own.
He named our Psyduck "Yellow" just because of its color...I don't understand the logic behind that at all.
Are you catching Pokémon? Here, take this if you'd like.
The Dusk Ball is a Poké Ball designed for use in darkness.It works better if you use it at night or in a cave.
Duuuck?
Do you have your Pokémon hold items? If you'd like, let one hold this <var>.
That <var> intensifies the power of Rock-type moves.Unfortunately, none of my Pokémon can use Rock-type moves, so...
Duuuck?
Thanks to the Gym Leader, we can play underground.
Listen, listen—do you have a Pokémon called Machop?Would you be willing to trade your Machop for my Abra?
Be nice to my Abra! I'll be sure to look after your Machop in return!
What I asked for was a Machop...
Oh, OK... Well, I can't make you trade me.But if you change your mind, I'll be right here waiting!
Thanks to Pokémon, I got to be friends with you!
A Pokémon obtained in a trade grows quickly.But if a Pokémon grows too much, it will often ignore the Trainer.
Of course, that won't matter if you have a lot of Gym Badges.
All Pokémon have a special power called an Ability.
How my Pokémon and I are alike...It's not anything I can explain easily.
The view is good from up here, but it's a pain going out.If you don't mind, how about showing me a Pokémon called Zubat?
The view is good from up here, but it's a pain going out.If you don't mind, how about showing me a Pokémon called Zubat?
Oh! That Pokémon! That's a Zubat!Wow, that's cool... It's so cute...
That does it! I'll go out and catch Pokémon, too!Thank you, my friend! This is a token of my thanks!
Yeah, there are so many kinds of Pokémon out in the world. I want to see them all now!
During the daytime, everyone goes off to the mine.At night, everyone's at home getting some well-deserved rest.
We'll keep digging coal. The world needs energy!
Everyone, including lots of Pokémon, dug the big underground maze!
Roark is a user of Rock-type Pokémon.Don't you think Rock-type Pokémon are nice?I like how lumpy they are!
Roark is our town's Gym Leader. He may be young, but he keeps the mine running safely and efficiently.
Hello! Welcome to the Oreburgh Mining Museum!
Hello, hello! How are you?I study Pokémon Fossils! Me! Right here and now!
You have a Fossil for me, yes? Shall I turn it into a Pokémon?
Which Fossil should I turn back into a Pokémon?Choose! Now!
OK, I will do that! Turn that Fossil back into a Pokémon, surely I will!
You don't wish that I extract any Pokémon from a Fossil. Fine, then!
I am in the process of extracting your Pokémon from a Fossil.You go outside, yes, please. Now! Time alone is what I now need. NOW!!!
You were gone too long! You kept us waiting! Unacceptable!This is your <var>! You be good to it! OK!
You received <var>!
Would you like to give a nickname to the<var> you received?
But, no, I cannot do this! You have too many Pokémon with you!I must hold this Pokémon for you, so come back,you, and take it away, please.
If it is a Fossil that you obtain, bring it to me if you must.
On the verge of a breakthrough, I am, to achieve extraction from Fossils.From Fossils I can extract Pokémon, but not yet,not yet.
Whoa! So this is coal? I never expected something this big!
Wow! The Pokémon that carried this must be terribly strong!
Well, how about that! Oreburgh Mine extends under the seafloor!
How Coal Is Made: Part 1"In a time long before history, vegetative matter was swept along by rain and rivers. It came to be buried under the ground."
How Coal Is Made: Part 2"The buried plant matter was forced ever deeper underground due to tremors and fissures caused by the shifting landmasses."
How Coal Is Made: Part 3"Deep underground, the plant matter was subjected to heavy pressure and the heat of magma. It gradually turned into coal."
Samples of coal from different regions are displayed.
The box contains categorized samples of coal.
Different kinds of lamps are displayed.They appear to have been worn on someone's head while the person was underground.
Badly scarred wooden tools are displayed.They apparently dug out coal using these tools in the olden days.
The everyday items and tools of past mine workers are displayed.
Have you ever seen or heard about Shiny Pokémon? They have different colors than usual.For instance, Pikachu is usually yellow, correct?Well, Shiny Pikachu is sort of orange.
You know how Pokémon have different Natures like we have personalities?I don't think it's surprising to see Pokémon in different colors.
Pikaaah!
Hiya! Your Pokémon could use some toughening up.Why not try training in Oreburgh Mine?
I always have a rotten time trying to decide which moves my Pokémon should learn.
You remind me so much of the time I got my first Pokémon.
Oreburgh Mine is operated with the utmost care.We avoid causing any damage to the natural habitats of Pokémon.
Wow, your Pokémon's eyes are twinkling brightly!Seeing that makes me happy! Here, I want you to have this!
You know how Pokémon stay inside their Poké Balls?I try to think about what would be the best Poké Balls for them.
The whole system of taking the coal out of the mine is automated.There's nothing backbreaking about it!
The coal mine here's fully automated.Coal mining was brutally hard in the old days,but not anymore!
You remind me so much of the time I got my first Pokémon.
You're taking a tour of our coal mine?Wonderful! That's excellent of you.It's always good to learn about new things and broaden your horizons!
Welcome! This is the Oreburgh Pokémon Gym!I'm Roark, the Gym Leader!I'm but one Trainer who decided to walk proudly with Rock-type Pokémon!
As the Gym Leader, I need to see your potential as a Trainer.And I'll need to see the toughness of the Pokémon that battle with you!
This is embarrassing...I went and lost to a Trainer who didn't have a single Gym Badge...
But that's the story. You were strong,and I was weak. That's all there is.
According to Pokémon League rules, I have to give you our Gym Badge since you've beaten me,the Gym Leader.
Here's your official Pokémon League Coal Badge.
You received the Coal Badge from Roark!
Having that Coal Badge means you can now use the hidden move Rock Smash from your Pokétch.You should also take these, too.
Each <var> contains the move Stealth Rock.It's a move that inflicts damage on opponents that switch into battle.
Incidentally, a TM will teach its move to a Pokémon instantly.But a TM will break when you use it, so be certain you want a Pokémon to learn that move.
In this region of Sinnoh, there are seven other Gym Leaders.I should warn you—they're a lot tougher than I am!
Howdy! How's it going, Champ-to-be?That's what I said to a really impatient boy earlier, too.
The Gym Leader is a user of Rock-type Pokémon.Well, listen. Rock-type Pokémon really hate water, all right?
They're also weak to Grass-type moves.Gee, they sure have weaknesses!But don't think it'll be easy. You don't get to be a Gym Leader without covering for weaknesses.
Going after a Rock-type Pokémon with a Fire-type Pokémon won't be easy, either.That's all the advice I can give.Thanks for listening!
Oh! <var>! You've taken care of the Gym Leader!So, did my advice come in handy or what?If my advice was useful, it'd be great if you'd become my fan!
Oreburgh Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Roark Certified Trainers: <var>
Oreburgh Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Roark Certified Trainers: <var><var>
Everyone who works in the coal mine keeps their own Pokémon with them.You may be challenged to battles! Hahaha!
There were Pokémon that looked just like rocks!They sure surprised me!
OK, stand back and watch this.Using the hidden move Rock Smash, get rid of the boulder blocking your way...
Fallen boulders need to be smashed so they're out of the way.If you could get the Badge from the Gym in town, you'd be able to do this, too.
Of course, you'd have to beat the Gym Leader first. That'd be me!
Maaacho!
Chopchop!
Chopmacho!
I met these Machop on Route 207. They've now become my most trusted partners!
Yay!I traded Pokémon at the Global Club downstairs!
Switch on the PC at any Pokémon Center and connect to the Pokémon Boxes.That's all you need to do to store or bring out your Pokémon.You may be able to access the Pokémon Boxes from the menu screen!
Welcome! I'm here to help you with your appearance for the Union Room.Would you like to select a Trainer appearance?
Which kind of Trainer would you like to appear as?
<var> is the kind of Trainer you want to appear as?
Thanks! I've got you all set to go as <var><var>.I hope you enjoy your time in the Union Room!
Understood.Please enjoy your time in the Union Room!
If you'd like to change your appearance for the Union Room, talk to the receptionist to the left on the second floor.
You have no room in your Explorer Kit.
Before I enter the Global Room, I take a deep breath and ask myself: do I want to battle today?Or do I want to trade?
There are boulders blocking the way inside the cavern...I think a hidden move in the Pokétch would be able to break those boulders, though.
Route 204 Jubilife City
Ravaged Path
Are you raising different kinds of Pokémon?If you only have one type of Pokémon, you'll have a hard time against types it's weak to.
Hi! I teach at the Trainers' School, and I'd like to give you a special lesson.But before I do, I want you to have these TMs.
When you get snarled at, you wince a bit.It's the same for Pokémon.The move Snarl lowers the target's Special Attack, or Sp. Atk for short.
You also probably know this, but a TM is good for only one use.Choose the Pokémon wisely if you do decide to use it.
Route 204 Floaroma Town
What?! No way! You have the key?Locking the door was meaningless! I am the loser in this after all!This is no time for self pity! I've got to alert the commander!
My Pokémon can't battle anymore.They're gonna take away my Pokémon for messing this one up...Humph! Just you wait! Our commander will smoosh you!
I'm one of Team Galactic's three commanders.
We've been trying to create a new world that's better than this one...But people have shown little understanding about what we do.
You don't understand either, do you? It's a little saddening...So, let's have a battle to decide what we should do next.
If I win, you leave. If you win, we, Team Galactic,will leave!
Oops! I messed that one up!That's all right, though. I quite enjoyed our battle.
I guess it's time to say good-bye and leave for the time being!
Team Galactic...They were saying they had to gather Pokémon and energy no matter what.It was for creating a new universe, or so they claimed.Nothing they said made any sort of sense to me.
Anyway, I can't tell you how grateful I am to you for saving me.I can finally see my little daughter again!
Papa!Yuck! Papa, you're stinky! Go shower now, stinky!
Oh, sorry! Ahaha! They had me working nonstop!
Thank you, Trainer! You made those bad people go away!I think the balloon Pokémon will come visiting again!
Oh, yes, a balloon Pokémon appears in front of the Valley Windworks.It's always a certain day of the week, but I'm not sure which day.
Could its appearance have something to do with this windworks using wind-generated energy?
The Valley Windworks uses turbines to capture energy from winds blown from the mountains down to this canyon.We produce energy from the power of nature itself. It's quite wonderful.
If the balloon Pokémon came, the wind would blow it away!
Aren't we Team Galactic? And we're assigned here?Standing around among flowers... This doesn't seem all that cool.
Hey now! Don't complain. This is a pretty decent assignment. But Bug- and Grass-type Pokémon so creep me out...I don't like being here, either.
I wanted to get some flowers from Floaroma Meadow...But some Team Galactic guys in snazzy outfits came along...
Those Galactic guys went to the meadow past these flowers here...
Being surrounded by flowers puts me in an oddly pleasant mood.
I simply love it here... The atmosphere is so uplifting.You came to get emotionally healed too,didn't you?
Welcome to Floaroma, the town of flowers,flowers, and more flowers!You should plant some flowers of your own, too.Yay for flowers!
Berry trees are profoundly interesting.If you grow them with care, they will bear great Berries.
I got drawn here by the sweet scent of Honey...Seriously, what's that? What am I? A Pokémon or something? Mmm... Honey.
Floaroma Town Vivid & Scented
Pick a Peck of Colors Flower Shop Free Berries Available
Floaroma Meadow Ahead Honey Available
If I dress up and go to the TV station in Jubilife City with my Pokémon, can everyone in the region see my Pokémon?
You can't buy Berries or Ribbons at Poké Marts.
If you've got Pokémon with you, it's safe for even a kid like you to go off traveling alone.
I had a battle the other day, and my Pokémon's HP got low. I thought we were done for...But then, all of a sudden, my Pokémon ate the Berry it was holding! Whew!
We're kinda close to Eterna City, but it's still quite far away.You should be prepared for a long journey.
A single Berry will grow into a plant that makes several Berries.By planting one, there will be more and more Berries in the world.I hope you will help us spread more Berries everywhere!
Please come by again tomorrow. I'll pick a different Berry for you.Please plant that Berry in soft, earthy soil!
Trainer, please water Berries using this Sprayduck watering can.
Use that Sprayduck to water the soil where you've planted Berries.You should also water Berry plants while they are growing.
Hello! Would you like to exchange your Berries for some Stickers?
Some kinds of Pokémon appear only if they're attracted by the sweet scent of Honey.
Pokémon must have an acute sense of smell.They can sense the aroma of Honey from very far away.
Floaroma Town was a barren, desolate hill long ago.People started planting flowers on it because it was such a sad place.
But nothing would grow... People didn't know what to do...And then one day, someone expressed thanks for the blessings of nature.Then, the whole hill burst into bloom. Isn't that strange and wonderful?
Do you think it's cute how Pokémon pluck Berries?
Yes! You agreed! Here are some TMs for the move Pluck!
Oh...I guess I just like weird things...
When a Pokémon uses Pluck, it eats a Berry held by its opponent in battle.I like how it steals a Berry. It's so cute!
Rii?
Enough arguing! Hand over that sweet Honey!
Do as we say!Team Galactic will have that Honey!We must have it to attract Pokémon in great numbers!
Hey! This kid is a witness! What'll we do?
We can't have the brat running off to get help.The solution's simple... We must ensure the brat stays quiet!
This is so lame...They're going to dock my pay!
I'm up next! Heheheh...Battling you right after my cohort has weakened you gives me the edge!
This brat's tough! Like, really, really tough!Tougher than I can put into words, and I know a lot of words!We're done for now... Let's get back to the Valley Windworks.
Oh, what's this thing? They seem to have forgotten it...It's a Works Key... It must be for the Valley Windworks!It's of no use to me. You may as well have it.
Thank you! You surely saved me.Those goons were trying to rob me of my sweet,sweet Honey.
They sure were weird, though. You saw how they were dressed.What they were saying didn't make a whole lot of sense, either.Oh! I need to thank you! Will you take this as my thanks?
If you slather that Honey on a sweet-smelling tree, it might attract Pokémon.
Honey can attract Pokémon if it's slathered on a tree and left a while.Would you like to buy some Honey for a mere 100?
Oopsy! You can't hold any more.
Oopsy! You don't have enough money.
Oopsy! Well, come again.
The flowers that grow in the fields here are special.Do you see how they're more vivid than flowers elsewhere in Sinnoh?You can thank Pokémon for that.
If you put Honey on a tree, check back later to see if the tree is rustling.If I see rustling, it gets my hopes up because there's a good chance there is a rare Pokémon.
Don't you dare go into the Valley Windworks.I got orders to keep everyone out if they're not part of Team Galactic.
You're giving me a look that makes me think you're gonna try to get in.OK, then. You'll have to battle me for it!
Isn't that just great. Getting owned by some kid.But you can't do a thing if I lock myself in with my Works Key!That's right, the other Works Key's not here!
My cohorts in the flower patch have the only other one!Hahaha! In that sense, I'm no longer the loser!
*ker-chunk*
It's locked from inside!
It's locked from inside!Would you like to use the Works Key?
*ker-chunk*The door to the Valley Windworks opened!
Floooooon!
Valley Windworks Ecological, Wind-Driven Energy
Help, help, Trainer!Please, can you get my papa for me?
He works at the Valley Windworks.But the people dressed like space aliens are mean and won't let me in...
Please, Trainer! Get my papa from the Valley Windworks!
We, Team Galactic, are conducting research in Eterna Forest! This is as far as you will go!
Our research involves catching Pokémon in the flowery meadows of Floaroma Town.
We are also using the energy of the Valley Windworks for something.But that is of no concern to you!
Our research involves catching Pokémon in the flowery meadows of Floaroma Town.
We are also using the energy of the Valley Windworks for something.But that is of no concern to you!
Many Poison-type Pokémon make Eterna Forest their home.But I didn't buy any Antidotes. What should I do?Do I press on, or do I go back?
If you slather Honey on a sweet-smelling tree...Pokémon may be attracted by that sweet scent.
Route 205 Floaroma Town
Route 205 Eterna Forest
Trainer Tips!The items placed in your Bag are automatically sorted to the appropriate pockets.It's very convenient! It's a Trainer's best friend!
You seem to be tired...Rest a while.
You and your Pokémon look completely refreshed!
Just because you're young doesn't mean you should push yourself.
You think you can get through Eterna Forest by yourself?
To sit back and fish casually...It's a grown-up's hobby.
Route 205 Eterna Forest
Route 205 Eterna City
Hello, my name's Cheryl.And you are...?
OK, so your name is <var>.I'm sincerely glad to meet you.<var>, may I ask you a big favor?
I want to get through this forest, but I'm afraid of doing it alone.I've heard that there is a sinister group of people called Team Galactic about.
I think there'll be safety in numbers.Please, may I go through with you?
You decided to go with Cheryl!
I'll keep your Pokémon in perfect health.
Oh, hi, <var>!I've been waiting like I said.Let's go through this forest together.
Oh? Are you going back?I'll wait here for you, then.
Oh! There's the exit! I'm so relieved...We finally got here.I would've never been able to get through this by myself. Thank you so much, <var>!
My Pokémon got poisoned, and now it can't battle.I knew I should've loaded up on Antidotes at the Poké Mart!
The rock is covered in moss.It feels pleasantly cool.
Hiya! Were you intrigued by the rumors going around, too?
You know, people've been talking about the ghost Pokémon of the Old Chateau.I've been hearing rumors about sinister shadows, too.
I should check it out myself, but going in there is...Well, you know, being that I'm a Gym Leader,I'm always busy.
So, since I'm so busy, I can't go in.It's not because I'm s-scared!S-so, good luck with your investigation!
Eterna Forest Where Time Stands Still
Trainer Tips!In forests and caves, there are many items on the ground that can't be seen in the murky darkness.Take the time to search carefully!
It appears as if it is glaring...
The TV has an oddly malevolent feel...It's as if it is staring.
Inside the TV...there appears to be a Pokémon.The Pokémon looks like it could come out.Would you like to thump the TV?
You thumped the TV set!
Rotom disappeared into the TV set...
Oh? Something is on the ground.
You obtained<var><var>!
Fuego Ironworks Home to Molten Foundries
Well, hello! It's not often I get a visitor here.
I tried to make the ironworks run better with the moving floor tiles.But no one was happy about it! They said the moving floor made them dizzy!
But you don't want to listen to me whine.Here's a souvenir!
My ironworks would be nothing if there were no iron.That's why I'm always thankful for nature supplying me with iron.
Wow... Uh-oh!I'm sorry, but your team and all your PC Boxes are full.
If you wish to use the Global Wonder Station,you must have room on your team or in a Box.
Uh-oh!
You only have one Pokémon. If you wish to use the Global Wonder Station, you must have at least two Pokémon—including those in Boxes.
Please come back when you have at least two Pokémon.
Which Sticker would you like?
You want <var> <var>, right?Would you like to trade<var> <var> for <var>?
Thank you! Here you go.
You don't have enough Berries.
Oh, you can't carry any more than that.
Please come again!
You obtained <var> <var>!
Yes
No
<var>
Needed: <var>
In Bag: <var>
Exit
Oh, so you know about Capsule Decoration, too.Then I'll give you these Stickers.
I collect Berries and trade them for Stickers in Floaroma Town.A single Sticker can create a totally different impression depending on where you place it.Sometimes I'll spend all day worrying about exactly how to decorate my Ball Capsules!
I'm so sorry. The GWS isn't ready yet.
<var> <var><var>!I hope you get into collecting a lot of Stickers!
This is a display of the Stickers used by<var>'s Gym Leader <var>.Would you like to try the same Capsule Decoration as <var>?
I went to the Trainers' School around here.Study there, and you may come out stronger.
Oh! You know about Capsule Decoration, too?As a Trainer who studied in the Trainers' School,I'll give these to you.
Yes, yes. You do look a bit stronger.Keep working toward that dream of becoming an Ace Trainer!
The GWS connects people all over the world.I told that to my Budew, and now it looks so happy!
Roarink!
Dewff!
I asked my boyfriend to meet me here on Route 218, but he's nowhere to be seen.
What? He's waiting for me across the water?He can be so absent-minded...Thank you for letting me know. Please take these.
Honestly, I really don't mind waiting here alone for my boyfriend to show up.
My girlfriend asked me to meet up with her on Route 218, but I can't find her...
Whaaat? So my girlfriend is on the other side...You saved me. Thanks. Please take these.
Any relationship is bound to run into troubles.If something goes wrong, don't panic. Just chill.I'll patiently wait for my girlfriend right here.
Gullooo!
OK. Here you go. Thank you very much.
You put <var> <var> in your Bag's <var> pocket.
Aww, that's too bad. Well, let me know if you've got a moment some other time!
Wow, I should have known I didn't stand a chance against you, <var>...Thanks so much for teaching me more about Pokémon battles today!I hope we can battle again sometime!
Hey, <var>! Do you have a minute?Since you're really tough, I was hoping you could teach me about Pokémon battles. Is that OK?
Thanks!I sure am lucky, getting to learn from a Trainer who's made it into the Hall of Fame!All right, here goes!
Aww, that's too bad. Well, let me know if you've got a moment some other day!
Wow, I should have known I didn't stand a chance against you, <var>...Thanks so much for teaching me more about Pokémon battles today!I hope we can battle again sometime!
Hi there! It's been a while!When I heard that you'd defeated the Elite Four and entered the Hall of Fame, I rushed straight here to congratulate you! I mean it—great job!All the other Gym Leaders are really happy for you too.
But you know, we Gym Leaders aren't going to take this lying down.Losing to you was rough on all of us, yet we still have our pride as Sinnoh's eight Gym Leaders.Now we're all determined to beat you this time!So if you don't mind, could you give us all another chance with a Pokémon battle?We'll each be waiting for you at our own Gyms.You know where to find me—Oreburgh Gym!
Hey, you actually came!Welcome once more to Oreburgh Gym.Ever since the day I lost to you, I've been rethinking everything I know about the strengths and weaknesses of Rock-type Pokémon...Over and over and over... And then it hit me—Rock-type Pokémon are simply the best!
Thanks for coming to see me!Let me show you again just how strong Rock-type Pokémon are!
I've gotta hand it to you... I gave that battle all I had, but you still beat me fair and square.I can see how you made it into the Hall of Fame.You really are a top Trainer!
I've gotta hand it to you... I gave that battle all I had, but you still beat me fair and square.
Here's the Sticker I always use. Now you can use it too, if you want!
Nothing will ever weaken the bond between me and Rock-type Pokémon!I hope you come visit again sometime!
This world is widely inhabited by creatures known as Pokémon.
...Oh?The fact that you know that phrase tells me you're someone in the know.You're a Trainer, right? I'll pull some strings for you.I think I can swing a deal so you'll be able to get a Mystery Gift.
Now you can use Mystery Gift.
Why, hello there...
I see you're adventuring with Pokémon. I'm sure you're making many lovely memories together.
It looks like you've played Let's Go in Kanto before.
Would you like to "go" on an adventure in Sinnoh with this Pokémon?
Oh dear. It appears you can't accept any more Pokémon.
I'm sure it will be a good partner to you.
Please try to take very good care of Mew,the New Species Pokémon!
Oh, you there...
You seem to be really enjoying your adventure with your Pokémon!
And I gather you've seen a Wishing Star before.
Would you mind taking this Pokémon? I think it would be perfect for you.
Oh my. Apparently you don't have room for any more Pokémon.
I wish you and this Pokémon the grandest of adventures together!
Take good care of Jirachi, the Wish Pokémon.
Oh, <var>!You're forgetting something important.
Yes, that hat always did suit you well,<var>.Now off you go!
It's another great day for fortune-telling, Budew!I'm a fortune-teller who can read the future in the shape of Budew's bud.Would you like to have your fortune told?
To begin, could you please tell me the month you were born in?
In what month were you born?
Please enter a number between 1 and 12.
I see...And next, what day you were born on?
On what day were you born?
Please enter a number between 1 and <var>.
I see...So your birthday is <var>/<var>, yes?
Oh dear... It's not?Perhaps you accidentally told me a loved one's birthday instead?Please tell me your own birthday.
Now then, Budew, let me have a little look at your bud...The fortune for someone born on <var>/<var> is...Hmm, I see...Such distinctive swirls...And the petals are just barely visible...Twitching like it might bloom at any second...Right, then your fortune should be...very happy!Your flowery future will burst into bloom,wrapping you in its joyful fragrance.If you continue to blossom just as you are now,something good is sure to come your way!
All right. Let me know if you change your mind.
You'd rather not, after all? Well then, just let me know if you change your mind.
You'd like your fortune told again?Given your birthday of <var>/<var>...Aha! Today's fortune is once again a happy one!Please enjoy your fresh and floral day!
Past here are our displays of the Stickers used by the Sinnoh region's Elite Four and Champion.
This is a display of the Stickers used by<var> of the Elite Four.Would you like to try the same Capsule Decoration as <var>?
This is a display of the Stickers used by Champion Cynthia.Would you like to try the same Capsule Decoration as Cynthia?
The screen is showing Stickers used by Trainers who fought in the Battle Tower.Would you like to try the same Capsule Decoration as one of them?
Hee hee! You can see the Stickers from that really fiery guy, and that intellectual guy, too!The Stickers really show their plans and passion—I found them quite moving!You now have the right to enter this room,so please take your time and enjoy the exhibit!
You got Ball Capsules!Now you can use the Capsule Decoration feature from the Ball Capsules menu!
I'm sorry. The reception desk for changing your appearance in the Union Room isn't open yet.
And these are the Stickers I use.Here, take some!
You obtained the Stickers that<var> uses!
I'll also give these Ball Capsules to you!
