Would you like to use Fly to go to<var><var>?
A small path through a lush, green, wooded area. The densely grown trees give off a thick aroma.
A winding path that twists through grassy fields.Young Trainers like to test their battle skills here.
Despite being so close to a big town, this path retains its relaxed, natural atmosphere.
Once one gets through the tunnel, the city of Oreburgh is just a stone's throw away.
A charmingly natural path that wanders past many ponds and groves of trees.
The Ravaged Path was hewn through a rocky outcropping. It is a shortcut that leads straight to Floaroma Town.
A wide, wooden walkway spans a large pond.Fishers idle their time away dangling lines from the walkway.
A quietly flowing stream and hilly terrain with one-way ledges make this a fun area for adventure.
Near the entrance of Eterna Forest is a cabin whose keepers offer rest to weary travelers that stop by.
Smoothly paved in asphalt, Cycling Road is heavenly for bicycle lovers.
Below Cycling Road, one can see the entrance to Wayward Cave.
Located at the foot of Mount Coronet, this road is carved into the rugged, rocky terrain.
A lush field of grass spreads from Mount Coronet's sheer rock face, creating a vista of contrasts.
The Berry Master—an old man who loves nature,Pokémon, and Berries—makes his home here.
The streams forded by this path wind past copses and grassy patches in a serene and soothing manner.
The Lost Tower is where Pokémon are laid to rest when their lives come to an end.
A path made by clearing an overgrown canyon between mountains. It is always shrouded by a dense fog.
Grandma Wilma's house stands alone in an isolated spot deep among the mountains.
This narrow route is lined with deep, tall grass that tickles the noses of people straying off the path.
The Café Cabin stands in a wood. The house special is fresh Moomoo Milk.
A mountain path that tunnels through Mount Coronet, one of the tallest mountains in Sinnoh.
A tall, sturdy wall surrounds an expansive estate that takes up nearly half of the road space.
Beyond the wall, one can see the stately Pokémon Mansion and the owner's prized garden behind it.
This path weaves among deep puddles made by the unending rainfall. It is wet and miserable for Trainers.
There is a house here whose residents offer to trade TMs for Red, Blue, Yellow, or Green Shards.
Offshore boulders form a jetty that becalms waves reaching the beach. A resort hotel overlooks the water.
In a small house on the beach lives a single man who refers to himself as Dr. Footstep.
The road joining Veilstone City and a lake is described as either "wildly natural" or simply"a mess."
There is a cave hewn into the sheer rock wall at the roadside. The hole was made by a Ruin Maniac.
This area is always inundated by heavy rainfall. Only hardy Trainers that can take the rain gather here.
This mountainous road leads from Mount Coronet. Its constant snowfall and deep snowdrifts impede travelers.
Snow blows down from Mount Coronet and grows into a harsh, ceaseless blizzard.Be prepared for the worst.
Despite its shortness, this road is revered by fishing enthusiasts as a great, yet little known,fishing spot.
A beautiful white-sand beach only five seconds on foot from Sandgem Town. A pleasant breeze blows from the sea.
The sea here is perfect for swimming, with gentle winds and tides. There are sandbars for resting, too.
A straight path hemmed by green grass and sparse stands of trees.
At the end of the path stands the gateway to Ramanas Park.
A sandy beach extends from the road.The beach is busy with avid fishers happily casting at the water's edge.
People around here love to go fishing. There is also a man living here who will compare sizes of caught fish.
A marine route that requires travelers to navigate around jutting rocks and sandbars.
With grass fields, rocky outcroppings, the sea,and sandbars, this area is like a miniature of the Sinnoh region.
The path makes its way up and down among rocky outcroppings. It is physically challenging.
A path that winds precariously along sheer cliffs that go right to the edge of the sea's pounding waves.
There is a small island in the bay. An odd man who speaks foreign languages lives there.
A rugged and steep mountain path where vision is limited by steadily falling volcanic ash.
This rough path is harshly raked by a horizontally blowing sandstorm driven by strong winds off the sea.
A seaside path that makes its way through wildly growing trees and plants.
A sea route that stretches from west to east.There is an island that is rich with plant life along the way.
A small town with the fresh scent of new leaves in the air. It feels like a place where adventures start.
Your own home and your best friend's house are located here.
A sandy town that is located right next to a beach. It is redolent with the salty scent of the sea.
Professor Rowan's lab is the town's landmark.He conducts his studies on Pokémon here.
A town of flower lovers, Floaroma Town is always perfumed with the sweet scent of flowers.
A short, floral pathway opens up to a sprawling sea of flowers in bloom.
In the center of town is the flower shop called Pick a Peck of Colors.
The temperate climate makes this town a relaxed and casual place for people and Pokémon to live in.
There is a Pokémon Nursery and a Pokémon Center here.
Beyond a path hemmed by stands of trees, one can find the entrance to Solaceon Ruins.
A tiny town that preserves the history of Sinnoh and the old ways of life.
In the center of the town is a small shrine that dates to ancient times.
A city where hot-blooded Trainers gather to work out and hone their battling skills.
A city that attracts Trainers who know there are other ways of enjoying Pokémon besides battling.
The most modernized city in the Sinnoh region.It is bustling with people on the go.
The Pokétch Company, the developer and manufacturer of the Pokétch, is located here.
Jubilife TV, Sinnoh's TV network, is located here.It is an entertaining place to visit.
The Global Wonder Station—GWS for short—is located here.
Located here is the Trainers' School. Drop in to study up on the basics of Pokémon.
A port city that is bisected by a canal. It has a distinctly exotic air of foreign culture.
Head to the library if you want a workout for the mind. Head to the Gym if you just want to work out.
Large ships can always be seen moored at the town's piers.
A vibrant and energetic mining town that is blessed with a precious natural resource.
There is a Gym where mine workers take breaks in between their exhausting work shifts.
There is a museum that specializes in exhibits related to the town's coal mine.
Huge deposits of coal still sleep underneath the ground. The entrance to Oreburgh Coal Mine is here.
An old city that shows fading and almost-forgotten vestiges of ancient history.
The cycle shop is located here. There is also a big building with a slightly sinister atmosphere.
A statue of an ancient Pokémon is prominently and reverentially displayed.
A Gym is indispensable in any town that has many people coming and going. This city is no exception.
This friendly city started as a place where people and Pokémon gathered. Then it grew into a center of commerce.
The entrance to Amity Square is here.The square is a place where Trainers can stroll peacefully with Pokémon.
If you care about the looks of your Pokémon,head for the Contest Hall. For toughness, go to the Gym.
There is a building here that is symbolic of the city's status as a place where different cultures meet.
A nice fountain with benches, as well as the Pokémon Fan Club, are among the city's amenities.
This city was originally founded to protect the Great Marsh. It has grown naturally over the years.
The Gym is a good example of the abundant water resources available to the city.
There is an observatory that affords views of the Great Marsh. The gate to the Safari Zone is also here.
This city was made by carving out steep, rocky mountains. Its isolation limits its contact with other cities.
There are warehouses for storing a variety of goods. There is also a major department store.
At the highest point in the city is Team Galactic's headquarters.
There is a boutique with an owner who loves games. Naturally, the city also has a Gym.
Metronome Style Shop is a unique boutique offering the latest and greatest Trainer fashions.
A port city that was built around the bay portion of the cape. It is criss-crossed by elevated walkways.
The Gym is located atop a rocky outcropping.Down on the beach is a festive bazaar.
The Vista Lighthouse's bright beacon illuminates the Sinnoh region.
A winter wonderland of a city where stout trees and buildings are blanketed in thick snow.
The Gym is at the heart of the city. To the north is Snowpoint Temple.
Trainers seeking to become the best arrive here after enduring a long and grueling journey.
The Pokémon League reception counter is located here. Only those who have beaten all the Gyms may enter.
Victory Road is the last and toughest of the challenges leading up to the Pokémon League.
A tiny port town where Trainers who love battling more than eating gather.
Moored at the pier is the ferry to Snowpoint City.
The gateway to Battle Park is located here.
One of the lakes that is symbolic of the water-rich Sinnoh region. There is an odd legend associated with it.
It is possible to enter the cave underneath the lake from the island in the middle.
One of the lakes that is symbolic of the water-rich Sinnoh region. There is an odd legend associated with it.
It is possible to enter the cave underneath the lake from the island in the middle.
A high-class restaurant is located on a hill overlooking the lake.
One of the lakes that is symbolic of the water-rich Sinnoh region. There is an odd legend associated with it.
It is possible to enter the cave underneath the lake from the island in the middle.
The fourth lake of Sinnoh that was kept secret.
Beneath the lake's surface is a cave where dimensions are distorted.
Numerous wind turbines stand in the vicinity of the Valley Windworks.
Winds blowing through the canyon feed the wind turbines to generate clean electricity.
A forest enveloped in chilly air. Thick stands of trees turn the forest into a natural maze.
Deep in the forest is the Old Chateau. It is falling into disrepair after being abandoned by its owner.
The sprawling ironworks is located with the forest at its back.
The ironworks refines iron ore mined from Mount Coronet to make iron and to manufacture mechanical parts.
A sacred mountain that is capped year-round with snow. A gigantic maze sprawls inside it.
There is an ancient ruin named the Spear Pillar located here.
A small, crescent-shaped pond that lies inside a closed-off forest.
A rugged, seemingly indestructible rock mountain that is thickly blanketed by the volcanic ash it spews.
Inside the mountain, fissures in spilled and hardened lava form enormous caverns.
A speck of an island far from any civilization. It is covered in an abundance of flowers.
A small, ore-rich island that is off the coast of Eterna City.
Inside the island are remnants of an iron ore mining operation from the past.
A small, round pond that lies inside a closed-off forest.
The Battle Tower—where the best of the best Trainers gather to test their skill—is located here.
 Fly
 Current Location
 Location Info
 Back
A straight path bound by the sea on both sides.It leads to the Flower Paradise.
Yes
No
Location Info
