More than singing! More than dancing!I love Pokémon! So, shall we battle?
I'll let you join my fan club if you can beat me!
Aww, that's heartbreaking... I'm an idol, too...
Well, that's me and my Pokémon! Thank you for being such a fan!Just so you know, our latest single is called"Jigglin' Pokémon Wub"!
I'm working on a story. Can you battle me?
Join me for a live report!
Press coverage denied... But you're so intriguing!
Interviews are about taking the initiative.
I've spotted a charismatic Trainer! Is it OK to go for the scoop?
As a professional cameraman, I always go for the best shot!
That's a downer... I thought I'd found a Trainer and Pokémon who'd shine on camera.
The lively expressions on you and your Pokémon's faces make for some great TV!
Are we all ready to have some fun? I sure am!Aren't you having fun? Let's make it fun! OK?!
OK, how shall we do this? Shall we try something fantastical?
Oh, how shall I say this? It makes me all lonely,I say...
A clown's makeup is a face that's crying while laughing. It defines what we do!
Two Pokémon! If you had two Pokémon, we'd get a great shot here.
Oh! You're ready for a battle with us?
You're live on camera, but try to act natural, OK?
OK, that's how it is, huh. Can't do anything about that.
I'd like to take that footage and have it broadcast worldwide.
Oh, no. What we really want to see is you in action with two Pokémon!
*giggle*Will you have a battle with us?
We'll thoroughly check you out as a Trainer!
Oh, too bad! I wanted to check out your Pokémon!
I lost, but I'm totally thrilled! We made a wonderful spectacle!
Po-Po-Pokémon!I want to become more like a Pikachu! Will you battle me?
Pi-Pikachu!
Pikachu!
I need to get more into the character of a Pokémon...
Come on, time to show off our Pokémon!Let's do battle, kiddo!
Your spirit's giving off some seriously cool vibes...I can tell that you totally rock!
Now, that is seriously uncool. You have to let your passion burn!
Rock is about your spirit! Battling is about spirit,too! That's what makes a battle rock!
Battling is the best way to learn! Can we get a battle with you?
Go, my Pokémon, go!
Aww! But battling is the best way to learn about Pokémon!
It's hard to win if you don't have some Pokémon to choose from.
Whew! You're really good. We've been studying every day, but we were no match at all!You'd be able to use these Technical Machines properly. Here you go!
If you boot up TM10, you can use it to teach Work Up to a Pokémon.A Pokémon that uses Work Up in battle will raise its Attack and Sp. Atk at the same time.But remember—a TM is good for one use only.Don't waste it!
I just became friends with my Pokémon.I'm not sure if we can do this properly, but may we battle?
I need to try the things I learned before I forget them!
Boo! Where's your sense of adventure?Don't be shy about talking to people and getting into battles!
Do you think we would have done better if I used Potions?
We were actually confident that we would do pretty good. But I'm completely impressed by how tough you are.If you'd like, talk to my friend and get some Technical Machines from him.
Before we make our toast, I'd hoped for a battle.However, you seem to be short a Pokémon for that.
If you want to have a battle with us, you'll need to bring more Pokémon.
With someone as beautiful as you for my model,I am sure to paint a masterpiece!
What is it? Do you wish for a battle?
Though we lost our battle... A toast to your beauty, which no painting could ever hope to capture!
He said he'd treat me to a dinner here if I agreed to model for him. So, I came along, but I haven't made up my mind yet.
When I can't decide, I battle to help make the decision! How about it?
I've decided to model for him. That's given me an appetite!
There is no price too high for the sake of my art.That said... My oh my, these meals look awfully pricey...
What is it? Are you feeling hungry, too?Oh, I see. That's not it—you wanted a battle!
My hors d'oeuvres have gone cold...
I have to slow down on eating these delicious hors d'oeuvres. I don't want to be all bloated by the time the main dish comes.
I'd like a light battle to work up my appetite.Would you care to join us?
The hors d'oeuvres haven't grown cold...These are supposed to be served chilled!
The worth of a meal isn't determined merely by its flavor.Presentation—that is, color and placement—is vital.In other words, a fine meal can be likened to the finest work of art...
And in Pokémon battles, I also hope to see beauty. You do agree with me, yes?
The meals prepared here are not merely healthy—they are also tasty. Diners need not worry about finding just what they want here.
Today's main dish is scrumptiously delicious!If I can keep eating this food, I'll model anytime!
I feel guilty just eating all this delicious food like this. I'll join the battle, too!
The models of great paintings all look very different. That means I don't need to worry about fitting in!
If you want to challenge us, bring some more Pokémon.
If you want to battle us, you have to have at least two Pokémon!
Actually, my father happens to be the chef here.
What is it you want, a battle? Bahaha...You think you can beat us?
We've lost, but let's make a toast to our future together anyway!
Oh, my! Your father is the chef here?How wonderful!
I haven't told him, but my father owns the hotel and restaurant...Oh, but that's beside the point. Would you care for a battle?
Let's toast to the prosperity of the restaurant!
I have to hand it to my father—these hors d'oeuvres are delicious!
Are you asking me for a battle? Well, certainly!I never back down from a challenge!
Finally. Now we can go about enjoying our meal without disruption.
Yes! This meal is good enough to serve at the hotel.
My papa owns this restaurant, but please don't tell my date—his father works here as a chef.I'll have a battle with you if you keep your mouth shut.
My date did his best, but you were better than the both of us.
Heh! My date's really enjoying Father's cooking.She has a dreamy expression after every bite!
I'm feeling great! Sure, I'll have a battle with you.That's why you approached us, right?
My prowess as a Trainer isn't up to snuff...It's not like my father's scrumptious cooking.
This succulent flavor! It reminds me of a world trip I took. My papa and I traveled everywhere,dining at only the best restaurants.
Eating this fabulous meal has really lifted my spirits. Join us for a battle?
Your father's cooking has a very magical quality to it. It seems to perk people up with energy.
If your intention is to test your skill on us,I daresay you ought to bring at least one other Pokémon.
Oh, you're offering to do battle with us?How nice of you.Unfortunately, you simply cannot battle us both with just one Pokémon.
Let me propose a toast to many more happy years together.
Since I took my retirement, I've been traveling with my wife. We both enjoy searching for delicious dining experiences.You seem to enjoy battling with Pokémon.Am I right?
Well, so much for that. Let's try to enjoy the rest of our meal.
To our health, our welfare, and fine dining! Cheers!
A toast before a meal helps stimulate the appetite, I find.But that's neither here nor there. You wanted a battle, surely?
Gourmet dining in restaurants and exhilarating Pokémon battles...There is so much contentment in my life!
Hmm! Now, this is special! It looks like it was just quickly warmed through, but in reality, much care has gone into its preparation!
When one gets to be an accomplished gourmet like myself, one can tell at a glance if a dish is delicious or not.You would battle against such discerning taste?
Well, so much for that. We'll keep a stiff upper lip and look forward to enjoying the main course.
These hors d'oeuvres are simply divine!They tell me that I can expect the main course to be fantastic!
I thought the main course arrived already...You're a Trainer seeking battle?
The hors d'oeuvres were most excellent!
Mmm! The chef flambéed this to perfection!The rich aromas and flavors fill my mouth with joy!
You're throwing down a challenge in the middle of our meal? I would say you're a very dedicated Trainer, especially for one so young!
Ah... I'm very satisfied with our meal and our battle.
Mmm, this sauce!It's a spicy sauce made Hoenn-style from grated Cheri Berries!
Would you like to sample a bite...? Oh, right.Pokémon battle?
Battling is fine, of course. But personally, I would rather be out enjoying good meals.
If you want to battle us, you'll have to bring at least two Pokémon.
Don't you have more than one Pokémon?We'll have to battle another time!
Alison, um, I, er... Thank you for coming today.Should we make a toast?
She's the girl from the Pokémon supply store I go to all the time. We're incredibly happy together.Would you like to battle us?
Oh, gosh. I'm sorry we lost, Alison. You're not upset, are you?
Hee hee... Eugene, you act so different from the way you do at the store. You're surprisingly shy.
I work at a Pokémon supply store because I love Pokémon.My job lets me be with Pokémon all day long,so it naturally made me pretty decent at battling.Want to try us?
I don't worry much about winning or losing.I keep my Pokémon with me because I love it!
If my Pokémon buddies heard I went on a date with you, Alison...they'd probably hate me for it.
Are you Alison's fan, too?
Alison, seeing your smiling face... I can't tell if these appetizers are delicious or not!
Sorry, what? A date? Um, Eugene... You are a valued customer and all, but I just don't know...
I know I'm being indecisive, but I have to admit—his invitation was just too flattering to refuse.I'll let my Pokémon decide for my fickle heart.Let's battle?
You know, it's true what they say—there is no evil among Pokémon fans! That goes for you and Eugene!
Looks like our main course is here. Please enjoy yourself—I've got the bill covered today!
I'll defeat you and collect the prize money!
My wallet's empty after paying the prize money...Oh, no, it's OK! No need to worry! I still have my secret stash of cash!
Eugene, I think you're a little awkward,but you're very earnest.
If I team up with my date, it might make for an interesting combination.I think we could battle in an intriguing manner.Do you?
The meal was delicious, and our battle was so much fun. I really insist that we split the bill.
If you had two Pokémon, I'd take you on with my mom.
I'm willing to have a battle with my son,my pride and joy.But you must bring more Pokémon than that.
What should I have today? Juice, ice cream,cake, and, and...
Oh, hi, Trainer! Want to battle Pokémon with us before we have a yummy dinner?
I don't get it. Grown-ups always have a toast before eating. But why don't I see any bread?
My dear, Mommy is so proud of you for doing well on your test.You may order anything you like. It's your reward, dearest!
Did you know? My boy is not only a genius at school, but he's also a Pokémon prodigy!Would you like to challenge us and see?
I wish to propose a toast. May my darling Esteban get another 100% on a test!
Wow, they bring out things one dish at a time!It's not like how it is at home!
I do my homework while eating, so I can battle anytime!
We're going to eat this delicious stuff now.Bye-bye!
This restaurant is the talk of the town for its delicious food.
I beg your pardon? You want to battle now?Well, all right. It's not as if I dislike battling.
Thank you for letting my dear son experience an invaluable lesson.
Do mothers and fathers go out to eat like this?I mean, without taking their kids along.
Well, that's OK. It's way more fun for me to battle than go eat fancy dinners!
Mom, you gotta make me this at home!
This is a special occasion, Esteban. We're here to celebrate your great grades!
Oh? A battle, you say? Well, certainly. Why not?
Is the dessert coming soon?
My daughter and I always battle together.None of that one-on-one nonsense.
I can battle against you with my dad. But first,please bring more Pokémon.
Here's a toast for your mother. May she always be healthy!
My wife's in the hospital waiting for the baby to arrive. Since I can't cook, I came here with my daughter.How would you like a battle with us before we eat?
The house will be a lot noisier when your mother comes home with the new baby.
I wonder what Mom will bring home—a baby brother, or a baby sister?
Whether it's a boy or a girl, I'm going to be their big sister—so I should get better at Pokémon!
Little babies cry like Pokémon! Piyaaaah!
Wow... Look at these appetizers. This is just so extravagant.
I'm no cook. I'll admit that freely.But battling Pokémon... There's something I'm comfortable with.
Let's get over the sting of that loss by enjoying this delicious meal!
Wow! This food looks really fancy!
Papa is a rotten cook, so we get to go out and eat good food like this! Did you come to this restaurant to battle Pokémon?
I've never eaten anything like this before.
Here's the main dish!
What is it? Did you want to battle with us?
Blythe, I hope the new baby will grow up to be as kindhearted as you.
I wish Mom were here to eat with us...
My mom gave me my Pokémon. Want to see how tough they are?
Next time, let's all come here together—even the baby!
What's up? Did you want to be on TV, too?Oh, right, sorry! You wanted to battle!You'd be battling the two of us. You need at least two Pokémon for that.
If you want an autograph, you'll have to wait till we finish filming.Oh, and if you want to battle, bring two Pokémon, OK?
Let's start with a shot of the drinks as a camera test.
Huh? You're inviting us to battle at a time like this?
Oh, man... Our drinks are lukewarm now.
Today's featured drink is freshly squeezed juice made from ripened Pecha Berries picked this morning!
Pardon? A Pokémon battle? OK, a quick one before we do any filming for the show.
Do you think we should rehearse this one more time?Today's featured drink is freshly squeezed...
Hey, these appetizers sure do look delicious.Will someone bring me a mist spray so they look even fresher?
Thanks, that was quick! Wait... Where's the mist spray?Oh, you want a battle? Whatever, then. I'm up for your challenge!
Photographing food isn't easy. It's actually very technical.
These look fabulous, too. We need the camera to zoom in more!
Please don't talk to me while we're filming!Oh, actually, hold on. A Trainer barges in on our fine dining experience...I like that! It adds drama to our story!
Darling Darryl, are you ready? When I take a bite, I want a close-up of my lips. All right?
Whoa... So this is the main dish? Yowza! Let's get this filming done quick so I can chow down, too!
You've been sniffing around a lot... Are you messing with our filming?
Oh, no... Everything's gone cold while we were battling.
*chomp*Mmm... This is...light, and yet rich-flavored...It delectably melts away... A hint of an aftertaste,yet crisp... Neither too sweet nor too bitter...My words can't do this justice!
It's not easy trying to describe food while you're eating. But I can battle anytime during filming!
Do you know what the most important thing is for gourmet reporting?It's a...thesaurus-like vocabulary!
I'll only say this once, so listen closely. I'll even say it slowly—to battle against two Trainers,you need two or more Pokémon.Now if you were to bring more Pokémon, I could consider a battle...
Oh, you'll have to bring more Pokémon than that to battle us!
And that's another brilliant day on the markets!A toast to my Lady Luck!
Since I've been with her, I've been riding a hot streak on the markets.I'm surfing on a wave of good luck! You're sure you want to battle us?
This is just a minor setback. I can easily make up for this!
Ooh! All your stocks went up again? You haven't guessed wrong yet!
My boyfriend's a stock market wizard!Did you know? Someone who's that lucky also happens to make for a tough Trainer.Are you willing to try your luck against that?
It's just one loss. We can make that back with a big win next time!
There's no need for technique. You just have to read what's in your opponent's heart.
Now, when I say "heart," I don't mean what a person is thinking. It's about how they want to be perceived.Do you... Would you like me to think of you as a tough Trainer?
I had a bad feeling about this Trainer...
No, really? Wooow, that is so neat! How can you tell these things?
My boyfriend could tell that deep down,I'm actually a frightened and lonely child!I don't think I could ever lose with him.Want to test that theory?
It's amazing that you predicted you would lose!
Let's savor this extravagant meal and think of what it represents. We can use that as motivation to keep winning at life!
Personally, I think there are two kinds of people:those who face up to any challenge, and those who duck and cover.You're the type who faces up to any challenge,am I right?
If I had the power of premonition, I'd be a terror on the markets.But you know that's not really possible.
How can you guess right about everything all the time?Do you really have the power of premonition?
I'm convinced that he has some extrasensory power or something.If I'm teaming up with a guy like that, are you sure you want to do this?
If it's not premonition, did you...maybe come from the future?
One Pokémon is insufficient if you want to battle against us.
If you'd bring two or more Pokémon, we could have a battle with you.
Hmm. This beverage's coloration borders on the positively toxic... However, my analysis indicates that it is composed of natural ingredients.
What is it? You are...? Oh, yes, a Trainer.
The results of that battle are insignificant.Let's celebrate.
Oh, dear! I wish you wouldn't!We're at a fancy restaurant, and you want to analyze what's served?
Oh, you're a Trainer?
Cheers, dear! Please don't start analyzing what we just drank!
Interesting. These hors d'oeuvres are fascinating.Plant fiber 20%, iron 5%, protein 35%.Curiouser and curiouser...
What is it now? Do you want me to analyze your skill level?
I feel compelled to analyze that which is unknown to me. By defining its composition,I feel reassured in my knowledge.
Oh, dear, must you go on that way? It takes the magic out of a meal. I wish you wouldn't think about your research while we're out eating!
My husband never ceases to amaze me with his dedication to research.Would you care to have a battle with us?
If you were to ask me, I'd rather not know about what I don't understand. It's simpler that way.
By my calculations, the main dish should have arrived by now. Perhaps the thermal setting is too low to prepare the food efficiently?
You there! Let's battle to consume time!
They brought the main course while we were battling... The calorie content appears to be alarmingly high.
There isn't any point getting impatient over the food, dear. Isn't this the sort of situation that you brought your Pokémon for?
Oh, what good timing! Would you join us for a quick battle?
Don't fret, dear. If we take in too many calories,we can always work them off by battling!
Does this mean I'm only talented as an artist?
You're a lucky one...
I never thought I'd lose at Father's restaurant...
Oh... How could I lose at dear Papa's restaurant?
Ack! I lost... Check, please!
So young, and yet so strong!How very remarkable!
I don't care if I lose. I'm still a happy guy.
Waaah! You're too much!
Wow... You're out there.
No one's hurt?
Tough, aren't you...?
I was with my dad, too...
That's quite the demonstration.
Hmm... I should have expected this.
My luck's run out...
I think I have what it takes to become a successful model!
Hmm... I failed to foresee this outcome.
You know, I had confidence before heading into this.
Oh snap! That's how it is, then?
I like to study a lot. I thought I could win...
