
A small red sphere that glows like fire.
A small blue sphere that glistens like ice.
A small green sphere that glows like sunlit leaves.
A small sphere that's clear enough to see through.
A small sphere that glows in seven colors.
A large red sphere that glows like fire.
A large blue sphere that glistens like ice.
A large green sphere that glows like sunlit leaves.
A large sphere that's clear enough to see through.
A large sphere that glows in seven colors.
A medicine that can be used to revive a single Pokémon that has fainted. It also restores half of the Pokémon's max HP.
A medicine that can be used to revive a single Pokémon that has fainted. It also fully restores the Pokémon's max HP.
A small red shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small blue shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small yellow shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A small green shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It burns as red as the evening sun.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. The stone has a fiery orange heart.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has a distinct thunderbolt pattern.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is the blue of a pool of clear water.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has an unmistakable leaf pattern.
A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It's as round as a Pokémon Egg.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. A Pokémon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
A small shard of a beautiful gem that gives off a distinctly red sparkle. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare.Some people are happy to receive one.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It looks as if it could be part of a plant's root.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears to be a fragment of a claw.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It might be a piece of a seashell.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It could be a shell or carapace.
A piece of amber that still contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokémon. It's clear with a tawny,reddish tint.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks to be from some kind of protective collar.
A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It appears as though it's part of a head.
A rare bone that is extremely valuable for the study of Pokémon archeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. Protective moves like Light Screen and Reflect will be effective longer.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It lowers Speed and allows Ground-type moves to hit Flying types and holders that are levitating.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Hail when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sandstorm when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sunny Day when used by the holder.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Rain Dance when used by the holder.
A small shard that emanates an enigmatic power. Inside the shard, you can see a pattern that looks like Ramanas roses.
A large shard that emanates an enigmatic power. Inside the shard, you can see a pattern that looks like Ramanas roses.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a durable stone that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Bug-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
An item to be held by a Pokémon. It's a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fairy-type moves.




















































































































































































































































































































A very small square pedestal made of stone.
A small square pedestal made of stone.
A square pedestal made of stone.
A large square pedestal made of stone.
A very small round pedestal made of stone.
A round pedestal made of stone.
A large round pedestal made of stone.
A very small angular pedestal made of a heavy stone.
A small angular pedestal made of a heavy stone.
An angular pedestal made of a heavy stone.
A large angular pedestal made of a heavy stone.
A very small pedestal that you can see right through.
A small pedestal that you can see right through.
A pedestal that you can see right through.
A large pedestal that you can see right through.
A large pedestal that embodies the warmth of a hopeful sunrise.
A very large pedestal that embodies the warmth of a hopeful sunrise.
A large pedestal that embodies the cold of a lonely midnight.
A very large pedestal that embodies the cold of a lonely midnight.
A large pedestal that shines through time like a brilliant diamond.
A very large pedestal that shines through time like a brilliant diamond.
A large pedestal that brightens space like a shining pearl.
A very large pedestal that brightens space like a shining pearl.
A very small round pedestal that rotates clockwise.
A round pedestal that rotates clockwise.
A large round pedestal that rotates clockwise.
A very small pedestal that rotates counter-clockwise.
A round pedestal that rotates counter-clockwise.
A large round pedestal that rotates counter-clockwise.
A single-use drill to bore a hole in the wall for your Secret Base.
The user focuses its mind before launching a punch.This move fails if the user is hit before it is used.
The user slashes the target with huge sharp claws.
The user attacks the target with a pulsing blast of water. This may also confuse the target.
The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
The target is scared off, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
A move that leaves the target badly poisoned.Its poison damage worsens every turn.
The user summons a hailstorm lasting five turns.It damages all Pokémon except Ice types.
The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body,raising both its Attack and Defense stats.
The user forcefully shoots seeds at the target two to five times in a row.
The user is roused, and its Attack and Sp. Atk stats increase.
The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves. It lowers the power of Water-type moves.
The target is taunted into a rage that allows it to use only attack moves for three turns.
The target is struck with an icy-cold beam of energy.This may also leave the target frozen.
A howling blizzard is summoned to strike opposing Pokémon. This may also leave the opposing Pokémon frozen.
The target is attacked with a powerful beam.The user can't move on the next turn.
A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from special attacks for five turns.
This move enables the user to protect itself from all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns,powering up Water-type moves. It lowers the power of Fire-type moves.
A nutrient-draining attack. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
The user creates a protective field that prevents status conditions for five turns.
The user damages opposing Pokémon by emitting a powerful flash.
In this two-turn attack, the user gathers light, then blasts a bundled beam on the next turn.
The target is slammed with a steel-hard tail. This may also lower the target's Defense stat.
A strong electric blast crashes down on the target.This may also leave the target with paralysis.
A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target to inflict damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokémon around it.
The user makes a swift attack on the target's legs,which lowers the target's Speed stat.
The user burrows into the ground, then attacks on the next turn. It can also be used to exit dungeons.
The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force.This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target.This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user attacks with a swift chop. It can also break barriers, such as Light Screen and Reflect.
By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.
A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from physical attacks for five turns.
The user strikes the target with a quick jolt of electricity. This attack never misses.
The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire.This may also leave the target with a burn.
Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. This may also poison the target.
A five-turn sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except Rock, Ground, and Steel types.It raises the Sp. Def stat of Rock types.
The target is attacked with an intense blast of all-consuming fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
Boulders are hurled at the target. This also lowers the target's Speed stat by preventing its movement.
The user confounds the target with speed, then slashes.This attack never misses.
The user torments and enrages the target, making it incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
This attack move doubles its power if the user is poisoned, burned, or paralyzed.
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
The user goes to sleep for two turns. This fully restores the user's HP and heals any status conditions.
If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.
The user attacks and steals the target's held item simultaneously. The user can't steal anything if it already holds an item.
The target is hit with wings of steel. This may also raise the user's Defense stat.
The user employs its psychic power to exchange Abilities with the target.
The user shoots boiling hot water at its target.This may also leave the target with a burn.
The user attacks the target at full power. The attack's recoil harshly lowers the user's Sp. Atk stat.
The user lands and rests its body. This move restores the user's HP by up to half of its max HP.
The user heightens its mental focus and unleashes its power. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
A restrained attack that prevents the target from fainting. The target is left with at least 1 HP.
If the target's HP is half or less, this attack will hit with double the power.
The user flings its held item at the target to attack.This move's power and effects depend on the item.
The user attacks the target with an electric charge.The user may use any remaining electricity to raise its Sp. Atk stat.
The user endures any attack with at least 1 HP.Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
The target is attacked with a shock wave generated by the user's gaping mouth.
An energy-draining punch. The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
The user shoots a sinister flame at the target to inflict a burn.
The user generates a damaging sound wave by vibration. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user stimulates its brain by thinking bad thoughts.This sharply raises the user's Sp. Atk stat.
The user attacks everything around it by causing a tremendous explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows.Critical hits land more easily.
The user stores power, then attacks. If the user moves after the target, this attack's power will be doubled.
The user recycles a held item that has been used in battle so it can be used again.
The user charges at the target using every bit of its power. The user can't move on the next turn.
The user polishes its body to reduce drag. This sharply raises the Speed stat.
The user flashes a light that lowers the target's accuracy.It can also be used to illuminate caves.
The user stabs the target from below with sharpened stones. Critical hits land more easily.
The power of this attack move is doubled if the user has been hurt by the target in the same turn.
The user launches a weak jolt of electricity that paralyzes the target.
The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin.The slower the user compared to the target, the greater the move's power.
A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. This sharply raises the user's Attack stat.
The user lays a trap of levitating stones around the opposing team. The trap hurts opposing Pokémon that switch into battle.
The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.
The user yells as if it's ranting about something, which lowers the Sp. Atk stats of opposing Pokémon.
The user releases a horrible aura imbued with dark thoughts. This may also make the target flinch.
Large boulders are hurled at opposing Pokémon to inflict damage. This may also make the opposing Pokémon flinch.
The user slashes at the target by crossing its scythes or claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
The user strikes everything around it by stomping down on the ground. This lowers the Speed stats of those hit.
The target is stabbed with a tentacle, arm, or the like steeped in poison. This may also poison the target.
The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target.The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
The user snares the target with grass and trips it.The heavier the target, the greater the move's power.
The user enrages and confuses the target. However,this also sharply raises the target's Attack stat.
The user pecks the target. If the target is holding a Berry, the user eats it and gains its effect.
After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
The user creates a substitute for itself using some of its HP. The substitute serves as the user's decoy.
The user gathers all its light energy and releases it all at once. This may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.
The user creates a bizarre area in which slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































The target is cut with a scythe or claw. It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
The user flies up into the sky and then strikes its target on the next turn. It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
The user attacks everything around it by swamping its surroundings with a giant wave. It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
The target is slugged with a punch thrown at maximum power. It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
A strong wind blows away the target's barriers, such as Reflect or Light Screen, and lowers their evasiveness.It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
The user attacks with a punch that may lower the target's Defense stat. It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
The user charges at the target and may make it flinch.It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
A charging attack that may also leave the foe confused.It's also one of the Pokétch's hidden moves.
A very large square pedestal made of stone.
A very large round pedestal made of stone.
A very large angular pedestal made of a heavy stone.
A very large pedestal that you can see right through.
A very large round pedestal that rotates clockwise.
A very large pedestal that rotates counterclockwise.
