Kalos Champion Ribbon
Champion Ribbon
Sinnoh Champion Ribbon
Best Friends Ribbon
Training Ribbon
Skillful Battler Ribbon
Expert Battler Ribbon
Effort Ribbon
Alert Ribbon
Shock Ribbon
Downcast Ribbon
Careless Ribbon
Relax Ribbon
Snooze Ribbon
Smile Ribbon
Gorgeous Ribbon
Royal Ribbon
Gorgeous Royal Ribbon
Artist Ribbon
Footprint Ribbon
Record Ribbon
Legend Ribbon
Country Ribbon
National Ribbon
Earth Ribbon
World Ribbon
Classic Ribbon
Premier Ribbon
Event Ribbon
Birthday Ribbon
Special Ribbon
Souvenir Ribbon
Wishing Ribbon
Battle Champion Ribbon
Regional Champion Ribbon
National Champion Ribbon
World Champion Ribbon
Contest Memory Ribbon
Battle Memory Ribbon
Hoenn Champion Ribbon
Contest Star Ribbon
Coolness Master Ribbon
Beauty Master Ribbon
Cuteness Master Ribbon
Cleverness Master Ribbon
Toughness Master Ribbon
Alola Champion Ribbon
Battle Royal Master Ribbon
Battle Tree Great Ribbon
Battle Tree Master Ribbon
Galar Champion Ribbon
Tower Master Ribbon
Master Rank Ribbon
Lunchtime Mark
Sleepy-Time Mark
Dusk Mark
Dawn Mark
Cloudy Mark
Rainy Mark
Stormy Mark
Snowy Mark
Blizzard Mark
Dry Mark
Sandstorm Mark
Misty Mark
Destiny Mark
Fishing Mark
Curry Mark
Uncommon Mark
Rare Mark
Rowdy Mark
Absent-Minded Mark
Jittery Mark
Excited Mark
Charismatic Mark
Calmness Mark
Intense Mark
Zoned-Out Mark
Joyful Mark
Angry Mark
Smiley Mark
Teary Mark
Upbeat Mark
Peeved Mark
Intellectual Mark
Ferocious Mark
Crafty Mark
Scowling Mark
Kindly Mark
Flustered Mark
Pumped-Up Mark
Zero Energy Mark
Prideful Mark
Unsure Mark
Humble Mark
Thorny Mark
Vigor Mark
Slump Mark
Dummy
Twinkling Star Ribbon
A Ribbon awarded for beating the Kalos Champion and entering the Kalos Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon awarded for clearing the Pokémon League and entering the Hall of Fame somewhere long ago.
A Ribbon awarded for beating the Sinnoh Champion and entering the Sinnoh Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon with which you share a close and meaningful bond.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon that has overcome rigorous trials and training.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon that has achieved victory in difficult battles.
A Ribbon that can be given to a brave Pokémon that has honed its battle skills into an art.
A Ribbon awarded for being an exceptionally hard worker.
A Ribbon for recalling an invigorating event that created life energy.
A Ribbon for recalling a thrilling event that made life more exciting.
A Ribbon for recalling feelings of sadness that added spice to life.
A Ribbon for recalling a careless error that helped steer life decisions.
A Ribbon for recalling a refreshing event that added sparkle to life.
A Ribbon for recalling a deep slumber that made life soothing.
A Ribbon for recalling that smiles enrich the quality of life.
An extraordinarily gorgeous and extravagant Ribbon.
An incredibly regal Ribbon with an air of nobility.
A gorgeous and regal Ribbon that is the peak of fabulous.
A Ribbon awarded for being chosen as a super sketch model in the Hoenn region.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon deemed to have a top-quality footprint.
A Ribbon awarded for setting an incredible record.
A Ribbon awarded for setting a legendary record.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon League Champion.
A Ribbon awarded for overcoming all difficult challenges.
A Ribbon awarded for winning one hundred battles in a row.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon League Champion.
A Ribbon that proclaims love for Pokémon.
A Ribbon awarded for a special holiday.
A Ribbon awarded for participating in a special Pokémon event.
A Ribbon that commemorates a birthday.
A special Ribbon for a special day.
A Ribbon for cherishing a special memory.
A Ribbon said to make your wish come true.
A Ribbon awarded to a Battle Competition Champion.
A Ribbon awarded to a Regional Champion in the Pokémon World Championships.
A Ribbon awarded to a National Champion in the Pokémon World Championships.
A Ribbon awarded to a World Champion in the Pokémon World Championships.
A Ribbon you collected somewhere long ago. It's packed with memories of contests!
A Ribbon you collected somewhere long ago. It's packed with memories of battles!
A Ribbon awarded for beating the Hoenn Champion and entering the Hoenn Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has performed superbly in the Master Rank at a Super Contest Show.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has perfectly embodied Coolness in Pokémon Contests.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has perfectly embodied Beauty in Pokémon Contests.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has perfectly embodied Cuteness in Pokémon Contests.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has perfectly embodied Cleverness in Pokémon Contests.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has perfectly embodied Toughness in Pokémon Contests.
A Ribbon awarded for becoming the Alola Champion and entering the Alola Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon that has achieved victory in the Battle Royal.
A Ribbon awarded for winning against a Battle Legend in the Battle Tree.
A Ribbon awarded for winning against a Battle Legend in super battles in the Battle Tree.
A Ribbon awarded for becoming the Galar Champion and entering the Galar Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon awarded for reaching the top of the Battle Tower.
A Ribbon awarded for winning against a Trainer in the Master Ball Tier of Ranked Battles.
A mark for a peckish Pokémon.
A mark for a sleepy Pokémon.
A mark for a dozy Pokémon.
A mark for an early-riser Pokémon.
A mark for a cloud-watching Pokémon.
A mark for a sodden Pokémon.
A mark for a thunderstruck Pokémon.
A mark for a snow-frolicking Pokémon.
A mark for a shivering Pokémon.
A mark for a parched Pokémon.
A mark for a sandswept Pokémon.
A mark for a mist-drifter Pokémon.
A mark of a chosen Pokémon.
A mark for a catch-of-the-day Pokémon.
A mark for a curry-connoisseur Pokémon.
A mark for a sociable Pokémon.
A mark for a reclusive Pokémon.
A mark for a rowdy Pokémon.
A mark for a spacey Pokémon.
A mark for an anxious Pokémon.
A mark for a giddy Pokémon.
A mark for a radiant Pokémon.
A mark for a serene Pokémon.
A mark for a feisty Pokémon.
A mark for a daydreaming Pokémon.
A mark for a joyful Pokémon.
A mark for a furious Pokémon.
A mark for a beaming Pokémon.
A mark for a teary-eyed Pokémon.
A mark for a chipper Pokémon.
A mark for a grumpy Pokémon.
A mark for a scholarly Pokémon.
A mark for a rampaging Pokémon.
A mark for an opportunistic Pokémon.
A mark for a stern Pokémon.
A mark for a kindhearted Pokémon.
A mark for an easily flustered Pokémon.
A mark for a driven Pokémon.
A mark for an apathetic Pokémon.
A mark for an arrogant Pokémon.
A mark for an unsure Pokémon.
A mark for a humble Pokémon.
A mark for a pompous Pokémon.
A mark for a lively Pokémon.
A mark for a worn-out Pokémon.
Dummy
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon that has perfectly embodied shining brilliance in Super Contest Shows.
