-
By releasing stench when attacking, this Pokémon may cause the target to flinch.
The Pokémon makes it rain when it enters a battle.
Its Speed stat is boosted every turn.
Hard armor protects the Pokémon from critical hits.
It cannot be knocked out with one hit. One-hit KO moves cannot knock it out, either.
Prevents the use of explosive moves, such as Self-Destruct, by dampening its surroundings.
Its limber body protects the Pokémon from paralysis.
Boosts the Pokémon's evasiveness in a sandstorm.
The Pokémon is charged with static electricity, so contact with it may cause paralysis.
Restores HP if hit by an Electric-type move instead of taking damage.
Restores HP if hit by a Water-type move instead of taking damage.
The Pokémon is oblivious, and that keeps it from being infatuated or falling for taunts.
Eliminates the effects of weather.
The Pokémon's compound eyes boost its accuracy.
The Pokémon is suffering from insomnia and cannot fall asleep.
The Pokémon's type becomes the type of the move used on it.
The immune system of the Pokémon prevents it from getting poisoned.
Powers up the Pokémon's Fire-type moves if it's hit by one.
This Pokémon's dust blocks the additional effects of attacks taken.
This Pokémon has its own tempo, and that prevents it from becoming confused.
This Pokémon uses suction cups to stay in one spot to negate all moves and items that force switching out.
The Pokémon intimidates opposing Pokémon upon entering battle, lowering their Attack stat.
This Pokémon steps on the opposing Pokémon's shadow to prevent it from escaping.
This Pokémon inflicts damage with its rough skin to the attacker on contact.
Its mysterious power only lets supereffective moves hit the Pokémon.
By floating in the air, the Pokémon receives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.
Contact with the Pokémon may inflict poison, sleep,or paralysis on its attacker.
The attacker will receive the same status condition if it inflicts a burn, poison, or paralysis to the Pokémon.
Prevents other Pokémon's moves or Abilities from lowering the Pokémon's stats.
All status conditions heal when the Pokémon switches out.
The Pokémon draws in all Electric-type moves.Instead of being hit by Electric-type moves,it boosts its Sp. Atk.
Boosts the likelihood of additional effects occurring when attacking.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in rain.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in harsh sunlight.
Raises the likelihood of meeting wild Pokémon by illuminating the surroundings.
When it enters a battle, the Pokémon copies an opposing Pokémon's Ability.
Doubles the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Contact with the Pokémon may poison the attacker.
The Pokémon's intensely focused, and that protects the Pokémon from flinching.
The Pokémon is covered with hot magma, which prevents the Pokémon from becoming frozen.
The Pokémon is covered with a water veil, which prevents the Pokémon from getting a burn.
Prevents Steel-type Pokémon from escaping using its magnetic force.
Soundproofing gives the Pokémon full immunity to all sound-based moves.
The Pokémon gradually regains HP in rain.
The Pokémon summons a sandstorm when it enters a battle.
By putting pressure on the opposing Pokémon, it raises their PP usage.
The Pokémon is protected by a layer of thick fat,which halves the damage taken from Fire- and Ice-type moves.
The Pokémon awakens from sleep twice as fast as other Pokémon.
Contact with the Pokémon may burn the attacker.
Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokémon.
Keen eyes prevent other Pokémon from lowering this Pokémon's accuracy.
The Pokémon's proud of its powerful pincers.They prevent other Pokémon from lowering its Attack stat.
The Pokémon may pick up the item an opposing Pokémon used during a battle. It may pick up items outside of battle, too.
The Pokémon can't use a move if it had used a move on the previous turn.
Boosts the Attack stat, but lowers accuracy.
Contact with the Pokémon may cause infatuation.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat of the Pokémon if an ally with the Plus or Minus Ability is also in battle.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat of the Pokémon if an ally with the Plus or Minus Ability is also in battle.
The Pokémon transforms with the weather to change its type to Water, Fire, or Ice.
Items held by the Pokémon are stuck fast and cannot be removed by other Pokémon.
The Pokémon may heal its own status conditions by shedding its skin.
It's so gutsy that having a status condition boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat.
The Pokémon's marvelous scales boost the Defense stat if it has a status condition.
The oozed liquid has a strong stench, which damages attackers using any draining move.
Powers up Grass-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.
Powers up Fire-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.
Powers up Water-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.
Powers up Bug-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.
Protects the Pokémon from recoil damage.
Turns the sunlight harsh when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Prevents opposing Pokémon from fleeing.
The Pokémon is full of vitality, and that prevents it from falling asleep.
The Pokémon is protected by its white smoke, which prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Using its pure power, the Pokémon doubles its Attack stat.
A hard shell protects the Pokémon from critical hits.
Eliminates the effects of weather.
Raises evasiveness if the Pokémon is confused.
Boosts its Speed stat if hit by an Electric-type move instead of taking damage.
Becomes competitive and deals more damage to Pokémon of the same gender, but deals less to Pokémon of the opposite gender.
The Pokémon's determination boosts the Speed stat each time the Pokémon flinches.
Boosts evasiveness in a hailstorm.
Makes the Pokémon eat a held Berry when its HP drops to half or less, which is sooner than usual.
The Pokémon is angered when it takes a critical hit,and that maxes its Attack stat.
Boosts the Speed stat if the Pokémon's held item is used or lost.
The heatproof body of the Pokémon halves the damage from Fire-type moves that hit it.
The stat changes the Pokémon receives are doubled.
Restores HP in rain or when hit by Water-type moves. Reduces HP in harsh sunlight, and increases the damage received from Fire-type moves.
Compares an opposing Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def stats before raising its own Attack or Sp. Atk stat—whichever will be more effective.
Powers up punching moves.
Restores HP if the Pokémon is poisoned instead of losing HP.
Powers up moves of the same type as the Pokémon.
Maximizes the number of times multistrike moves hit.
Heals status conditions if it's raining.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat in harsh sunlight, but HP decreases every turn.
Boosts the Speed stat if the Pokémon has a status condition.
All the Pokémon's moves become Normal type.The power of those moves is boosted a little.
Powers up moves if they become critical hits when attacking.
The Pokémon only takes damage from attacks.
The Pokémon employs no-guard tactics to ensure incoming and outgoing attacks always land.
The Pokémon moves after all other Pokémon do.
Powers up the Pokémon's weaker moves.
Prevents status conditions in harsh sunlight.
The Pokémon can't use any held items.
Moves can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
The Pokémon is so lucky that the critical-hit ratios of its moves are boosted.
Damages the attacker if it contacts the Pokémon with a finishing hit.
The Pokémon can sense an opposing Pokémon's dangerous moves.
When it enters a battle, the Pokémon can tell one of the moves an opposing Pokémon has.
When attacking, the Pokémon ignores the target Pokémon's stat changes.
The Pokémon can use "not very effective" moves to deal regular damage.
Reduces the power of supereffective attacks taken.
For five turns, the Pokémon's Attack and Speed stats are halved.
The Pokémon can hit Ghost-type Pokémon with Normal- and Fighting-type moves.
Draws in all Water-type moves. Instead of being hit by Water-type moves, it boosts its Sp. Atk.
The Pokémon gradually regains HP in a hailstorm.
Reduces the power of supereffective attacks taken.
The Pokémon summons a hailstorm when it enters a battle.
The Pokémon may gather Honey after a battle.
When it enters a battle, the Pokémon can check an opposing Pokémon's held item.
Powers up moves that have recoil damage.
Changes the Pokémon's type to match the Plate it holds.
Boosts the Attack and Sp. Def stats of itself and allies in harsh sunlight.
Reduces the HP of sleeping opposing Pokémon.
Steals an item from an attacker that made direct contact.
Removes additional effects to increase the power of moves when attacking.
Makes stat changes have an opposite effect.
Unnerves opposing Pokémon and makes them unable to eat Berries.
Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat sharply when its stats are lowered.
Halves the Pokémon's Attack and Sp. Atk stats when its HP becomes half or less.
May disable a move used on the Pokémon.
Sometimes heals an ally's status condition.
Reduces damage done to allies.
Physical attacks to the Pokémon lower its Defense stat but sharply raise its Speed stat.
Doubles the Pokémon's weight.
Halves the Pokémon's weight.
Reduces the amount of damage the Pokémon takes while its HP is full.
Powers up physical attacks when the Pokémon is poisoned.
Powers up special attacks when the Pokémon is burned.
May create another Berry after one is used.
Anticipates an ally's attack and dodges it.
Raises one stat sharply and lowers another every turn.
Protects the Pokémon from things like sand, hail,and powder.
May poison a target when the Pokémon makes contact.
Restores a little HP when withdrawn from battle.
Protects the Pokémon from Defense-lowering effects.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in a sandstorm.
Makes status moves more likely to miss.
Boosts move power when the Pokémon moves last.
Comes out disguised as the Pokémon in the party's last spot.
The Pokémon transforms itself into the Pokémon it's facing.
Passes through the opposing Pokémon's barrier,substitute, and the like and strikes.
Contact with the Pokémon changes the attacker's Ability to Mummy.
The Pokémon shows moxie, and that boosts the Attack stat after knocking out any Pokémon.
Being hit by a Dark-type move boosts the Attack stat of the Pokémon, for justice.
Dark-, Ghost-, and Bug-type moves scare the Pokémon and boost its Speed stat.
Reflects status moves instead of getting hit by them.
Boosts the Attack stat if hit by a Grass-type move instead of taking damage.
Gives priority to a status move.
Boosts the power of Rock-, Ground-, and Steel-type moves in a sandstorm.
Inflicts damage on the attacker upon contact with iron barbs.
Changes the Pokémon's shape when HP is half or less.
Boosts the accuracy of its allies and itself.
Moves can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
Moves can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
Protects itself and its allies from attacks that limit their move choices.
Ally Grass-type Pokémon are protected from status conditions and the lowering of their stats.
Restores HP as well when the Pokémon eats a Berry.
Changes the Pokémon's type to the type of the move it's about to use.
Halves the damage from physical moves.
The Pokémon steals the held item of a Pokémon it hits with a move.
Protects the Pokémon from some ball and bomb moves.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat sharply when a stat is lowered.
The Pokémon's strong jaw boosts the power of its biting moves.
Normal-type moves become Ice-type moves.The power of those moves is boosted a little.
Prevents itself and ally Pokémon from falling asleep.
The Pokémon changes its form to Blade Forme when it uses an attack move and changes to Shield Forme when it uses King's Shield.
Gives priority to Flying-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is full.
Powers up aura and pulse moves.
Boosts the Pokémon's Defense stat on Grassy Terrain.
The Pokémon passes its item to an ally that has used up an item.
Powers up moves that make direct contact.
Normal-type moves become Fairy-type moves.The power of those moves is boosted a little.
Contact with the Pokémon lowers the attacker's Speed stat.
Normal-type moves become Flying-type moves.The power of those moves is boosted a little.
Parent and child each attacks.
Powers up each Pokémon's Dark-type moves.
Powers up each Pokémon's Fairy-type moves.
The effects of "Aura" Abilities are reversed to lower the power of affected moves.
The Pokémon changes the weather to nullify Fire-type attacks.
The Pokémon changes the weather to nullify Water-type attacks.
The Pokémon changes the weather to eliminate all of the Flying type's weaknesses.
Boosts the Defense stat when hit by an attack.
The Pokémon cowardly switches out when its HP becomes half or less.
The Pokémon, sensing danger, switches out when its HP becomes half or less.
Boosts the Pokémon's Defense stat sharply when hit by a Water-type move.
The Pokémon's attacks become critical hits if the target is poisoned.
When its HP becomes half or less, the Pokémon's shell breaks and it becomes aggressive.
Doubles the damage dealt to the target's replacement if the target switches out.
Lowers the power of Fire-type moves done to the Pokémon and prevents the Pokémon from getting a burn.
Powers up Steel-type moves.
Boosts the Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat when it takes a hit that causes its HP to become half or less.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in a hailstorm.
The Pokémon uses its moves without making contact with the target.
All sound-based moves become Water-type moves.
Gives priority to a healing move.
Normal-type moves become Electric-type moves.The power of those moves is boosted a little.
Doubles the Pokémon's Speed stat on Electric Terrain.
When it has a lot of HP, the Pokémon forms a powerful school. It stops schooling when its HP is low.
Once per battle, the shroud that covers the Pokémon can protect it from an attack.
Defeating an opposing Pokémon strengthens the Pokémon's bond with its Trainer, and it becomes Ash-Greninja. Water Shuriken gets more powerful.
Other Cells gather to aid when its HP becomes half or less. Then the Pokémon changes its form to Complete Forme.
The Pokémon can poison the target even if it's a Steel or Poison type.
It's always drowsing and will never wake up.It can attack without waking up.
Its majesty pressures the opposing Pokémon,making it unable to attack using priority moves.
Damages the attacker landing the finishing hit by the amount equal to its last HP.
When another Pokémon uses a dance move,it can use a dance move following it regardless of its Speed.
Powers up ally Pokémon's special moves.
Halves the damage taken from moves that make direct contact, but doubles that of Fire-type moves.
Surprises the opposing Pokémon, making it unable to attack using priority moves.
Boosts its Sp. Atk stat every time a Pokémon faints.
Contact with the Pokémon lowers the attacker's Speed stat.
The Pokémon copies the Ability of a defeated ally.
The Pokémon copies the Ability of a defeated ally.
The Pokémon boosts its most proficient stat each time it knocks out a Pokémon.
Changes the Pokémon's type to match the memory disc it holds.
Turns the ground into Electric Terrain when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Turns the ground into Psychic Terrain when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Turns the ground into Misty Terrain when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Turns the ground into Grassy Terrain when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Prevents other Pokémon's moves or Abilities from lowering the Pokémon's stats.
Reduces the amount of damage the Pokémon takes while its HP is full.
Reduces the power of supereffective attacks taken.
Powers up moves that are super effective.
Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Boosts the Pokémon's Defense stat when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Changes the Pokémon's type to the type of the move it's about to use.
If the Pokémon is not holding an item, it will fetch the Poké Ball from the first failed throw of the battle.
When the Pokémon is hit by an attack, it scatters cotton fluff around and lowers the Speed stat of all Pokémon except itself.
Ignores the effects of opposing Pokémon's Abilities and moves that draw in moves.
Bounces back only the stat-lowering effects that the Pokémon receives.
When the Pokémon uses Surf or Dive, it will come back with prey. When it takes damage, it will spit out the prey to attack.
Ignores the effects of opposing Pokémon's Abilities and moves that draw in moves.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat drastically if hit by a Fire- or Water-type move.
Boosts the power of sound-based moves.The Pokémon also takes half the damage from these kinds of moves.
The Pokémon creates a sandstorm when it's hit by an attack.
The Pokémon is protected by ice scales, which halve the damage taken from special moves.
Ripens Berries and doubles their effect.
The Pokémon's ice head can take a physical attack as a substitute, but the attack also changes the Pokémon's appearance. The ice will be restored when it hails.
Just being next to the Pokémon powers up moves.
Changes the Pokémon's type depending on the terrain.
When the Pokémon enters a battle, the effects of Light Screen, Reflect, and Aurora Veil are nullified for both opposing and ally Pokémon.
Powers up ally Pokémon's Steel-type moves.
When hit by a move that makes direct contact,the Pokémon and the attacker will faint after three turns unless they switch out of battle.
The Pokémon exchanges Abilities with a Pokémon that hits it with a move that makes direct contact.
Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat but only allows the use of the first selected move.
If the Pokémon with Neutralizing Gas is in the battle,the effects of all Pokémon's Abilities will be nullified or will not be triggered.
Protects the Pokémon and its ally Pokémon from being poisoned.
The Pokémon changes its form, alternating between its Full Belly Mode and Hangry Mode after the end of each turn.
Enables the Pokémon to move first occasionally.
If the Pokémon uses moves that make direct contact,it can attack the target even if the target protects itself.
When the Pokémon enters a battle, it scatters medicine from its shell, which removes all stat changes from allies.
Powers up Electric-type moves.
Powers up Dragon-type moves.
When the Pokémon knocks out a target, it utters a chilling neigh, which boosts its Attack stat.
When the Pokémon knocks out a target, it utters a terrifying neigh, which boosts its Sp. Atk stat.
This Ability combines the effects of both Calyrex's Unnerve Ability and Glastrier's Chilling Neigh Ability.
This Ability combines the effects of both Calyrex's Unnerve Ability and Spectrier's Grim Neigh Ability.
