Check map
Welcome to the world of Pokémon!
Why don't you watch a little TV?
Head downstairs.
Go meet <var>!
Go check on <var>.
Go take a look at Lake Verity.
You'd better go return that Pokémon.
Go visit the Pokémon Research Lab.
You really ought to tell your mom that you're going on an adventure.
Time to go to Jubilife City!
Head over to the Trainers' School.
Explore Jubilife City!
Find three clowns around the city and correctly answer each of their Pokétch Quiz questions.
Go and pick up your very own Pokétch!
Next stop is Oreburgh City!
Look for the Gym Leader of Oreburgh City.
Defeat Roark at the Oreburgh Gym!
Head out to your next adventure!
Time to head back to Jubilife City.
Unused
<var> went to Eterna City, so you'd better make your way there, too!
Have a look at the Valley Windworks.
Search for the Works Key.
Enter the Valley Windworks.
Take out the Team Galactic members in the Valley Windworks!
Work with Cheryl to get out of the forest!
Try exploring Eterna City!
Defeat Gardenia at the Eterna Gym!
Find the Trainers hiding in the Gym.
Go stop Team Galactic!
Try talking to the man in the Team Galactic Eterna Building.
Go visit the Cycle Shop!
Why don't you pay the Underground Man a visit?
Travel South on Cycling Road.
Make your way to Hearthome City.
Head over to the Contest Hall.
Explore Hearthome City!
Go to Veilstone City.
Explore Veilstone City!
Defeat the Gym Leader of Veilstone City!
Try leaving the Gym.
Go and get <var>'s Pokédex back!
Make your way to Pastoria City!
Defeat the Gym Leader at the Pastoria Gym!
Try exploring Pastoria City!
Chase the grunt heading east of Pastoria City!
Help the group of Psyduck on Route 210!
Deliver the Old Charm to Celestic Town.
Stop the "spaceman" in front of the ruins!
Check out the ruins!
Defeat Fantina at the Hearthome Gym!
Make your way to Canalave City.
Time to explore Canalave City!
Defeat the Gym Leader at the Canalave Gym!
Follow <var> to the Canalave Library!
Try leaving the library.
Go figure out what's happening at Lake Valor!
Go check out the situation at Lake Verity.
Stop the Team Galactic members at Lake Verity.
Check up on how things are going at Lake Acuity.
Obtain the TM Strength!
Make your way to the Snowpoint Gym.
Head to Team Galactic's HQ.
Find a way to get inside Team Galactic's HQ!
Go open the door in Team Galactic's warehouse.
Explore the Galactic HQ!
Reenter the Galactic HQ from the Galactic Veilstone Building.
Save the captured Pokémon!
Push the button to save the captured Pokémon.
Stop Team Galactic at Mount Coronet's summit!
Obtain the TM containing Rock Climb!
Calm the out-of-control Legendary Pokémon!
Go check up on Sunyshore City.
Find the Gym Leader of the Sunyshore Gym!
Defeat the Gym Leader at the Sunyshore Gym!
Head for the Pokémon League.
Battle your way through the Pokémon League!
Go to the first floor.
Head to where <var> is calling you.
Explore the Fight Area!
Try visiting the Battle Tower.
Complete your Pokédex and turn in your report!
Try adventuring all over the Sinnoh region!
There seems to be someone nearby who can play using local communication.
A lot of <var> have been spotted<var>!
Look inside the Team Galactic Eterna Building.
Check out the entrance of Lake Valor.
Defeat the Gym Leader at the Snowpoint Gym!
