Hi! Do you want to trade your Rattata for my Rattata?
That's too bad.

Awww! I'm so happy! Let's get started!
Were you surprised? My Rattata is from the Alola region! Some Pokémon have different appearances and even types depending on where they were born, even if they are the same species.
Hi! Do you want to trade your Rattata from Kanto for my Rattata from Alola again?
Thanks!
I've come here to collect a lot of Kantonian <var>. If you have <var>, please trade it for my <var>!
...I see. If you change your mind, let me know.

Are you giving me that Pokémon? All right. Deal!
Thanks for the great trade! Alolan <var> are Ice type, unlike <var> in Kanto.
Will you trade your Kantonian <var> for my <var> again?
Thank you! Ah... I absolutely love Kantonian <var>. Of course, I adore Alolan <var>, too!
Do Kantonian Diglett look smooth? My Diglett looks prickly. Do you want to trade our Diglett?
You're playing hardball, aren't you.

Tee-hee. So exciting. Let's do this.
Wow, it's true! It looks so smooth! Thank you so much! Let's trade again, OK?
Do you want to trade your smooth-looking Diglett for my prickly looking Diglett again?
No matter how many Kantonian Diglett I've seen, they still look so smooth and adorable! Please trade again!
...Are you interested in Dark-type Pokémon? If you have <var>, maybe I could trade my Dark-type <var> for it...?
Heh... Suit yourself.

Heh... Have you made up your mind? OK. Let's make a deal.
Dark-type <var> are pretty cute, aren't they?
You want more Dark-type Pokémon? If you have a Kantonian <var>, I wouldn't mind trading my <var> for it...
...You really like this, don't you. If you want to shroud yourself in darkness again, come see me.
I'm a huge Raichu fan who came all the way from Alola! Let's trade your Kantonian Raichu and my Raichu!
It's so cute, though!

Have you decided? All righty, then. Let's trade!
Alolan Raichu is Electric and Psychic type. It's a wonderful Pokémon that can learn Psychic from a TM.
I'm a huge Raichu fan who came all the way from Alola! Let's trade your Kantonian Raichu and my Alolan Raichu again!
Please spread the word to the world about how cute Alolan Raichu is!
You! Do you have a Ground-type Marowak? If possible, I'd like to trade my Marowak for it.
No pressure, of course.

Are you mentally prepared for the trade? All right, then.
Whoopee! I love Ground-type Marowak. Let's trade again when we have a chance.
I'd like to trade my Alolan Marowak for your Ground-type Marowak. What do you say?
I knew it. I just love the Kantonian Ground-type Marowak. Let's trade again when we have a chance.
Hey, you! If you have an Exeggutor, I'll trade my Exeggutor for it. I'm very proud of my Exeggutor. What do you think?
You don't want it? I'm very proud of my Exeggutor, though.

Please accept my Exeggutor. I'm so proud of it.
This Exeggutor is amazing, right? In the faraway Alola region, they grow up carefree, so they get really tall!
Do you want to get another one of the Exeggutor that make me so proud? If you give me a short-necked Exeggutor, I'll give you another one of mine in return.
There's such a big difference just because they grow up in different environments. Life is so mysterious.
Hello there, sonyoung lady. How would you like to trade your Geodude for my Geodude?
Hmmm... Well, that's too bad.
Hoho! Delightful! In that case, let us begin!
Bahahaha! Surprised, aren't you? My Geodude is from Alola! If you bring more Kantonian Geodude, I'll be happy to trade with you anytime!
Oh ho! Are you here to trade Geodude again?
Friendship nurtured by trading Geodude... How wonderful! Bahahahaha!
Tatianna
Nicholice
Diggette
Darko
Psytrice
Genmar
Exemann
Higeo
