It's too high up... You can't reach it!
Pika?
Vee?
Maybe <var> could reach it, if there were some way to climb up there...
If there were a step stool or something, maybe it would be possible to reach the top from here!
Look around and see if you can find something you could climb up on!
This chair could probably be used as a step!
Up you go!
Pika!
Vee!
Now's the time for your partner to shine! Get the key that the Team Rocket Grunt threw!
You look at <var> with eyes full of trust!
Go through the wall to reach the pipes on the other side!
???: Where did that Cubone come from, Boss?
CUBONE: Maa...
???: Two of my underlings decided to bring it here, without my permission.
???: The skull on its head is very beautiful... We should be able to sell it for a good price once it becomes a Marowak.
???: ... ... ...
It looks like they're talking about something complicated.
...Pika!
...Vee!
<var> got the Lift Key!
JESSIE: Did you hear something just now?
JAMES: I did! There was definitely a noise! Could it be...an intruder?!
Pi...
Vee...
MEOWTH: Grrrrrr!
JAMES: ...Never mind. It must've just been Meowth's hungry tummy.
JESSIE: Don't get me all worried over nothing!
JESSIE: The boss's Persian is so elegant...
JAMES: And that Fake Out move it uses! It always makes an opponent flinch in battle! It's strong AND cool...
JESSIE: Oh, did I tell you the news? My Ekans! It evolved!
JAMES: Oh! Congratulations, Jessie! You know, my Koffing evolved into Weezing, too!
JESSIE: You know that Admin named Archer? He uses this Golbat, and it flapped past me in the hall the other day... Oooh, it gave me the creeps!
JAMES: Archer has a Weezing, too, doesn't he? I wouldn't have thought that he and I would have the same tastes...
JESSIE: Guard duty sure is dull, isn't it...?
JAMES: Sure is dull, yeah...
It's a solid box, holding a fire extinguisher... But it's too heavy for you to move!
There's something written on the papers... "Team Rocket's Greatest-Ever Secret Plan!"
This chair is awfully rickety... It doesn't seem like you could move it.

It's a map of the Kanto region—and it's covered with notes about someone's sinister plans!
This cardboard box is so heavy, you can't lift it!
There's a note on the wall, with a warning scrawled on it! "Please don't let any Pokémon in the air vents! They climb atop the walls and wreak havoc!"

There's an intercom with a video screen... Better not touch it if we don't know who might answer at the other end!

There's a book lying on the table... Dark Charisma: How You Too Can Become an Evil Mastermind!
<var> came back to you!
You got the Lift Key from <var>!
<var> is waiting for you! Jump with all your might!
