OAK: Oh! If it isn't <var> and <var>!
You two are both looking a lot more grown up than the last time I saw you.
And you have impeccable timing, as usual! Let me introduce you.
This is my grandson. ...Erm, what was his name, now?
BLUE: Gramps, no one ever laughs at that joke! Would you give it a break? And besides, we've already met!
OAK: My own grandson... You're no fun...
BLUE: Yeah, yeah. Sure, Gramps. More important than that, though...
<var>! <var>! You two did awesome!
<var>: Huh?
BLUE: With Team Rocket! I never thought that their boss would actually be holed up there at Silph Co.!
And the two of you managed to take him down!
<var>: No, it wasn't me! <var> beat Giovanni all by himerself! All I did was help out a bit...



BLUE: So what? You and your Pokémon did your best, too, right, <var>?
So I've got a little something for you two! As a reward for your hard work.



You got a Key Stone from Blue!
OAK: Oooh! Isn't that a Key Stone? A stone that can trigger an Evolution that transcends all other Evolutions—Mega Evolution!
<var>: Mega Evolution?! What's that?!
OAK: If you have both a Key Stone and the right Mega Stone... you can make a Pokémon Mega Evolve in battle! Just one time per battle, though!
Your Pokémon will get all powered up to battle hard for you! Mega Evolution is proof of the strong bond between a Pokémon and its Trainer!
Er-hem. A brief poem, if I may... "When two stones are held... When two hearts become as one... We Mega Evolve..."
BLUE: The two of you should be able to use these well! These are Mega Stones!
You got a Venusaurite, a Charizardite X, a Charizardite Y, and a Blastoisinite!
You're gonna take on the Pokémon League, aren't you? Give these a try when you do!
BLUE: Oh. But what're you even doing back here in Pallet Town? ...What? Viridian City's Gym Leader is never at the Gym? Huh, that's odd... Maybe I'll go take a look myself...
OAK: You two are so close to the Pokémon League now. Just one last push!

<var>: Mega Evolution... Man, if Team Rocket had used a thing like that, they'd have been an even bigger pain!
I've heard there are many other kinds of Mega Stones in the world, as well.
Mega Evolution is pretty rare here in Kanto!
Pallet Town may be small, but plenty of strong Trainers have come from here. I'd guess the professor must be pretty proud!
