





































































I run the Pokémon Day Care and look after Pokémon. Now then, what would you like to do?
I'm the Day-Care Lady. I look after and raise the Pokémon of Trainers who leave them here with me. Now then, what would you like to do?
I see. Please come again soon.
If you leave that Pokémon at the Pokémon Day Care, you won't have enough to battle! Why don't you try catching some more Pokémon and adding them to your party first?
You can't leave any Pokémon unless you have at least three across your party and Pokémon Box. Why don't you try catching some more Pokémon and adding them to your party first?
Please choose the Pokémon you'd like me to raise for you.
That one looks like it couldn't bear to be apart from you! I can feel the strong bond you two have.
All right, then I'll take good care of <var>.
Be sure to come back later after some time has passed.
<var>'s level has increased by around <var> since you last visited.
It'll cost you ₽<var> to take out <var>.
Oh? Looks like you don't have enough money.
Hm? Seems your party and Pokémon Box are quite full. Please try coming back after you've organized things a bit.
By the way, your Pokémon found this.
If you'd ever like me to raise a Pokémon for you, feel free to drop by anytime.
If I look after that Pokémon, you won't have any left to battle with!
Hey there—the name's Mr. Hyper. Listen closely now, my young friend. If you ever achieve the title of Champion, be sure to come back here and see me! I'll be waiting!
Hoho! What's this now? You've become the Champion! I'm Mr. Hyper! I train Lv. 100 Pokémon with my special Hyper Training! Bring me a Bottle Cap, and I'll train one stat! Bring me a Gold Bottle Cap, and I'll train all of a Pokémon's stats at once!
I'm Mr. Hyper! Want to try some of my Hyper Training?
If you want me to train up your Pokémon, bring me some Bottle Caps!
Which one of your Pokémon do you want to do some Hyper Training on?
That Pokémon hasn't leveled up enough to be ready for my amazing Hyper Training! Only Lv. 100 Pokémon can handle the hype!
But that Pokémon is already so awesome that it doesn't need any training!
Which one of its stats do you want to do some Hyper Training on?
Will you exchange a Bottle Cap to train <var>'s <var>?
Will you exchange a Gold Bottle Cap to train all of <var>'s stats?
Then get hyped! Because I'm about to do some real Hyper Training on <var> here!
Hyaaah! Hyaaaaaaah!
<var> grew stronger, thanks to the Hyper Training!
Want to keep the hype rolling and do some more Hyper Training?
Then come back anytime! I'll always be hyped to see you!
Hyper Training is a way to help Pokémon that have reached Lv. 100 become even stronger! This special training can help them increase their stats! If you want me to train up your Pokémon, bring me some Bottle Caps. I collect them. A regular Bottle Cap will get you training for a single stat. But bring me a rare Gold Bottle Cap, and I'll train up all your Pokémon's stats to the max at once!
₽<var>
Drop off
Pick up
Never mind
Yes
No
You picked up <var> from the Day-Care Lady!
HP
Attack
Defense
Sp. Atk
Sp. Def
Speed
All
Never mind
Hyper Training?
That stat can't get any more hyper! It's as high as it can get!
