Welcome to the Battle Agency!
The Battle Agency is a facility where you use a borrowed Pokémon and battle along with visitors in Festival Plaza. You're an agent here and have a grade that shows how great you are as an agent. You can borrow a particularly strong Pokémon as an agent, and the higher your grade gets, the stronger the Pokémon you can borrow. Raise your grade, and aim to be a top agent! Now...
You're currently in the middle of your challenge at the Battle Agency. Your grade will go up with <var> more successful challenges.
Your current grade is <var>. What would you like to do?
Which topic would you like to learn about?
You can battle with various Pokémon here. Battles will be three-on-three in Single Battle format. Before you begin, you can borrow one Pokémon at this reception desk. The other two Pokémon are the Pokémon of other Trainers in Festival Plaza. Invite two Trainers who are in Festival Plaza, and ask for their help to battle at the agency.
You'll battle various Trainers in a row here. If you get a win streak, you'll get Festival Coins and rewards. Three consecutive wins are counted as one successful challenge. If you keep succeeding, your grade will go up. The higher your grade gets, the stronger the Pokémon you can borrow at this reception desk. Looking at your borrowed Pokémon, other Trainers may want to invite you to their battles. Keep winning, raise your grade, and go all the way to the top at the Battle Agency!
We look forward to seeing you again.
You've borrowed <var>. Would you like to select another Pokémon?
We can now lend you these Pokémon. Which Pokémon would you like?
You borrowed <var>!
Which teammate's Pokémon would you like to check?
You've already asked two Trainers to be your teammates, but would you like to select your teammates again?
Which teammate would you like to change?
Now please select Trainers you want to ask to be your teammates.
<var> has been invited to join your team.
Excuse me. You didn't save before you quit your challenge last time. I'm sorry, but you'll have to start your challenge over again.
First, borrow a Pokémon you're going to use.
You don't have enough teammates. So, we'll introduce a Trainer or two.
Then let's go.
Let me introduce the Trainers who will battle along with you.
Battle No. <var>, start!
Well done! It was a fantastic victory.
You earned <var> FC!
Next is Battle No. <var>. Would you like to keep battling?
Next is Battle No. <var>, against a boss. Are you ready?
Would you like to put your challenge on hold?
Congratulations! You succeeded in your challenge!
You've spectacularly defeated the boss! It was a great battle. Please take this.
Aim at the next five consecutive wins. Good luck!
Congratulations. Your grade is now <var>!
We're not open yet. Please wait until the owner invites you.
The first opponent will use <var>, <var>, and <var>.
The second opponent will use <var>, <var>, and <var>.
The third opponent will use <var>, <var>, and <var>.
The Pokémon that the fourth and fifth opponents will use are secret.
Sorry... Please try again!
<var>
Challenge
Hints about your opponents
Choose Pokémon
View selected Pokémon
Ask Trainers to join your team
View teammate's Pokémon
Info
Quit
About the facility
About the rules
Yes
No
Summary
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
Change
View Pokémon
Continue
Take a break
Save
Borrow


Welcome to the Battle Agency reception desk. Not to brag, but this facility is pretty sweet...
First, go ahead and borrow a Pokémon at the reception desk.
You can choose one of three Pokémon.
Once you've borrowed a Pokémon, next is asking Trainers to join your team.
Look for Trainers who have strong Pokémon.
Battle alongside your teammates and get rewards!
If you keep winning, your grade will go up.
If your grade goes up, you can battle with stronger Pokémon!
Battle a lot and raise your grade.
That's how it works. Go ahead and give it a try.
Back
Battle preparation
All right. Let's move on to battle preparation.
You don't have enough teammates. Please ask some Trainers to be your teammates.
Would you like to prepare for your battles? What would you like to do?
Would you like to select this Pokémon?
It seems there are no Trainers you can ask to be your teammates yet. To ask Trainers to be your teammates, please use StreetPass.
I'll give you Festival Coins to commemorate your victory against Trainers.
Please take this.
Oh!! Who are you? I'll beat you!
You've come a long way... It's time for me to get serious!
... ... ... ... ... ...
<var>, your grade will go up with <var> more successful challenges.
You're currently in the middle of your challenge at the Battle Agency. A boss will appear if you have <var> more successful challenges.
A boss will appear if you have <var> more successful challenges.
You've reached grade 50 and cleared the Battle Agency! Congratulations! From now on, for every five successful challenges, you'll receive a reward.
Pokémon have type matchups. It's a shortcut to victory to know which type your Pokémon is weak against or strong against.
It's also effective to swap Pokémon in or out during a battle. If your Pokémon is weak to the opposing Pokémon, swapping it out can be advantageous.
Do you check your Pokémon's Ability? Abilities may be different even among the same species of Pokémon.
Sometimes defense is more important than offense. Moves that change statuses are also useful.
You might want to consider swapping out your Pokémon if you think the opposing Pokémon could use a supereffective move against it.
Do you pay attention to changes in the opposing Pokémon's stats? Touch the icon of the Pokémon, and you can see its stat changes.
You should check if your Pokémon is good at physical attacks or special attacks. It may be effective to use physical moves on a Pokémon that seems to be strong against special attacks.
Even if the power of two moves is the same, if one move's type is the same as the Pokémon's type, it will be more powerful than a move of a different type.
If your Pokémon's Speed stat is higher than the opponent's, your Pokémon can use a move before the opponent. It may be a good idea to compare Speed and create a strategy.
If your Pokémon in battle doesn't have a supereffective move, why don't you swap it out for another Pokémon?
Last but not least, we request that you project the proper look as an agent at the Battle Agency. Good luck!
Your grade is now <var>. Congratulations! I'd like to give you something. I'm pretty sure they'll look cool on you.
You received Agent Sunglasses.
Installing a battle program... Type "<var>."
Installing a battle program... Type "<var>."
Next, please ask other Trainers to join your team to battle with you.
Next is to ask other Trainers to join your team to battle with you, but you don't seem to know Trainers who you can ask to join your team. To ask Trainers to be your teammates, please use StreetPass.
Please select Challenge to start your challenge, Mrs. <var>.
You succeeded in your challenge! Your talent as an agent has been recognized, and you have received a grade. We hope for your further success!
Since your grade is now <var>, a battle setting to further test your ability as an agent will appear. That means a weather effect or a field effect will be added at the beginning of a battle. Create a battle strategy by selecting Pokémon with certain types or moves, depending on the battle setting. Reselecting Pokémon at an exchange center— Switcheroo in Festival Plaza—is effective.
There is no battle setting today.
Today's battle setting is "harsh sunlight."
Today's battle setting is "rain."
Today's battle setting is "hail."
Today's battle setting is "sandstorm."
Today's battle setting is "Electric Terrain."
Today's battle setting is "Misty Terrain."
Today's battle setting is "Psychic Terrain."
Today's battle setting is "Grassy Terrain."
Today's battle setting is "extremely harsh sunlight."
Today's battle setting is "heavy rain."
Today's battle setting is "strong winds."









I'll give you a participation prize.
