Millllll! ♪
Your Pokémon's health has been restored!
Ruff-ride!
Hssss!
Lies!
Ni-hiiiiiin!
The children hailing from other islands sure seem to speak in a most peculiar fashion. My own venerable grandfather is the only one I had to emulate growing up...
Pokémon Poems: Surfing for Love See the Mantine, surfing so gracefully. And yet the wave of love swallows all. Watch, my love, as I perform move after move For all I wish is to grab your attention.
With a splash I fall, and I must ask why my chest is so tight, as if I am drowning. It seems love has no air, much like the sea, and I find myself sinking, deeper and deeper.
Pokémon Pop Psychology Quiz! You're starving, but you have absolutely no food. Then a Slowpoke comes along and offers you its tail...
What do you do?
Chomp into it raw!
At least cook it
Make it into jerky!
I'd never eat it
You chose "Chomp into it raw!" That means... You're honest and straightforward, and you can be very innocent. You're quick to grasp new concepts and not afraid to try new things. In fact, you might even be a genius!
It might even feel like you're the kingqueen of the world, but be careful! You can be so carefree, sometimes you make huge blunders! Don't let those bog you down, though—be who you are! Carry a yellow bag for better fortunes!
You chose "At least cook it"! That means... You're good at figuring out what's possible and what's not. You're calm and very analytical.
But maybe you put limits on yourself without really trying your best? You have so much hidden potential—don't be afraid to believe in yourself! Stay positive by wearing some cool orange sandals!
You chose "Make it into jerky!" That means... You're really adaptable, and you're good at making the best of any situation. You have lofty ideals, and you're not afraid to work hard to make them real.
It must be difficult sometimes, but your hard work will be worth it in the end! But don't get too carried away, or you could make some big mistakes! Your lucky item is a pair of swanky sunglasses!
You chose "I'd never eat it"! That means... You follow what you truly believe in, no matter what anyone tells you. But sometimes you can be a little bit too stubborn.
Try listening to those around you from time to time... Who knows? It may open doorways to new worlds! If you can find any slightly torn clothing, that will help bring you opportunities!
There's an old and well-thumbed magazine called Guide to Alolan Cuisine.
