When Pokémon evolve, their appearance can change quite a lot. Some Pokémon can also change forms, which can change how they look and their stats. And then there are the regional variants, which are quite another thing altogether. Pokémon don't just change into regional variants like they might change forms.
Yaaarghhh?! What is going on?!






Regional variants... It can all seem a bit complicated, but think about it like this... If you visit a tropical region, you get a tan, right? Isn't it something like that?
It's like it tore a hole in space... Does this world connect to...somewhere else?
Starmie is known as the Mysterious Pokémon. If it's really a star from the night sky appearing to us in a different form... Then it's like a Pokémon is just using us humans and making us take care of it. Do you ever imagine things like that? I do.
Wh-what is that hole?! What is going on?!
Sudowoodo is a Pokémon that pretends to be a tree in order to protect itself. But...wouldn't it be better to disguise itself as the kind of tree you actually see here in Alola? Or would that make it seem like an Exeggutor?
Wood?
The PC Boxes were first developed by a guy in the Kanto region called Bill. Apparently he's a real Pokémon maniac!
Imagine using the same Pokémon in your Boxes in battle again after hundreds of years... It's like a kind of time machine, isn't it?
We are also protecting so-called regional variants. What is it in the climate and features that is affecting the Pokémon? We are trying to determine that by testing different parameters, such as the local soil, water, and temperature.
I'm in no position to face my children now... I've lost any right to claim that I am protecting Pokémon as well... If I can't be a mother to them, and I'm no longer worthy to be the president of this foundation... then what am I to be?
I am Lusamine. I am the president of this foundation and mother to Gladion and Lillie. And while I will pour my love into protecting Pokémon and my children from pain... I will also try to be strong enough to watch over them without interfering from now on. That would be an even more beautiful kind of love, wouldn't you say? I learned to think this way after watching you... young <var>.
No matter what life may bring you, if you can keep on smiling as you enjoy a tasty malasada with the people and Pokémon you love, then you'll be fine in the end.
