Hey! You came back to this planet?!
Huh? But you're not wearing any protective gear... Could it be you're from a different world?
...Huh? You don't know what I mean? Oh, are you from a different world?
Well, I guess it doesn't really matter. Please, make yourself at home! I know it's a bit of a mess here, but...
If you want to head out, just follow the pipe.
Everyone else ran off to some distant planet. But since Mr. Glutton is still here and all, I felt like, y'know, maybe I should stick around, too.
Hey, wow, you actually were able to keep up with Mr. Glutton! It'll be back once it gets hungry. I bet it would love to play again, too!
Mr. Glutton really seems to like you! You're an interesting person, that's for sure. Mr. Glutton will eat just about anything, but please, take good care of it!
Hey there! Come for a bit of chitchat?
Tell me about Guzzlord
What's that leaking machine?
So, that damaged screen...
What's up with that suit?
No, I'm good
Guzzlord...? Oh, you mean Mr. Glutton? His kind have lived on this planet since long before I was even born. They eat anything, and I mean literally anything. Trash, toxic waste, you name it. But their numbers seem to be decreasing these days.
Oh, that's a filtering machine to make the dirty water here clean. But one of the pipes broke, so there's a bit of a leak. The water-purity level is still pretty high, so it should be safe to drink for now.
It starts playing videos and music and such if you put it in a bright spot. I've never seen it aside from on the monitor, but I guess that's the color folks used to call "blue."
I heard that back in the day, people would spend a lot of time every day worrying about what to wear. Things are much less complicated now, since the only choice is this suit. Breathe too much of the air around here without the suit, and it can be very dangerous. Uh, actually, you may want to keep breathing to a minimum if you're going outside.
Oh, come again anytime!
What are all those cards?
That power plant poster...
I found a faded sign...
Oh, those? Each little card is a storage device— they can hold a huge amount of information. All the data in the world could fit on one bookshelf! But the machine used to read them is broken, so they're not much use now...
You noticed that poster, did you? I found it buried in the rubble and decided to put it up. The people from my grandparents' generation burned most of them, so they're hard to find! Whenever I brought up the power plant, it seemed like the adults didn't want to hear about it, but I like that poster. It's cheerful.
Apparently, that sign is from an older era than the rest of the rubble around here. It's a bit sad I can't read all of it, but it's just so rusted... It must have been placed in an area that was rough on metal or something.
What do Guzzlord eat?
They'll eat anything they find, like rubble, waste, whatever. They have a huge appetite, so we couldn't take them to the other planets... Oh! Please, don't mess too much with Mr. Glutton's food out back.
