With a little help from Tauros, <var>, you'll be able to smash right through those big rocks on Route 1!

All right! I got a little something for you, too!
False Swipe is a move that will leave your opponent with 1 HP when you attack. Keep on catching more and more Pokémon, yeah, and let Rotom learn all about 'em!
But first, you've gotta go let your mom know what you're up to. When you're done with that, head on down to the Marina in Hau'oli City. Oh yeah!
Oh! If you're heading into Hau'oli, you should totally check out the Shopping Mall! And the Alola Photo Club, too!
What do you mean?
Pew?
You know! The one Ilima mentioned! He totally had the right idea. You should go to the Alola Photo Club and take a special photo to remember clearing your first grand trial!
Good thinking, Hau! And once you finish your grand trial, you'll be doing the same thing, yeah?
Heh heh! I sure hope so, but first... Come on, Tutu! Don't go too easy on me now!
You're all getting so strong already, yeah... I can't wait to see how much more you'll grow.
All right, time to get the boat ready. Lillie, you gonna help me clean it?
I guess I am... So I suppose we'll see you later in Hau'oli City.
Um... I actually wanted to ask a favor of you first, <var>. If that's all right?
Sure!
What is it?
You see... Nebby is... Its real home is far away from here. And I want to help it get home.
It's like I told you before... Nebby saved my life once when I was in trouble. Now I want to save it!
I feel like there's not much I can do on my own, since I'm not a Pokémon Trainer... But if I had a real Trainer like you helping me, <var>, then maybe...
But I probably shouldn't ask a near stranger to help, right? I know it's just my own wish and it has nothing to do with you...
Of course I'll help!
Yeah, I don't know...
Oh, thank you so much. I'm so glad! I really didn't know what else to do!
Then I suppose... The two of us will be heading to the next island as well!
Pew!
I...I understand. Um, but if you ever do learn anything that you think might help Nebby get home... I'd really appreciate it if you could tell me. I'll do my best to look for clues on the next island on my own. And maybe I'll see you there.
Pew!



You will grow even stronger from now on! After all, you have true partners who you can rely on as you walk your path together!
If you could beat my gramps, <var>... then there's no way I can lose this battle!
