Woooooohhhhhh!!
Wait, those were Pokémon?! I totally thought they were just plants!
Calm yourself, Zossie. Those must have been the Pokémon known as Sudowoodo. A most interesting Pokémon. I wish I could research them further. They must be mimicking plant life in an attempt to avoid their weakness—water. 
These Alolan Pokémon... They're all so unique. It's truly fascinating... But battling them is not easy.
So I challenge you with one we are accustomed to...Poipole!
I knew it! You can't just challenge people like that! Sorry, Misters Trainer. But do you think a battle would be OK?
That's what I thought. It's way too sudden!
Our research is insufficient to define what it means to be a Pokémon Trainer... We'll never be able to stop Necrozma like this...
I will warn you now. Poipole cannot be found anywhere in Alola.
I must research the reason for my defeat...
Your Z-Power Ring... It's so pretty when it shines like that!
What are you suggesting? That it might be like the beautiful light our ancestors once saw?
How should I know? See you around, Trainer!
Oho! These Sudowoodo are fascinating Pokémon as well, worthy of being a research topic all on their own! The way they mimic plants in order to avoid water... How very interesting.
Just as our research suggested, Captain Phyco.
Indeed... We must gather data about Pokémon if we want to win Pokémon battles, after all.
That being said, there is no need for us to use these odd Alolan Pokémon. Soliera, if you would be so kind...
Trainer, could I ask you to face me in a Pokémon battle?
I would very much like you to face me, so I will wait over here.
I have created a few on my own, but these Poké Balls are the most peculiar devices!
Then... I will face you with my Poipole.
Thank you very much... I was able to understand Poipole better, but it seems my Pokémon battle skills leave much to be desired...
That Z-Power Ring of yours... Its light feels somehow nostalgic.
Do you think it is the same light our ancestors gazed upon? The light said to have come from the Blinding One?
Who can tell? Yet it is our duty as the Ultra Recon Squad to find that out.

Hey! Looks like you passed Lana's trial, huh? And you got that Waterium Z, huh? The Sudowoodo can't take that at all!
Those weird people had weird Pokémon to match! Well, I guess it's not a big deal. The weird people are gone, and so are the Sudowoodo! Now everyone can use the road again. Here's a little something for you in return!
I wonder if maybe those Sudowoodo ran off to the Battle Royal Dome to try to get stronger... You know about the Battle Royal Dome, right? That's the place where you enter Battle Royals!
