The unidentified creature disappeared...
So, it's true... I still need that Pokémon. I need to get it back.
Miss Lusamine! Are you OK?!
That Ultra Beast just now... It came from the other end of an Ultra Wormhole... It is a being from another world. A world that you know as Ultra Space!
Why so shocked? Was it your first time seeing an Ultra Beast? Those mysterious creatures that live beyond the Ultra Wormholes, the holes that suddenly open in the sky and lead to Ultra Space... It would serve you well to remember this.
Who the—?! Seriously, what's with that getup?!
These are my guests. The Ultra Recon Squad. They have been giving the foundation advice about the Ultra Beasts.
Why don't you introduce yourselves?
...Dulse.
And I'm Zossie!
So we meet again, trial-goer.
The Ultra Recon Squad is— Well, as the name suggests, it is a group that investigates Ultra Wormholes and Ultra Beasts. This is Captain Phyco. And I am Soliera.
Ultra Wormholes?
Ultra Beasts?
We came to the Alola region from another world by passing through an Ultra Wormhole. We came from a world of darkness, whose light was stolen by the one called Necrozma...
Our world is a world without light... The light was stolen by a creature known to us as Necrozma. A creature almost like an Ultra Beast. And someday it will come to steal the light of Alola as well...like an eclipse that never passes.
See, this Necrozma is, like, unbelievably strong! It can wield light however it likes, and sure, it does run wild sometimes, but it also shares this mysterious light it has with others, too!
We have also come to the Alola region from another world, via an Ultra Wormhole. A world of darkness, without light...
Our world is wrapped in darkness. Though it also shone with light once, long ago...
There is a creature...known as Necrozma. It is able to bestow light upon others, but now it runs wild, beyond reason. We call it the Blinding One out of respect, but... I fear that the day may come when Alola loses its light to Necrozma.
But everything will be fine. If this Necrozma, or even an Ultra Beast like the one we just saw, should come to this world from another, the Aether Foundation will be prepared to protect the light of Alola.
Rest easy... You will not need to worry about a thing.
