Route 1 "The number-one route on the spectrum!"
Trainer Tips Pokémon can gain Exp. Points by battling other Pokémon. Exp. Points help them grow stronger. And your Pokémon will still get Exp. Points even if you catch a Pokémon you are battling against!
Advanced Tips If you have Tauros smash any boulders in your way, you may be able to reach new areas! You could even try exploring Ten Carat Hill, which lies near the Pokémon Research Lab.
Trainer Tips The Pokémon that will appear first in a battle will be the one that you've put in the top-left position in your Pokémon list.
Pokémon Research Lab
Ten Carat Hill
Route 2 "A path through many grassy patches."
Verdant Cavern "Designated trial site for the island challenge."
The Berry Fields "All Pokémon are welcome here!"
Trainer Tips Trying to take another person's Pokémon makes you no different than a thief! Poké Balls are only to be used to try to catch wild Pokémon that have no Trainers!
Hau'oli Cemetery "Ahead lies our cemetery. Within lies eternity."
Route 3 "Watch out for flying Pokémon overhead!"
Melemele Meadow "A paradise where the Oricorio dance."
↓ Iki Town
Island Challenge Marker Congratulations on clearing the trial in Verdant Cavern! Now it's time to take on your island challenge while taking full advantage of your Z-Power! But remember, if you try using Z-Power and your move misses, it still counts as having used up your Z-Power. So you'll be out of luck after that!
Island Challenge Marker Explore the meadow carefully, and you may find that there's more to it than meets the eye!
Trainer Tips If you find a Pokémon Egg after you've left a regional variant at the nursery, it can hatch into another regional variant of that Pokémon!
Iki Town "The place where we give thanks to Pokémon."
The Ruins of Conflict
Hau'oli City "A city overflowing with gentle joy."
The Trainers' School "An education that'll make your Pokémon smile."
Alola Tourist Bureau "Even the locals love it!"
Hau'oli City Hall "Serving the city's every need!"
Ferry Terminal "The one place to get on and off of ships!"
← Melemele Ferry Terminal → Route 2
→ Melemele Ferry Terminal
← Melemele Ferry Terminal
Route 4 "The path that leads to Paniola Town."
Trainer Tips Even among the same species of Pokémon, individuals will have different strengths. They may not seem too different at first, but as they grow, so too will their differences!
Trainer Tips When looking at your Pokémon's Summary page, you can change the arrangement of its moves by touching a move, dragging it across the lower screen, and dropping it in a new spot.
Route 5 "A place of many winding paths and ledges."
Brooklet Hill "Designated trial site for the island challenge."
Lush Jungle "Designated trial site for the island challenge."
↑ Lush Jungle ← Brooklet Hill
Trainer Tips The item known as an Escape Rope can get you out of a cave in an instant if you only use it!

Route 6 "AKA Straight Street."
Route 6 "AKA Straight Street."
↑ Paniola Ranch → Royal Avenue
Trainer Tips Traveling together makes your Pokémon grow friendlier toward you. Some Pokémon even evolve when they grow friendly enough!
Route 7 "Ahead lies the Dividing Peak Tunnel."
Wela Volcano Park "Designated trial site for the island challenge."
The Fossil Restoration Center
Lush Jungle
Trainer Tips Pokémon moves are divided into two categories: physical moves and special moves. A Pokémon's physical moves will do greater damage if the Pokémon has a high Attack stat, while a high Sp. Atk stat makes the Pokémon's special moves stronger.
Trainer Tips Do you know what the stats describing a Pokémon's strengths mean? "Sp. Atk" is an abbreviation for "Special Attack" and shows how strong special moves will be. "Sp. Def" is an abbreviation of "Special Defense" and shows how well a Pokémon will be able to stand up to special moves.
Route 8 "See the sea and know true joy."
Island Challenge Marker If you let your Pokémon evolve, they will grow stronger, but the timing for when they learn new moves will also change quite a bit. If you hope to complete the island challenge, think well on your partner's strengths!
Route 9 "Short and sweet."
This way to Memorial Hill And beyond it, the Ruins of Life
Trainer Tips On the screen where you select a Ride Pokémon to call, press the +Control Pad icon beside a Pokémon, and you can register that Pokémon to a direction button. Once you've registered a Pokémon, you can call it in no time by pressing that button in the field!

Trainer Tips You can use a TM as many times as you like. By teaching your Pokémon moves of different types, you can ensure that your team will always be able to battle advantageously!
Heahea City "A town that always welcomes visitors."
Ferry Terminal "Take a ship—it's surely faster than swimming!"
Alola Tourist Bureau "The place to find Alola's secret treasures!"
Dimensional Research Lab "Where the dimensions are given physical form."
↑ Tide Song Hotel → Route 4
Trainer Tips How many Exp. Points you get from a battle depends on the level of the Pokémon you fight. The higher your opponent's level compared to your Pokémon's level, the more Exp. Points your Pokémon will get for defeating it! But the opposite is also true: the lower that your opponent's level is compared to your Pokémon's level, the less Exp. Points your Pokémon will get for defeating it!
→ Hano Grand Resort ↓ Diglett's Tunnel
Paniola Town "The town we developed with our Pokémon."
Royal Avenue "The holy ground for Battle Royal enthusiasts."

Trainer Tips If you want to stop a Pokémon from evolving, press the B Button while it's trying to evolve. The Pokémon will be startled and stop evolving. This trick is called an Evolution cancel!
Trainer Tips You can use the free space in your Bag to help you better organize your items.

Advanced Tips Eevee is a Pokémon bursting with possibilities. Take it to different places, battle at different times, or even try some Evolution stones on it!
Konikoni City "A town that welcomes the sea breeze."
Lighthouse Point "The point that has a lighthouse."
Fossil Restoration Center "Let's make a Fossil-filled wonderland!"
Trainer Tips If you touch a Pokémon's icon during a Pokémon battle, you can see detailed information about how it will stack up in battle.
↑ Brooklet Hill ↓ Royal Avenue
Pokémon Nursery "Find some Pokémon Eggs!"
Paniola Ranch "Welcome to Moomoo Paddock!"
Trainer Tips The maximum number of Poké Beans you can collect each day in Poké Pelago is fixed. It's a good idea to collect your fill every day!
Advanced Tips You can retake the photo for your Trainer Passport anytime that you want to. It will also be updated for you whenever you change your clothes or your hairstyle.

Geothermal Power Plant
"You're in Team Skull Territory Now!" The graffiti covers the sign so you can't read anything else beneath it.
Route 10 "A wooded path where Pokémon live."
Trainer Tips You can move the icons around on the X menu to place them wherever you'd like. Try to touch one and drag it around!
Mount Hokulani "Please use the designated bus to come and go!"
Route 11 "A calm path well suited to silence."
Trainer Tips Some Z-Moves will increase your Pokémon's stats as long as it is enveloped in Z-Power.
Route 12 "A wild, rough, and rocky road."
← Geothermal Power Plant ↓ Route 13
Island Challenge Marker Try pressing the Y Button while checking out your Pokémon's Summary page. You'll be able to see how its base stat points are distributed on the graph that appears. This bit of advice comes directly from your very own Captain Sophocles.
Trainer Tips If you use Island Scan, you can sometimes find Pokémon that you don't usually meet in Alola! Rumors say that the Pokémon you might meet this way will vary by island and by day!

Trainer Tips Have you seen numbers on the Festival Plaza icon on the X menu on your lower screen? It shows you how many people are currently connected via local wireless communication.
Haina Desert
Route 13 "One last oasis before the desert sands."
Tapu Village
Trainer Tips Wild Pokémon that appear on Poké Pelago's Isle Abeens sometimes decide to stay with you.
Route 14 "Where the beach is covered in black sand."
Abandoned Site of the Thrifty Megamart "Designated trial site for the island challenge."
Route 15 "Race over the waves with a Sharpedo!"
Aether House "Where Pokémon and people huddle together."
Ula'ula Meadow
Trainer Tips If you collect lots of different kinds of Berries, try planting them on Poké Pelago's Isle Aplenny to grow and harvest more.
Route 16 "Go quietly if you dare go down this path."
Trainer Tips You can drop off up to 18 Pokémon at a time on Poké Pelago's Isle Evelup.
Route 17 "The lowland that leads below Po Town."
Trainer Tips Pokémon that you drop off on Poké Pelago's Isle Avue will grow more friendly toward you. But don't leave them in the hot spring baths too long, or they might get overheated! Tap the sign to collect them from the bath!
Malie Library "A facility literally made to facilitate literacy."
Malie Community Center "Experience a real community culture!"

Malie Garden "A paradise for perambulation."
Ferry Terminal "The right place to come for a comfy cruise."
Malie City "Enjoy the enticing Eastern influence."
Recycling Plant "Even the building itself is recycled!"
← Route 10 ↓ Route 11
↓ Route 10 → Route 11
Vast Poni Canyon "The path to pay homage at the shrine."
↑ Vast Poni Canyon → Ruins of Hope
Poni Meadow
Trainer Tips There are times when you throw a Poké Ball to catch a Pokémon, and it shakes just once. The more Pokémon you catch, the more likely this curious phenomenon is to occur. Since it makes it more likely you'll be able to catch your target, it's called a critical capture.
Trainer Tips Rumor has it there are some special Z-Moves that only certain Pokémon can use.
Poni Wilds
Trainer Tips You can even drop off Pokémon Eggs in the hot springs baths on Poké Pelago's Isle Avue.
Advanced Tips There are shops in Festival Plaza where you can get Bottle Caps and Gold Bottle Caps. Gather as many as you can, and get down to some Hyper Training!
Riding on Stoutland is always a good idea. You can find items that you can't see!
Pikachu Valley "Electric paradise."
Everybody, ride the wave! —The Surf Association, Heahea Branch
Everybody, ride the wave! —The Surf Association
