Here they come!
You're from Team Skull. What is it that you want from us?
I heard about you numskulls at Aether. Do you really know how to open an Ultra Wormhole and save our boy Guzma?!
Lemme see if you really are bad to the bone enough to save our boy Guzma!
OK, no bones about it—you're way stronger than me!
Doesn't matter! We'll come after you with all our Pokémon at once then, li'l home slice! We'll give 500 percent to save our boy Guzma!
I may have lost, but listen up, yo! Please save Guzma for us!
You dummies. They're trying to save the boss, so what do you wanna get in their way for?!
Hmmph. You, girlie... Lillie, right?
You really ready to do this finally?
To be honest, I've treated you really badly. Even if I was just doing the work the president told me to do, I shouldn't have done all that. Even if I apologize now, I know it's probably too late for you to forgive me, though.
See, Guzma... he really likes the president. She's the only adult who ever seemed to see how strong he was.
The president... My mother is— She's selfish. She decides all by herself what she thinks needs to be done to make other people happy, not even caring what it is they may want...
But people ought to help one another out! That is what I have learned here in Alola! And that is what I'm going to teach her, too. Then I think we can save Mr. Guzma.
You know...deep down, you're kind of like the president. You've gone in a different direction, but I can tell you have the same strength in your convictions.
<var>... Lillie... I know you've got no reason to help, but... But could you help us save Guzma?
That big dummy... I don't think he's even aware of it, but... Alola really means a lot to him. That's why he's doing something so reckless to try to save it.
The Poison-type Z-Crystal... Maybe it'll help you somehow.
I guess giving you this Z-Crystal is also kind of, what did you call it, helping each other? Oh yeah... You got your first stone directly from Tapu Koko, didn't you, <var>? You'd better take care of it. That's one special Z-Power Ring you've got there.
A Trainer is only a Trainer because of the Pokémon with them. If you ever forget that, you'll bring the wrath of the tapu down upon yourself. You should be fine, though.
I'm out of here.
I suppose even Team Skull is not all bad... Thanks for helping me again, <var>. And here, let me thank your team, too!
All right, <var>! Let's finally go to the altar! The Vast Poni Canyon lies ahead of us!
