Welcome, resident of Alola. I am Soliera. I am a member of the Ultra Recon Squad.
Necrozma returned from Alola. You will find it up ahead. It seems to be resting atop the tower. Our people have all fled indoors to safety. They fear it will fly into another rage, as it did when that woman Lusamine appeared.
So this is what the humans of Alola look like? I would quite like to investigate you further. Hmm, yes. I am Phyco! I am the captain of the Ultra Recon Squad. Now that it has found a source of light, Necrozma will regain its true power. But it cannot control its own light in the broken form it was left in after it lost a part of itself. This power will only bring Necrozma more pain.
We used the power of our technology to try to quiet Necrozma... Just as we used our technology to try to provide this dark world of ours with some light.
Necrozma...and us ourselves... we have both suffered so many long years in this darkness, living a life we did not wish for...

Please. Help us stop Necrozma. You will find it ahead of this place... atop the Megalo Tower.
If you wish to return to the world of Alola, you may ride upon our Lunala.
I'll do that
No need
Then go...
Whoa! An Alolan person appeared riding on Solgaleo's back! Dulse, what should we do?! D'you think we should investigate himer?!
Remain calm, Zossie. Human from the world of Alola. Necrozma has claimed Lunala's power and is now atop the Megalo Tower. The people here have all fled indoors to safety. They fear Necrozma will fly into another rage, as it did when that woman Lusamine appeared.
Necrozma will reclaim its true power, now that it has stolen the light from another. But it cannot control that light, and so Necrozma only suffers more.
We used the power of our technology to try to quiet Necrozma, while also using it to provide some small amount of light to ourselves.
Both Necrozma and our own people have lived long years with a darkness that never should have been, living a life we did not wish for...
Human of Alola! Will you not stop Necrozma and bring the light back to our world...and Alola? Necrozma lies ahead. You will find it at the top of the Megalo Tower!

If you wanna go back to the world of Alola, you can take our Solgaleo.
I'll do that
No need
Help himer out, Solgaleo!
