It will likely take some time, but eventually we may also be awash in light again. Like you all. My thanks to the people of Alola. My thanks to the light of the Z-Crystals.
Necrozma took on that brilliant form once again and became Ultra Necrozma, thanks to you all. But now... Necrozma has lost its light once more and appears to have fled to Alola. And your Solgaleo, weakened as it was, has also returned to your world. I am most grateful for all you have done, human from the world of Alola.
Now what is Poipole creating a fuss for?
Captain Phyco... I believe that Poipole is showing an interest in this person from Alola. It seems to want to stay together with himer.
How fascinating. Does it perhaps seek to become stronger? Or is there some other reason for its interest?
According to what we have learned through our investigations, I believe that in your world, giving a Pokémon to another can be a way of demonstrating your feelings for them... And besides, Poipole seems to want to go. Take it with you, if you have no objection.
I'd be happy to
Maybe next time
I see... Please take Poipole with you at another time.
If you would like to return to your world of Alola, please ride upon our Lunala.
I'll take you up on that offer
Hold on, I'm not ready yet...
Good!
I do not know how long it will take, but someday in the distant future, perhaps we will also be able to bathe in such light again in our world... I am thankful to you, human of Alola. To you and the light of your Z-Crystals.
The Necrozma that you managed to quiet... Yes, you might call it Ultra Necrozma. It shone with such blinding light, as it used to, only to lose that light all over again... It seems to have fled to Alola now. And your Lunala also returned home as soon as it was freed. I am grateful that you heard our request and fulfilled our dearest wishes.
Oh? What's Poipole acting up for now?
Hey, Dulse... Do you think maybe Poipole is curious about this Alolan person, too?
Then let me gift this Poipole to you. It is a sign of my gratitude to you. And also... to grant the wish Poipole itself seems to hold. Will you take Poipole with you?
I'd be happy to
Maybe next time
You can always return to get Poipole another time. Come back for it.
If you wanna go back to your world of Alola, Solgaleo can get you there.
I'll take you up on that offer
Hold on, I'm not ready yet...
Help himer out, Solgaleo!
Poi!
If you wish to return to the world of Alola, you may ride upon our Lunala. Though... I suppose you could also ride upon our Solgaleo. Which would you like to take? Lunala or Solgaleo?
Lunala
Solgaleo
Come speak with me if you wish to change which Pokémon you will ride.
I'll let you ride on our Solgaleo if you wanna go back to the world of Alola! Or would you rather ride on our Lunala instead?
Solgaleo
Lunala
Got it! And come talk to me if you change your mind about which Pokémon you want to ride!
