Look at it... The world of my Ultra Beasts... A world where the only thing that exists is the love between Nihilego and myself. So beautiful... So delicious... This is the real paradise!
And yet you! Why must you continue to pester me?! I am sick of you. Sick through and through! Who told you that you could come here, to the perfect, beautiful world of my beasts and me?
Think about what you are saying! What about Mr. Guzma? Don't you care what happens to him?
Just leave. I don't need you here... I don't need you any longer!
Look around you! Look at this beautiful world that I've finally come to! You want me to go back to that world? That's what you've come to bother me for? Even you cannot be that stupid!
You always do that... It's just like it was back at Aether Paradise... Only thinking of yourself and what you want...
What...? And why shouldn't I!
I can live here in a world filled with only the things that I love! And I will live here!
I don't care if you are my child or not!
I don't care if you were loyal to me or not!
I don't care if you're the rarest Pokémon there is in the world or not!
If you're not beautiful enough to be worthy of my love, then I don't NEED you!
That's right! All I need to exist in my world are the things that I want to have with me! Everything else is just a bother to me!
I am the one who is sick of you, Mother!
Children... Children are not just THINGS that belong to their parents! Pokémon are not just THINGS that a Trainer can do whatever they want to!
I am alive!
Cosmog is alive!
We are not things for you to collect!
We're not made for you to just discard when you get bored with us!
That is terrible, Mother! You are terrible!
Terrible? Me? How am I different from any Pokémon Trainer, like your little "friend" there? What do you do with a Pokémon you can't use? You remove it from your party, as you please.
Enough with this useless talk, Lillie! I will never forgive you for stealing Cosmog from me. Never!
Back when you were small, you would listen to everything I said, without question. For a time, even you were adorable to me!
But you changed. You've become ugly. Ever since you met this boygirl <var>... and learned to defy your own mother! <var>! You hateful little Trainer! How dare you intrude upon this world that was meant for Nihilego and me? It is not to be borne! And with Nihilego's power, I will show you how wrong you were to come here!
