There you are. The Ultra Beasts known as Blacephalon are wandering here in Poni Grove.
They must be very uneasy being here in a new world. I should know—that's how I was, too.
...I seem to recall your being beside yourself with excitement, Zossie.
Moving right along, here are some Beast Balls for you! They're the same ones you can buy at Aether Paradise, but they gave them to us since this is an emergency. Isn't that nice?
For you, too, Hau!
Thank you very much for coming. The Ultra Beasts, now called Stakataka, are lost and wandering in Poni Grove.
It is my guess that they are distraught... They most likely will attack anything they see.
Here are some Beast Balls. Normally you would have to buy these at Aether Paradise, but they were kind enough to give some to us.
For you, too, Hau. Please take these.
Hey, thanks! So, if you're giving us these balls, does that mean you want us to catch them?
We want to gather data that will help us protect the Ultra Beasts. If you would accept the Blacephalon as your partners, it would be of great assistance to us. Oh, and for the record, it seems there are at least three Blacephalon.
They're probably nervous, and that makes them rowdy! A battle will help them calm down!
We leave that to you two. All we wish for is that the Stakataka be able to live peacefully.
We have learned from what happened with Necrozma. We must not try to control these creatures but focus on protecting them. It would put both ourselves and the Stakataka at ease if you would capture them.
Sounds good to me! C'mon, <var>! Let's go help the Blacephalon!
Sounds good to me! C'mon, <var>! Let's go help the Stakataka!
Blacephalon! Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Stakataka! Come out, come out, wherever you are!
With our skill level...we won't be much help in resolving anything that might involve a Pokémon battle.
Come out, Blacephalon! You want to go home, too, right?
Our skills at Pokémon battles are woefully weak. We are not nearly able to take on Ultra Beasts.
The Ultra Beast Stakataka is actually composed of almost 150 smaller life-forms, which all create one shape. Be wary, Champion.
<var>! Over here!
That Blacephalon was too strong! I was nowhere even close to catching it!
That Stakataka was too strong! I was nowhere even close to catching it!
But it will now likely keep itself hidden for a while, and it won't attack other Pokémon. We can use this time to gather data and to work with the Aether Foundation to capture it.
Hau! <var>! You were both amazing!
Let's see... It seems like there are still a few Blacephalon wandering around.
No matter! It will likely keep a low profile now and won't attack other Pokémon for some time. We can use this time to analyze the data we gathered and, with the help of the Aether Foundation, hopefully capture it.
Yes... It seems there are still some Stakataka wandering about.
Gotcha! I'll be sure to capture one this time and hand it over to the Ultra Recon Squad!
Blacephalon, whe-e-ere are you?
Stakataka, whe-e-ere are you?
I would like to avoid these Ultra Beasts' becoming a menace to Alola...
Anyone would want to go home if they suddenly found themselves in a strange world...
I wonder... Would the Stakataka calm down if there were more of their kind around?
We must avoid these Ultra Beasts' becoming a threat to the Alola region...
<var>!
Hau gave us the Blacephalon he caught!
This will help us gather data we can use to protect the Ultra Beasts.
Perhaps a day will come where the Ultra Beasts will live here in Alola as normal Pokémon.
More things for us to research!
We are grateful for your help. I'm sure we will meet again...
We received the Stakataka Hau was able to capture.
Together with the Aether Foundation, we should be able to gather useful data in order to protect the Ultra Beasts.
I expected no less from the two who competed for the championship. You've helped us resolve an extremely delicate situation. We thank you.
We take our leave now. Until we meet again...
Those were some epic battles! <var> had a good time, too! C'mon, <var>. Let's head home!
