
All right, you lot! Just as we planned, let's gang up on the intruder and let them have it! Yaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
Wha—? Why?! C'mon, guys, we said we'd attack together, didn't we?
Sorry, sir—we just...couldn't get the timing right!
Well...I guess our only option is to reveal our contingency plan!
At the same time...now... ...Retreeeeeeat!
We're not letting you through, no matter what!
Nuh-uh! No passage!
We are not mere Grunts... We are an invincible wall that stops any intruder!
Hey, don't touch me! You can't just force your way through!
Stop right there! You're not allowed beyond this point!
We'll show you Team RR's real power!
Just give up and go home, already!
I'll happily be a wall if the boss wants me to!
My arms...are getting a bit tired...
None shall pass!
I hope this is worth the trouble!
If we let you through, we get our pay docked!
Please, just go home!
The realization of Team RR's grand plan is resting on our shoulders!
So you got through the Grunt walls, did you?
Nothing unexpected! Let's do this, just as we planned!
Brace yourself! Hyaaaaa...
Huh? I thought this was supposed to be a pincer attack! Why am I all alone?!
Blast, our plan has failed! No matter, I'll stop you by myself!
Seriously though, where did the others go? I hope they're not lost somewhere...
Oh, hey... Well, this is awkward... Uh, do you think you could still battle me?
We were all ready to ambush you, and I had to step on a warp panel. It's a shame an Escape Rope doesn't let you escape embarrassment...
Well, that was embarrassing... I still am going to battle you, though.
Nothing goes well for me working as a Grunt. ...Maybe I should just go home and live with my parents.
I'll stop you right here! No need for my supervisor here to worry himself!
If you're good enough to defeat my supervisor, it's not surprising I couldn't beat you.
Let me show my underling how it's done!
The boss in this room here, he's almost like everyone's older brother. He has a way of just... pulling everyone around him together, y'know?
