So I take it you're ready to take my trial, right? You did come to my house like I said, after all.
That's why I'm here!
That's not why I'm here!
What, really?
Heh heh heh... Then let the trial of Mina begin!
I guess I've got to tell you what you need to do. You have to battle me!
Phew! Looks like you have had some kind of island challenge! Since you managed to beat me, though, I'll give you this Pink Petal as proof.
That's a good start. But you've only just begun my real trial. Now you have to go around to all the captains in Alola and get a petal from each one of them!
I'm here to help you out, though. Come on, tell Miss Mina which captain you want to find, hm?
Ilima
Lana
Kiawe
Mallow
Sophocles
Acerola
I'm good
Ilima, huh? He's usually up on Route 2, right? That's where Verdant Cavern is, after all. If you have trouble tracking him down, try to find a Trial Guide to ask. That might help.
Lana's usually out in Brooklet Hill, yeah? Though she visits Lush Jungle a lot, too.
If Mallow ever has free time, she'll be in Lush Jungle looking for ingredients for her cooking. For sure.
Kiawe? Hmm. Probably off dancing somewhere? With those Marowak of his.
If you want Sophocles, you've gotta check the Hokulani Observatory, right?
Acerola can be found at Aether House! I know that one for sure!
Why, I almost didn't recognize you! You practically look like a different person than the kid who took on Ilima's trial back then!
If you're looking for Ilima, he's off in Hau'oli Cemetery right now.
Hey, trial-goer! Are you looking for Lana? I'm afraid she's not here right now.
The captain went off to Lush Jungle again!
Alola! Let me guess—you're here for Mina's trial? If you need to find Kiawe, he should be with his Marowak up in Wela Volcano Park.
If you're looking for Captain Mallow, she's out now collecting ingredients for her cooking. You remember the best place for that, right? Exactly! It's Lush Jungle!
Oh? Are you attempting Mina's trial, perhaps? If you are, you should go on up to Aether House!
Hey! Did you need something from me? If it's Ilima you're looking for, he's off in Hau'oli Cemetery right now.
