Mount Hokulani is only a stone's throw away when Charizard is one of your Ride Pokémon!
Give my regards to Sophocles, <var>.
Well, Soffy, I guess this will be good-bye for a little while...
B-Big Mo... I...I just...
Tog...
Now, Soffy... When you're saying good-bye to someone who is important to you, you gotta show them one last smile! That's what that old friend of mine always said, anyway, back when we did our island challenge.
Hey, <var>! Thanks again for doing that favor for me before.
It sure seems like you've gotten to see some interesting things on your island challenge. It's been quite the experience for you!
I know! Why don't you two have a little battle now, while I can still watch?
Mm-hmm. I've gotta show Big Mo how strong I can be... And I did say that we should battle next time, right, <var>?
I'm ready for you!
I'm not ready...
OK, well, I'll be waiting...
The island challenge... It sure is nice. You can reach so many new places thanks to the Pokémon partner you've got beside you.
Tog!
I believe in my Pokémon's strength... I trained them together with Big Mo, after all!
That was amazing, <var>! You know about as much about Pokémon battling as Big Mo...
You both did very well! I'm looking forward to seeing how far you both will make it in the future. Soffy... The observatory is all yours now.
It's time for the next generation to start taking their place among the stars, I guess. So, Soffy... Hokulani Observatory is all yours now.
B-B-Big Mo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!!!
Kew...
Big Mo...
<var>... You came for Mina's trial, right? Here's your Yellow Petal.
I can do this. No, I will do it. I'm a tough kid! I'm a tough kid!
Is he really gone?
You gonna be OK?
Yeah... He'll come back. It's not forever. He said that he had something he had to do for Professor Kukui, that's all.
You've gotta finish Mina's trial, right? Do you want me to take you to the next stop?
Yes please
No thanks
OK... Let's go to Aether House, then...
OK... Tell me if you ever wanna go to Aether House...
