Welcome to the Alola Photo Club!
Welcome to the Alola Photo Club! I can't wait to see what kinds of great photos a real Champ can come up with!
Wait... Is that...? Your <var>! You brought it from the Kanto region, right? Someone like you can take pictures against the stunning backdrop of the Indigo Plateau! It's the final hurdle for Pokémon Trainers to test themselves with in the Kanto region.
Wait... Is that...? Your <var>! You brought it from the Johto region, right? Someone like you can take pictures against the inspiring backdrop of that region's Bell Tower! It is the very Bell Tower where it is said that the Legendary Pokémon of Johto appears.
Wait... Is that...? Your <var>! You brought it from the Hoenn region, right? Someone like you can take pictures against the otherworldly backdrop of the Seafloor Cavern! There are so many Pokémon in the mysterious seas of the Hoenn region.
Wait... Is that...? Your <var>! You brought it from the Sinnoh region, right? Someone like you can take pictures against the spectacular backdrop of Sinnoh's Spear Pillar! It is at the Spear Pillar that people say the Legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh may appear.
Wait... Is that...? Your <var>! You brought it from the Unova region, right? Someone like you can take pictures against the backdrop of Unova's famous Skyarrow Bridge! From atop this bridge, you can gaze out upon the beautiful vistas of the Unova region.
Wait... Is that...? Your <var>! You brought it from the Kalos region, right? Someone like you can take pictures against the refined backdrop of Kalos's Lumiose City! You can see its famous tower and enjoy the elegance of its shop fronts and streets.

Would you like to take some photos?
Then come right this way!
Then please come back whenever you'd like. We'll always be ready to help you!
We look forward to your coming again!
How was it? Could you get a great shot? Please do come again soon!
You've taken at least 10 photos with us! Thank you for your interest in our services! We would like to present you with these sunglasses stickers. Be sure to give them a try!
You've taken at least 20 photos with us! Thank you for your interest in our services! We would like to present you with our Pokémon- patterned ribbon stickers. Give them a try!
You've taken at least 30 photos with us! Thank you for your interest in our services! We would like to present you with these thick glasses stickers. Be sure to give them a try!
You've taken at least 50 photos with us! Thank you for your interest in our services! We would like to present you with this special Nugget sticker. Be sure to give it a try!
You can now use the sunglasses stickers!
You can now use the Pokémon-patterned ribbon stickers!
You can now use the thick glasses stickers!
You can now use the Nugget sticker!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You've cleared Captain Lana's trial, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You've cleared Captain Kiawe's trial, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You've cleared Captain Mallow's trial, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You've cleared Captain Sophocles's trial, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You've cleared Captain Acerola's trial, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You cleared that trial in the canyon, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, that glittering Z-Crystal you have there... You've cleared Captain Mina's trial, right? Congratulations! Take this sticker to celebrate your success!
Oh? Why, young sirmiss, those glittering Z-Crystals you have there... You've been out there clearing your trials, right? Congratulations! Take these stickers to celebrate your success!
I was also told by a certain well-known figure that I should give these to you, so please... do take these special stickers as well!
You are the first-ever Champion of Alola! That is surely worthy of celebration! Congratulations, young sirmiss! Please take this special sticker! I'd say it's worthy of a real Champion!
I received this sticker from a curious person... He was dressed all in black and yet called himself "Rainbow" something or other... Anyway, he wanted to share more wonderful stickers with the world, so please be sure to use this one, too!
You can now use a special Water-type sticker!
You can now use a special Fire-type sticker!
You can now use a special Grass-type sticker!
You can now use a special Electric-type sticker!
You can now use a special Ghost-type sticker!
You can now use a special Dragon-type sticker!
You can now use a special Fairy-type sticker!
You can now use the Hiker stickers!
You can now use the crown stickers!
You can now use the various sinister organization stickers!
Please do take photos and decorate them to your heart's content!
When you bring along a Pokémon that came from a different region, you will be able to use a special background during your photo shoot. I hope you'll give it a try sometime! If you're ever unsure which region one of your Pokémon came from, you can ask that woman standing over there. She'll tell you!
Oh? You're originally from the Kanto region, right? I've traveled around tons of different regions, so I can easily tell something like that! And not just for people, either. I can tell which region your Pokémon came from, too.
Do you want me to take a look and tell you if any of your Pokémon are from other regions?
Hmm... Let me see...
It looks like your <var> is from the Kanto region! When you take photos with <var>, you'll be able to use the Indigo Plateau background as a special little treat!
It looks like your <var> is from the Johto region! When you take photos with <var>, you'll be able to use the Bell Tower background as a special little treat!
It looks like your <var> is from the Hoenn region! When you take photos with <var>, you'll be able to use a Seafloor Cavern background as a special little treat!
It looks like your <var> is from the Sinnoh region! When you take photos with <var>, you'll be able to use the Spear Pillar background as a special little treat!
It looks like your <var> is from the Unova region! When you take photos with <var>, you'll be able to use a Skyarrow Bridge background as a special little treat!
It looks like your <var> is from the Kalos region! When you take photos with <var>, you'll be able to use a Lumiose City background as a special little treat!
Nope! It doesn't look like you have any Pokémon with you that are from different regions!
Come ask me anytime you'd like to check whether you have Pokémon from other regions!
The screen says "Alola Photo Techniques That Every Trainer Must Know!" Want to take a look?
Which topic would you like to read about?
Introduction
1. Picking your poses
2. Placing your Pokémon
3. Changing directions
4. Operating the camera
5. Taking the best shot
I'm done here
"I want to take amazing photos and show them off to the rest of the world!" If you agree, read on to master five techniques you'll need to start taking pro photos in no time!
First and foremost, imagine what kind of photo it is you want to capture! Think about all the different poses you could make, and try to decide what you want to do. This is a good time to imagine which Pokémon you'd like to appear with you in the photo.
While you've got an image in mind, next decide where you should place your Pokémon. As you move your Pokémon about, consider how it'll look in relation to your pose and position.
Once you've settled on your Pokémon's position, turn it to decide which direction it should face.
Operate the camera like a pro to capture a shot exactly as it looked in your imagination! It will be crucial to first move the camera to face the direction you were imagining. Once you've got it in the right place, use the zoom functions so your subjects look spot-on!
If you've made it this far, you're in the home stretch! Once your Pokémon makes an action... That's it! Slam that shutter to catch that perfect pose for your perfect picture! Once you get the hang of all that, also keep in mind how background images move, too. If you can do all that, you'll be a real pro! There are lots of backgrounds, too, so have a look!
That was a great photo shoot! Would you like to move right ahead to adding some stickers now?
Then let's open up your album...
