Good morning! Welcome to the Pokémon Center. Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Hello, and welcome to the Pokémon Center. Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Welcome to the Pokémon Center! Still hard at work today, are you? Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Morning, Champ! Welcome to the Pokémon Center. Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Hello, Champ! Welcome to the Pokémon Center. Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Welcome to the Pokémon Center! Still hard at work today, huh, Champ? Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
I'll take your Pokémon for a few seconds, then.
Thanks for waiting! Your <var> should be all better now!
Thanks for waiting! <var> and the rest of your team should be all better now!
We hope to see you again!
Happy birthday! I hope you'll keep visiting the Pokémon Center for many years to come! Now, would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Oh... It looks like your Pokémon may be infected with the Pokérus. Little is known about the Pokérus, except that it is a microscopic life-form that attaches itself to Pokémon. While infected, Pokémon are said to grow exceptionally well.
Happy birthday, <var>!
I do hope this will be a wonderful year for you, <var>. Each and every day!
Oh, <var>! Today is a special day! I know it's a day early, but happy birthday!
First, let's restore your Pokémon to full health.
Please visit a Pokémon Center whenever your Pokémon's HP is getting low. And if you're planning to go far off the beaten path, you should probably remember to stock up on Potions from the Poké Mart, too. Good luck out there, Trainer!
There! All happy and healthy! Good luck and take care!
Welcome home, <var>! Looks like that could've gone better, hmm? Well, get some rest before you head out again. ...
That's more like it! Now you and your Pokémon are both bursting with energy! But, you know...when your Pokémon run out of energy and their HP starts getting too low... Well, it's just common sense for a Trainer to go back home and let them recover. OK? Now get out there and have some fun!
