You little brat!
I don't know what you think you're doing here, but I actually needed to talk to you. Get your rear over to the Hau'oli City Beachfront!
So you showed up...
Well, <var>, it's time to battle your boy!
Here I come!
Wait a minute...
What did you think I asked you to come here for?!
This is to make up for when I had to disband Team Skull! Just so you know, I'll never change! Wanna see what destruction looks like? Here it is in human form—it's your boy Guzma!
Guzma! What is wrong with you?! This outcome hasn't changed at all either!
Well played, <var>!
You came all the way here just to watch me lose, huh? Must be nice to be a lazy old island kahuna with nothing better to do...
What a high opinion of yourself you have. Ha! I just happened to see <var> here, so I thought I would come over.
You wanna get beat down, old man?
Oh, Guzma...when will you understand? Only when you respect your opponent's skill will it bring out the best in you. You miss the true meaning of battling. The goal is not to beat your opponent down, but for both Trainers to grow stronger!
I don't care what you say to me, yo. Beating people down is all I know!
But the battle I just saw seemed a bit different. While you may say you're only interested in crushing your opponent, I sensed a desire to defeat <var> deep in your heart.
What do you know, old man?!
If you continue on this path, you'll never be able to defeat <var>! Guzma, admit the worthiness of your opponents! Only then can you become even stronger than you already are! Allow yourself to know the people and Pokémon you encounter, and look deeply into your heart.
You're still trying to front like you're my master, huh? I gave up on you a long time ago.
<var>, allow me to handle this foolish young man. I will make a fine Trainer out of him yet, or I'm not an island kahuna! I hope that can be considered penance for the wrongs he and Team Skull have committed.
Tch!
Oh ho ho! The two of us will go many places together! And we will meet more people and Pokémon who will enrich our lives.
Master...
I ain't never gonna ask you to forgive me, so don't get it twisted—this is no apology! But shut up and take this! I got it for my first-ever victory so I'd never lose my grip, and it's always been like my lucky charm!
Who knows what the Alolan winds will bring? Next time we meet, I'm counting on you to test how strong I've gotten.
