Would you look at that <var>!
I think it can still put out a bit more effort!
It's clearly put out a great deal of effort! Why don't you pin this ribbon on it so that it feels rewarded for all that hard effort?
You received an Effort Ribbon!
You put the Effort Ribbon on <var>!
Now, now, look at that! I'd say that Effort Ribbon goes perfectly with <var>!
Would you like to show me how much your Pokémon have grown since joining your team?
Oh? Well, that is too bad...
Which Pokémon will you show me, then?
Ho! This is a hard one...
Hm? It's rather hard to judge how well you've raised an Egg, you know.
Oh! It looks like this <var> was only... Lv. <var> when you first met! And now it's Lv. <var>!
That is some amazing growth. I can feel your deep love for your Pokémon.
That's some decent growth, all right. You've been real decent to it.
That's no different at all! I hope you'll continue your journey so that you both can grow a whole lot together.
How do you grow together? By walking the same path with someone else. Let me give you this as a reward for showing me how far you two have come along together.
You received a Footprint Ribbon!
You put the Footprint Ribbon on <var>!
Your love leaves its marks as surely as your passing leaves your footprints upon the sand... I'm grateful that you were willing to show me the wonderful bond between you and your team.
The path that you've walked together with <var> is perfectly easy for me to see, thanks to that glittering Footprint Ribbon there!
Oh! Your <var>!
I guess maybe you'll show it some affection soon, huh?
It's starting to look like it likes you!
You've been showing it some affection, huh? You two are looking good!
You two look like great friends! You must play with it a whole lot, huh?
You've got to be some of the most affectionate friends I've ever seen! I think I'm jealous!
<var> got a Best Friends Ribbon!
I hope you'll stay friends forever and ever! And ever and ever!
You're the best friends ever, aren't you! No wonder your Pokémon is wearing that Best Friends Ribbon!
Ribbons... They're like a way to wrap your Pokémon up in precious memories for perpetuity. I've heard that there are a lot of different kinds of ribbons in other regions, outside of Alola.




















