Hello! You're a local, aren't you? I've got a favor I want to ask someone like you! Please, you've gotta help me!
All right
Not now
What?! Oh, come on! Don't be so cold! Where's your Alola spirit?!
Oh, thanks, kid! That's the Alola spirit! You're all so nice here! I'm actually here on my honeymoon, and my beautiful bride has completely fallen for this Pokémon you have here called Sableye! I've heard that Sableye get along with Carbink, which live in Ten Carat Hill.
Could you catch a Sableye for me in Ten Carat Hill? If you do, I can check out its information in your 'Dex, and then I can go catch one myself! I'll even pay you for your hassle. Think of it as a bit of part-time work, OK?
It's a Pokémon called Sableye. I've heard that Sableye get along with Carbink, which live in Ten Carat Hill.
Oh! You've caught a Sableye! Let me see your 'Dex for a second!
Mm-hmm... I see... Its eyes turned into jewels as it ate jewels. What?! Does it mean Sableye eat Carbink? Hahaha. It can't be.
All right. Thanks for this, pal! Now I'll go and try to catch one for myself. Here. It's not much, but here's your pay. You've earned it!
All right... Now it's time that I set out to find a Sableye of my own for my beautiful bride!
Hey, you're a Trainer, aren't you? Do me a favor.
Sure
Not now
Hey! You're too much in a hurry!
Well, I'm pretty relaxed and laid-back. A bit too relaxed, actually... I may be wasting my life... So I want to learn a more speedy way of life from a Pokémon.
I've heard that there is a Pokémon called Abra in the tall grass in Hau'oli City. Will you catch one for me and register it in your Pokédex? I've heard that it's so speedy that it runs away instantly, though. If you keep your word and find one for me, then I'll even pay you for the trouble, OK?
What I want is a Pokémon called Abra from the tall grass in Hau'oli City! One way to catch a Pokémon that is quick to flee may be throwing a Poké Ball right away.
You've caught that Abra? Well then, show me your Pokédex!
It sleeps 18 hours a day?! And it'll teleport itself while sleeping?! Oh, no. This won't work. Life is short. Sleeping most of the time is such a waste.
But...it would be nice to be able to move fast while relaxing and sleeping. So here is your pay for the work you did.
I'll enjoy my life to the fullest while relaxing!
Hey, have you got a moment? You live here in Alola, right? I've got a favor I'd like to ask. Do you mind?
No problem
Not now
Oh... Sorry, then.
Wow, thank you! I'm so glad that you would listen to a request from a total stranger like me. I'm actually here in Alola with my darling hubby. It's our honeymoon! When we were looking for Berries, we saw this Pokémon called Crabrawler. My darling hubby fell in love at first sight with Crabrawler...
Anyway, I wanted to ask if you could catch one of those Crabrawler for me. If I know what kind of Pokémon it is, then I can probably go and catch one myself. You may be able to find Crabrawler in a pile of fallen Berries. If you catch one and come back to show me its Pokédex entry, I can pay you for your trouble!
I heard that Crabrawler love Berries and gather under trees.
What? You've caught Crabrawler? Then would you mind showing me your 'Dex?
They fight over their favorite Berries and punch each other... I see...
Actually, I want to get one of these Crabrawler for myself now! Let me at least pay you like I promised first. This is a little token of my appreciation.
Thank you, young Trainer! I'll go look for some Crabrawler at once!
You there! I have a favor to ask you...
Sure
Not now
Oh, well. OK!
Seriously? Woo-hoo! Thanks! Actually, I'm a fashion designer, and there is a Pokémon that I want to get inspiration from for my new collection.
The contrast between the black and pink... It's so seriously cool... That's why I want you to catch a Salazzle and register it in your Pokédex! Of course, I'll give you tons of money! I'm counting on you!
Come to think of it, I've never seen male Salazzle... You can find both male and female Salandit in Wela Volcano Park, though.
You've caught a Salazzle?! Let me see it! Hand over that Pokédex!
Hah... It punishes Salandit that fail to gather food by slapping them! I like it. Its strength and harshness... Salazzle is the inspiration my design needed!
Thanks! This is for you as I promised.
Thanks to you, more and more ideas are pouring out of me! My new collection will be awesome!
Um...excuse me, but...could I ask you something?
Sure
Not now
Oh, I see... Sorry to bother you then...
Thank you for giving me some of your time. I'm currently researching a Pokémon called Corsola, but I'm terrible at fishing, and so I'm not making any progress at all...
Do you think I could offer you a bit of part-time work as a research assistant? Could you try to catch a Corsola for me? If you manage to catch one, please come and show me your Pokédex data. I have enough in the budget to pay you, so please!
I need to see a Corsola. Please...help me out...
You've caught the Corsola? Then will you show me your Pokédex?
So there it is... Corsola's coral branches are short because Mareanie attack Corsola... I'm relieved that it doesn't cause any pain to Corsola, but, wow...nature is harsh!
Thank you. You've been a great help! Here. For your assistance.
You've been a great help with my research. Now I should be able to make some progress!
Why, hello, Trainer. Looks like you've got a Pokédex on you. How would you like to do a little part-time work on behalf of the Aether Foundation?
Sure
Not now
Well, that is a shame. Come back if you ever have the time.
We at the Aether Foundation work to protect Pokémon through conservation. Right now, we are surveying the Goomy that live in Lush Jungle. The foundation is collecting its own data, of course, but we would also like to know what data the Pokédex records about them.
So your job, if you should choose to accept it, would be to register Goomy in your Pokédex and then show us the data. We will pay you for the work, of course. I hope you'll help us out.
Please show us the data that your Pokédex records about the Goomy living in Lush Jungle. They seem to appear during SOS battles...and won't appear unless it's raining...
You've caught a Goomy? Then would you show me your Pokédex?
I see... Because most of the body is water, it appears only during the rain so that it won't dry out. The biology of this Goomy is one that we hadn't yet uncovered in our own research... This is just the level of detail that I knew we could expect from the Pokédex!
Thank you very much! Here is your pay.
Thank you for helping us with our research. I think we'll have an even better understanding of Goomy thanks to this.
Whooooa! You have a Rotom Dex! I have a perfect job for you! Please help me!
Sure
Not now
Wha-a-at?! Oh, well...too bad...
I'm an employee of the Aether Foundation. We're doing a survey right now of a Pokémon called Natu, but I've had no luck finding any of them, and I'm in a real tough spot now...
If you happen to catch a Natu, would you show me the data from your Pokédex? If you help me out, I can pay you for your work!
Natu live in the Akala Outskirts. According to reports, they are often seen in the morning.
You caught a Natu? Then I'll have a look at your 'Dex.
So, that's it... They can't fly, but they can jump really high... There must be a reason why they appear only in the morning, too. I guess there are things that we can't learn from the Aether Foundation's data alone...
I appreciate your cooperation. Here, this is for you!
Thanks to you, we'll know more about the biology of Natu. I truly appreciate your cooperation with the Aether Foundation!
Whooooa! You have a Rotom Dex! I have a perfect job for you! Please help me!
Sure
Not now
Wha-a-at?! Oh, well...too bad...
I'm an employee of the Aether Foundation. We're doing a survey right now of a Pokémon called Hoothoot, but I've had no luck finding any of them, and I'm in a real tough spot now...
If you happen to catch a Hoothoot, would you show me the data from your Pokédex? If you help me out, I can pay you for your work!
Hoothoot live in Lush Jungle. According to reports, they are seen often during the night.
You caught a Hoothoot? Then I'll have a look at your 'Dex.
So, that's it... People in ancient times used Hoothoot as a clock. There must be a reason why they appear only during the night, too. I guess there are things that we can't learn from the Aether Foundation's data...
Thanks for your research! Here, this is for you!
Thanks to you, we'll know more about the biology of Hoothoot. I truly appreciate your cooperation with the Aether Foundation!
Um, could I borrow a moment of your time? Just a moment, mind you.
Sure
Not now
O-oh... Of course. You're busy. How silly of me to try talking to you...
Th-thank you very much. You see...I've fallen in love at first sight! With a Pokémon called Minior! I love it to bits... I love it so much that I can't bear to even catch one for myself! So I wanted to ask a favor... Could you catch a Minior for me and then show me its Pokédex entry so I can see it?
I think you'll find some adorable Minior around the observatory. They look like meteorites, so I'm sure you'll know as soon as you see one.
Of course, I'll pay you for your trouble. Please find an adorable Minior!
What?! You actually caught a Minior?! The Pokédex! Give it here! At once!
Oooh... My little Minior... How adorable you are... The beautiful core wrapped in that hard shell... It's so very dreamy...
Oh! This is the best! Just wonderful! Here is your payment, as promised!
I got to know my beloved Minior even better than before! Thank you for this! Have a wonderful journey!
You're a Pokémon Trainer, right? Wanna do a little job for me?
Sure
Not now
Hmph. Fine then. If you change your mind, though, come see me.
I'm looking for information about a Pokémon called Garchomp. So I want you to catch a Garchomp and show me the data that your Pokédex records for it.
People say they saw it in Haina Desert, but I haven't been able to find it. So go find one for me. If you do a good job, I'll even pay you for the trouble.
My coworker told me that Gabite sometimes gets called into battles as an ally when there is a sandstorm raging... But why just Gabite? What I want is a Garchomp.
Caught a Garchomp? That's awesome! Show me your 'Dex!
...I knew it! Just trying to find it wouldn't work! You have to evolve a Gabite that appeared in an SOS battle into a Garchomp... I'm so glad that I asked you for help! This is my job, but to be honest, it's hard. I'll copy the data in your 'Dex and report it to my boss...
Thanks a bunch, pal. Now I won't get chewed out by my boss. Take your payment. No need to be shy about it.
I joined the Aether Foundation 'cause I thought the white uniforms were really cool looking, but... Pokémon conservation and all is actually a lot more hard work than I expected... I sometimes even get bitten by Pokémon... It's no good just following a whim, you know?
