Bwo! Bwo! Bwooorrrrrr!
I wouldn't tease that one. If you do, he'll buck and kick you.
Tauros are generally known as spirited Pokémon, but this fellow is pretty feisty even for a Tauros. But I guess it's not that surprising, considering how new he is to the ranch.
I'd like him to train to become a Ride Pokémon. But I can't even put him through his paces if he bucks at every little thing like this.
I guess we'll need the mistress's skill for this one!
The mistress?
Is that you?
The mistress of Paniola Ranch, of course! She can get even the most unruly Tauros snapped right into line!
Me? Ridiculous! Hahahahah! You think the mistress is some weak little girl?
Right then. It's time we call the mistress!
Here she is...the mistress of the ranch! Miltank!
Moooo moooo!
One roar from Miltank and even the most ornery Tauros is instantly as quiet as a little Litten!
Mil moooooo!
Mooo! Mo-mo mo moooooo!
Mroooowwwrrrr!
Mooooooooo!
Hff! Mooo! Mooorrrrrrrrr!
Well, they do say the stronger the Tauros is, the harder it is to control. Looks like even the mistress is having a tough time with this one.
Maybe if he burns off a bit of excess energy, it'll be a bit easier to bring him to heel... What do you think? How about taking on Tauros in a battle?
Sure, I'll battle
Maybe later...
Then don't hold back! Go all out against this one!
Really? I thought it'd be a great help to us if you could do it...
Looks like you worked up a fine sweat! I think Tauros feels pretty satisfied, too.
Bwoooooor!
Moooooo! Mo-mo mooo!
Mo... Hff...
Even Tauros couldn't stand up to the combined powers of the pair of you and Miltank!
Thanks, sweetie! Just what we expect of the ranch's mistress!
Mil-mooooooooo!
Thanks to you, I think we can finally start on this fellow's Ride Pokémon training. So I hope you'll take this Scope Lens from me! Give it to a Pokémon to hold, and its moves will be more likely to land as critical hits!
With Ride Pokémon, even people who aren't Pokémon Trainers can enjoy a convenient life.
Bwooorrr!
None of our Tauros dare slack off as long as the mistress is watching! Hah!
Mil-moooooo!
