What is it? Has something happened? Or do you need some information from me?
Tell me about the UB
Tell me about the Beast Balls
I finished the mission!
Never mind
UB-01. Code name: "Symbiont." Yes, I can tell you about Nihilego! Nihilego is a terrifying, parasitic beast that can use humans or Pokémon as hosts. The sightings report a single specimen. Sightings were made in two locations. The Wela Volcano Park...and Diglett's Tunnel! It seems highly likely that the creature is on the move around Akala Island.
UB-02. Code name: "Absorption." Yes, I can tell you about it! It appears to be quite a dangerous UB that can boast of some fantastic musculature! Sightings were made in Melemele Meadow. And the sightings report two specimens. So the goal of this mission will be to find and protect two individuals, if you can!
UB-02. Code name: "Beauty." Yes, I can tell you about it! It appears to be a very dangerous and beautiful UB that can move with great speed! Sightings were made in Verdant Cavern. And the sightings report four specimens. So the goal of this mission will be to find and protect four individuals, if you can!
UB-03. Code name: "Lighting." Yes, I can tell you about it! It appears to be an Ultra Beast that can wield tremendous electric power—as its name implies! Sightings were made in two locations. Lush Jungle and Memorial Hill! It seems highly likely that the creatures are on the move around Akala Island. The sightings indicate two specimens. So the goal of this mission will be to find and protect two individuals, if you can!
UB-04. Code name: "Blade." Yes, I can tell you about it! It seems to be a horrifying beast that can cut through absolutely anything! Sightings were made in two locations. Route 17 and Malie Garden! It seems highly likely that the creatures are on the move around Ula'ula Island. The sightings indicate four specimens. So the goal of this mission will be to find and protect four individuals, if you can!
UB-04. Code name: "Blaster." Yes, I can tell you about it! It seems to possess a fearsome energy that will burn through anything at all! Sightings were made in two locations. Haina Desert and Malie Garden! It seems highly likely that the creatures are on the move around Ula'ula Island. The sightings indicate two specimens. So the goal of this mission will be to find and protect two individuals, if you can!
UB-05. Code name: "Glutton." Yes, yes, I can tell you about it. It possesses a fearsome appetite that allows it to be devouring mountains! The sightings report a single specimen. Nanu should be leading it deep into the heart of Resolution Cave. But Resolution Cave—it is really so far away. You have to go farther and farther from the Ancient Poni Path—even past Poni Meadow. That's where Resolution Cave is. It must be tough to reach there, but you should do your best, I implore.
Oh ho, how funny you are, <var>! We've caught all the UBs already, haven't we? I'm certain that black refractor that I thought I saw on Melemele was just my imagination!
Beast Balls are incredibly valuable Poké Balls! I asked Madam Wicke, who works in the secret labs, and she said a single ball costs millions! It appears you still have some on you, as well. Be very careful about using them!
What?! You mean you ran out of Beast Balls?! Well...then I suppose I must give you one of the extras that I have been holding in reserve!
You have succeeded in the capture of...<var> UBs! You've nearly done it, <var>! Do your best, young friend!
You must not lie to the International Police! I will overlook it this once, but be warned!
Amazing! Bravo! You have done it! I must call the chief back at once!
Roger that, my young companion. Then be careful as you go on your way!
Ah yes, the matter of the UBs. Disclosing info on this is prohibited, so let's please keep this between you and me. First, please take these.
The International Police asked me to pass them to you.
What are they?
Poké Balls?
Those are Beast Balls, which the Aether Foundation developed in great secrecy... They are a special kind of Poké Ball that are specialized for capturing Ultra Beasts. As a result, they are very expensive to make, so we have not been able to mass-produce them. Please consider your timing very carefully for when you will use them during a battle.
The appearance of the UBs is something that we at the foundation are to blame for... That is why I will do whatever is within my power to assist you in this. For now, perhaps you should return to Ms. Anabel at the motel in Akala. She may have discovered new info.
Please just ask if there's ever anything that I can help explain, <var>.
Tell me about the Beast Balls
What's special about the UBs?
Show me the UB data
Nihilego
Buzzwole
Pheromosa
Xurkitree
Kartana
Celesteela
Guzzlord
Never mind
Ultra Beasts are life-forms from another world. If you try to throw a regular Poké Ball at one, the ball will have a difficult time recognizing the creature as a Pokémon, and so the capturing function will be significantly impaired. But these special balls should allow you to capture beasts quite normally. They could be considered the foundation's negative assets, but I hope they will help you.
The UBs surround themselves with an aura called the Beast Boost. The truth of this aura is that it is the energy that flows within the Ultra Wormhole. When the UBs pass through the Ultra Wormhole, they are bathed in a great deal of this energy and likely store it within their bodies.
There are also Pokémon on our planet that possess this same kind of energy. I think you know what I mean. The so-called Totem Pokémon that you faced in your trials. This is because the energy pours down upon our planet when the holes open.
Which Ultra Beast would you like to learn more about?
UB-01. Code name: "Symbiont." Properly known as Nihilego. There have been sightings reported of this beast in Alola's past. Its most distinctive feature is its parasitic capability. When Nihilego latches on to a host, it does not manipulate its actions directly. Rather it awakens the host's own capabilities and boosts them to an extreme extent in order to protect itself.
It injects the host with a sort of neurotoxin to achieve this effect. This neurotoxin of Nihilego's is incredibly stimulating and inspires feelings of extreme excitement and a lack of inhibition in its host. In other words, anything or anyone that a Nihilego latches on to will have its native skills forcibly activated to their fullest extent and will then act as it naturally desires to.
UB-02. Code name: "Absorption." Properly known as Buzzwole. This UB was sighted for the first time following the incidents at Aether Foundation. Its most distinctive feature is its skill to strengthen itself. Buzzwole is able to absorb energy and then achieve a chemical reaction between the energy it has absorbed and its own body fluids.
As a result, Buzzwole's body swells to an almost explosive extent. Its muscles bulge and are so thick and dense that they are stronger even than steel. Both its Attack and Defense experience a clear leap in power. It also displays a habit of striking a pose each time that it takes any sort of action... It is thought this might serve as a method of communication, but it is not well understood.
UB-02. Code name: "Beauty." Properly known as Pheromosa. This UB was sighted for the first time following the incidents at Aether Foundation. This UB can reach speeds exceeding 120 mph in just an instant. This speed is greater than any other living creature that has been discovered to date. But its most distinctive features may in fact be its beauty and its powerful pheromones.
Most any creature that squares off against a Pheromosa becomes confused, as if struck by the beast's beauty, and loses the will to fight. It is still a subject of research, but it's thought that Pheromosa may possess some sort of organ able to produce a pheromonal substance previously unknown to science.
UB-03. Code name: "Lighting." Properly known as Xurkitree. This UB was sighted for the first time following the incidents at Aether Foundation. Its most distinctive feature is an organ that can generate power. This UB's bodily makeup is highly reminiscent of electric wiring, thus enabling it to conduct electricity with great efficiency.
It can discharge as much as a million volts of power at a time. When it begins to run out of power, it stabs its legs and tail into the soil, entering a treelike state as it absorbs electricity from the ground.
UB-04. Code name: "Blade." Properly known as Kartana. This UB was sighted for the first time following the incidents at Aether Foundation. Its most distinctive feature is its thin and razor- sharp body, of which every edge has as cruel a cutting edge as any well-honed blade. The edges on its arms are particularly in a class of their own.
Any opponent who tries to attack it will be cut down with a single strike of its "blades." Its thin body also allows it to evade attacks by dancing lightly out of the way. This is a very dangerous creature, considering its excellent offensive and defensive capabilities, but due to the nature of its body, it is also highly vulnerable to fire and moisture.
UB-04. Code name: "Blaster." Properly known as Celesteela. This UB was sighted for the first time following the incidents at Aether Foundation. Its most distinctive feature is the energy that it stores within itself, a flammable gas that it can shoot from its two huge arms.
This is mostly used to propel itself in flight and for battle, but it is thought to have sufficient power and lift to even fly into space. Its bodily construction closely resembles that of a plant, and it absorbs nutrients from the soil.
UB-05. Code name: "Glutton." Properly known as Guzzlord. This UB has been sighted in the Alola region in the past as well, according to our reports. It seems it was targeted by the International Police in a top-secret mission at that time. Its most distinctive feature is its limitless appetite. It feeds without pause every moment that it is awake.
It uses the two large tongues that protrude from its mouth to catch and devour everything in its path, be it organic or inorganic matter. And while it eats such an inordinate amount, Guzzlord excreta has never been discovered. It is thought that it might fully convert the things that it eats into energy for it to use.
Please...do be careful.
Hm? What is this Pokédex data, <var>? ...Necrozma. It's black, yet it's refracting light... But we haven't had any word from HQ about such a UB. It must be simply a rare Pokémon. Still, it's quite remarkable, though!
