<var>. Thank you once again for coming.
I've been waiting for you...<var>.
Once again we have already gathered the intel on the UB we are targeting. Mr. Nanu provided us with everything that we needed to know.
The UB that has been sighted on this island is known by the code name Blade... It is a fearsome beast that is apparently able to cut through anything at all... And it was not a single sighting, either...
The UB that has been sighted on this island is known by the code name Blaster... It is a fearsome beast that apparently possesses a fearsome energy that will burn anything... And it was not a single sighting, either...
We cannot afford any delays.
I will protect the populated areas as usual.
<var> will go to the site.
Mr. Looker, you will stand by. We will ask you to handle backup.
Ngh!
Are you all right, Chief? I think you are pushing yourself too far...
If you would agree, I would be happy to go into the field myself this time and...
I'm fine! I can still handle this! I have you to watch my back after all, don't I?
...Yes, ma'am.
Then I will be off now. <var>, I wish you fortune in battle!
Do not push yourself too hard, Chief. Please...be careful.
<var>, these are for you. Your Poké Balls known as Beast Balls for this mission!
First, the regular reports, let us get them out of the way, my young friend... Madam Wicke finished analyzing all of the data that we gathered on the last UB you caught. If you wish to learn more about that creature, you should speak with Madam Wicke in the Aether Paradise secret labs! And now it is time we get to work. If you need to ask me anything, I am here!
I've finished sending the data from the UB you protected to HQ. And to Ms. Wicke as well. Thank you for your hard work, <var>.
We should learn everything there is to know about Kartana, also known as UB Blade.
We should learn everything there is to know about Celesteela, also known as UB Blaster.
And...we have also had word from HQ. There is only one UB left for us to take care of.
And we had our hands full with so many individuals for this last UB... It was a rather dangerous situation. But you were all right, Chief?
Yes, of course! Both me and my Pokémon were fine! Of course we ran into some difficult situations... Being surrounded by the UBs and outflanked by them made it rather touch and go for a while...
As I'd feared...
What is it, Mr. Looker? You have been acting rather odd for a while now, haven't you?
Ah... No... It's nothing.
Could it be... Could it be about our long-delayed feast?
Oh... Yes! Yes, indeed! What a disaster that you have found me out! The truth is that I am starving, just starving! How a Snorlax feels, I know exactly now!
Hee... How hopeless you are, Mr. Looker. But I suppose we have been putting it off for rather a long time. You must be hungry indeed. Then allow me to take point this time and find a delicious restaurant for us all. ♪
Ah... Yes, ma'am! Thank you, ma'am!
It's a bit embarrassing to admit, but I'm actually quite famished myself! So you two stay here and relax while I go and find us a place to eat!
The chief can't take much more of this... She must be exhausted. She acts particularly cheery when she is feeling unwell to hide her weakness from others.
I know it may be a bit late for this... But there is something I would like to tell you.
It is something that happened about 10 years ago now... I came to the Alola region at that time as part of a three-person team to eradicate a UB...
Of course we did not know them as UBs back then. It was simply a dangerous creature. My team succeeded in chasing down the UB. And then we tried to put an end to it...
But somebody screwed up.
Nanu...
This halfhearted fool here felt sorry for the monster, even if only for a moment. That moment was enough to get the third member of our team done in by the UB.
This I cannot deny... I made an error of judgment. I failed to consider the fact that she was not trained for combat...
She was just bait for the UB...
And the International Police knew it... The UBs relentlessly seek out those who have passed through an Ultra Wormhole. The passage must change them somehow...as though they've been bathed in some energy... Something that the beasts can smell or sense... It is thought that the UBs can track such people as though sniffing them out.
It's not like the monsters come here by choice. They don't want to be here. So they smell that familiar scent and think there'll be a wormhole. That they'll get home.
Nanu, you called her bait... She really was, wasn't she?
Faller...
That is what the International Police calls them. Humans who appear from an Ultra Wormhole... and those who are bathed in a great deal of the energy that pours out from them. She had come through a wormhole. She was from another world. And she was put on our team to help draw the UB to us...
And now you're repeating history. You've got a Faller right here, haven't you? That's right, boy. I'm talking about you.
And now you're repeating history. You've got a Faller right here, haven't you? That's right, girl. I'm talking about you.
Yes... It's true. HShe passed through an Ultra Wormhole. <var> was exposed to the energy, so she may indeed be a Faller. But...
I'm back...
I'm sorry, young <var>. But let us continue this talk another time.
I'm sorry, you two... I couldn't get a reservation at the restaurant... It seems like it's a very popular place...
Hey, missy.
Mr. Nanu... I didn't realize you were here.
Another one of those monsters appeared. This time on Poni Island. I'll tell you more when you get there. We'll meet at the floating restaurant in Seafolk Village.
This next one seems like a real tough opponent. Be sure you're ready for it.
O-oh... Yes, of course we will. Thank you again, Mr. Nanu.
... ... ...
Um...Mr. Looker? Is everything all right?
Of course... It is fine... Not a problem at all...
Then I will make my way to the floating restaurant at Poni Island. Once you are ready, <var>, please do come and join us there.
So it is on to Poni next... I will be counting on you, <var>. Let us meet again at the floating restaurant in Seafolk Village...
