All right! I'd say we're about done, yeah? Let's call it a day and get on home.
Griiime...
Hey! What are you doing out here, kid?! This is a restricted area! We're working here!
Seriously, boy? Aren't you a Malie native? We are famous for our hospitality! Tch! And kids need to explore and see the world. How else are they gonna learn? I swear...
Y-yes, Fath—er...I mean...sir! Yes, sir! If that's what you really want...then I will tell this random trespasser about what it is we do here.
This is where we take care of all of the garbage produced in the Alola region, young manlady. We Janitors work together with our Pokémon toward this goal, in fact. The garbage that the human workers gather is consumed by Muk and Grimer, like this one here. Our president here beside me has a Muk that can eat 10 tons of rubbish in a single day!
Though, me and Grimer here are still just temporary contract workers...
...But isn't that an island challenge amulet you have there?
I took on the trials myself, when I was a kid! Though...it was a bit too much for me, and so I actually ended up giving up right away...
Look here, kid. Seems to me that my Muk's had a bit too much to eat today...
How about you join me in a battle and provide it with a bit of exercise to aid the ol' digestion?
I'd be happy to
Not right now
What, you got other plans or something? Let me know if you change your mind.
Good! You've got chutzpah, my friend! Then let's get this thing happening!
Heh! Not too shabby...just like I'd figured! You've got something in you, kid.
Amazing... You even beat my fa— I mean, my boss's Muk...
What're you doing standing there like a lump?! You're up next, you useless dullard!
Wh-what?! Me... Me and Grimer?! There's no way we could win against this kid!
You see! It's just like you did with your trials when you were a kid! The moment something starts to look tough, you give a cry and off you run! You give up! And you're supposed to be my son! How can I leave this plant to you if you never learn the value of a bit of hard work? I can't ever leave things in your hands if you don't give me reason to trust you can handle it!
F-Father...
... ... ... Fine! We'll do it!
I will not run away anymore! I will give this everything that I've got!
Then I'll take you on
Give me a minute
I'm counting on you, kid. Help me out here.
I am a man now! Just you watch, Father! I mean, sir!
Blast it all!
You...
I...I'm sorry, Father... I really am...just a weakling...
You're hired!
F-Father?
I'm not your father! I'm your boss! And I'm saying that you are hired, boy! From this day forth, I'm making you the head of the plant! And I won't hear another word of complaint about it from you!
Wha—?
You saw that this Trainer was stronger than you or even me... and still you and your Grimer went up against himer with everything that you had in you. That's what I've always wanted to see from you! That kind of persistence and drive! And that's why you and Grimer... That's why you're going to take over for me.
Th-thank you, sir! Father, sir! I mean, Mr. Former President, sir!
Sorry for using you to teach my boy a lesson. But when I saw that island challenge amulet you had there, it just hit me, you know? Take this for your troubles. It may be twisted, but it's not garbage!
Now that I've got my successor sorted out, I can finally retire to a life of peace and quiet. I think I can trust my boy's crew to keep on eating up all of Alola's garbage from now on!
Yes, sir! You can, sir!
You again, young trial-goer! Thanks again for helping me set my son to rights before.
Me and my Grimer have been working really hard ever since then. You do your best, too. I'll be hoping you succeed in your own dreams!
Gri-i-ime...
