Masteriss <var>. Welcome back.
Young Master Gladion also left something with me for you. It is Type: Null.
I'll also entrust you with all of the memory drives needed to change the type of Type: Null's Evolution—the Pokémon Silvally.
You received a whole stack of memory drives!
Type: Null... It was being researched as a possible weapon to be used to fight the Ultra Beasts, but I think a Trainer like you, <var>... Master Gladion thinks you will be able to show Type: Null that there is much more to this wide world than that.
But you have so many Pokémon already that you cannot accept Type: Null now. Please come back to get it. I will be here, in Aether Paradise.
Master Gladion left to travel Kanto and Johto, so far away from here...
For training?
Taking a vacation?
Yes, that's right! He went to defeat Trainers like you, young <var>, and Master Hau. He chose to go on a journey to train himself, rather than take part in Alola's island challenge.
If you do the same thing as everyone else, it is unlikely you will surpass them... I think Master Gladion must remember the tales I have told him of catching Pokémon in regions like Kanto and have been inspired to action.
Honestly, I cannot imagine Master Gladion ever taking a vacation... But I know he can make it anywhere he goes on his own... No. Not on his own. With his Pokémon.
I've heard that he even patched up his own clothing when it got torn up by his partner, Type: Null... Master Gladion is once again taking charge of his own life and is this time heading to Kanto and nearby regions to train himself.
I have to tell you how much I appreciate what you did for Miss Lillie and Madam Lusamine.
Miss Lillie asked me a last favor before she left. She wanted me to explain to you why she and her mother had to go to Kanto.
You see... while we do not know if it was because of Nihilego's neurotoxins, her fusion with that beast, or the strain of the Z-Power...
the ill effects of this episode on Madam Lusamine's body and mind have been undeniable. She has hardly roused since.
But Miss Lillie found a ray of hope in a book that she remembered reading long ago.
It was regarding a man named Bill, who invented the Pokémon Storage System used in our PCs.
This inventor, who lives in the Kanto region, once combined himself with a Pokémon in an experiment that apparently went awry...
Just like Lusamine...
Why would he do that?
Yes, perhaps there are even more examples in the world of people fusing with Pokémon...
I suppose it was the same sort of curiosity that led him to develop our storage system.
The records of this event, however, say that he was separated from the Pokémon by using his Teleporter and a Cell Separation System.
Perhaps using the same kind of procedure on Madam Lusamine will be able to remove the last of the beast's poisons from her system. That is what Miss Lillie was hoping when she headed to Kanto.
It pained me greatly when both Miss Lillie and young Master Gladion left Aether Paradise... but I am so proud to see the fine young people that they have become.
Even sheltered little Master Gladion tried to patch up his own clothing, he said, when his partner Null tore them...
Oh! I'm sorry. You probably aren't interested in hearing about that sort of thing, are you? Here, please accept this.
... ... ... Oh! And take another, too!
Now I'll be returning to the conservation area to look after the Pokémon.
