Yes, it's me, Ilima.
Congratulations once again on completing the trial, <var>.
I have a favor I would like to ask of such a lovely Trainer. You would be willing to help me out, right?
I would like you to go to the deepest part of Verdant Cavern instead of me, the captain, and place a piece of Normalium Z on the pedestal that is found there.
And so... I give you this.
I'm afraid I have to take the stage to fill a little role in my mother's place.
But there are many young trial-goers starting their island challenge now, inspired by your success, <var>! Don't let them down!
I'm the Trial Guide. Thank you for helping out our captain this time.
All you need to do is place the Normalium Z you got from Ilima on the pedestal deep inside. However, you WILL be attacked by the Totem Pokémon! To the totem, any and all who enter are opponents who must be defeated. That's what it means for a captain to train a totem!
But you made it through your own trial, right, <var>? I'm sure you'll be fine! Now let's test what you're really made of!
You feel a piercing gaze that seems to cut right through you...but from where?
Will you place the Z-Crystal on the pedestal?
<var>, the Totem Pokémon of Verdant Cavern, has appeared!
Thhhh!
Thhhh!
<var> disappeared back into the cave somewhere...
Will you place the Z-Crystal on the pedestal?
You reached out to place the Z-Crystal on the pedestal!
What an incredible Trainer you are!
Hahaha! Did I sound like Captain Ilima just now?
But you did just as well as we might have expected, <var>! Even the totem that Ilima has been training up was no match for you.
In the place of our captain, I present you with a fine gift so all may know what a great job you did for us!
You received a Trial Guide Cap and a Trial Guide Tee!
You received a Trial Guide Cap and a Trial Guide Tee!
We'll be sure to call on you again the next time we need a favor done!
Head right into the heart of Verdant Cavern, and place that Normalium Z on the pedestal!
Well, look at you, <var>! You could not only pass for a captain... Even that Trial Guide outfit fits you to a tee. Until we meet again, then.
The Normalium Z that you placed on the pedestal for Ilima is glittering brightly!
