I'm coming in!
Mya-myaaawr!
Ahaha, the people in Alola are so delightfully casual about things, aren't they?
I am...a certain lady known for loving Meowth. The people call me... Madame Meowth!
I heard that you had a Meowth here at your home, so I came all the way from Hau'oli to visit.
And here is my beloved Meowth. You may call her Lady Meow.
Meeee-ow. ♪
You hear that? That mellifluous cry. And that refined expression. The noble air that simply cannot be hidden... It melts your heart before you even know what is happening to you!
And this...must be a Meowth from Kanto? What a vacant expression it has... Oh, not that it's a bad thing or anything. I was merely making an observation.
Mrawr?
Oh, of course... It's true that the Meowth here in Alola have a very noble air about them!
Don't they just? I'm so glad that you can see that for yourself.
I have to say, though, that my Meowth is the most beautiful when it is fighting in battle.
Don't you think so, too, <var>?
That's right!
Really?
Oh! Well, Lady Meow is not only beautiful in battle but also exudes a most undeniable grace and nobility while fighting.
I'm sure there is no real competition, but would you care to make a little test of exactly how Alolan and Kantonian Meowth compare?
What a lovely idea!
<var>, you'll help out, too, right? I know I can count on a Champion like you.
Madame Meowth sent out Meowth!
Go! Mom's Meowth!
Mrawr!
FIGHT
POKÉMON
BAG
RUN
Listen to your mother, <var>! Battle with Meowth!
No need for that, <var>! Go ahead and show her just how strong Meowth is!
<var>! My Meowth never turns tail and runs!
Pay Day
Return
Thief
Iron Tail
The opposing Meowth used Fake Out!
Mom's Meowth flinched and couldn't move!
Ho ho ho... It would seem that Meowth of yours is about as dull as that lackluster fur it has.
Oho... What a terribly orthodox attack!
Mrawr! ♪
How unattractive it is to see one trying to act clever despite a face that is criminally simple!
Go on, <var>. You can trust Meowth to take care of this.
Mom's Meowth used Pay Day!
Coins were scattered everywhere!
Mom's Meowth used Return!
Mom's Meowth used Thief!
Mom's Meowth stole the other Meowth's Amulet Coin!
Mom's Meowth used Iron Tail!
Mom's Meowth landed a critical hit, wishing to be praised!
The opposing Meowth fainted!
You defeated Madame Meowth's Meowth!
Mraaaw...
Wh-who are you?!
Just a humble Trainer who was once known as the Scratch Cat Girl.
Th-this cannot be... The infamous Scratch Cat Girl of Kanto?!
Wh-why would you be here in Alola?!
W-we would be delighted to come and pay our proper respects at a later date! L-Lady Meow! We will return home for now!
Mya...
Fantastic! I will be waiting!
Mrawr! ♪
Mrawr? ♪
You received a PP Up from Meowth!
I think that me and Meowth may have just found some new friends! Heh heh heh...


