I'm not a Trainer! I just really like Poké Balls. An infinite world, in such a small, round space!
Oh, so I see you caught your <var> with <var>!
Wait, is that a M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M- M-M-M-M-M-Master Ball?! A seriously, for-real Master Ball? The ultimate Poké Ball—the ball that can catch any Pokémon without fail! It's the master-est of Poké Balls—truly the most masterly! I've never seen one before, but everything about it screams master! Its color, its roundness... Everything is so masterfully crafted! I bet <var> in there is enjoying a masterlike environment! I don't know what a masterlike environment is, but still...
No matter how many times I see it, the Master Ball just takes my breath away!
Oh, yeah, Ultra Balls are awesome! What's so cool about them is that they're twice as effective as normal Poké Balls, and four times as expensive!
The Great Ball is just great, isn't it? Yeah, the Great Ball is really great.
How about that, a Poké Ball! And <var> is inside it! It's the most basic way of catching Pokémon, but basics are really important! I hear there are some Pokémon Trainers out there who use only Poké Balls to catch all of their Pokémon!
H-hey, a Net Ball! It makes catching Water- and Bug-type Pokémon easier, for some reason. Maybe it makes them feel safe, just like if we were using a real net!
Ooooh, a Dive Ball! Makes catching Pokémon that live underwater a lot easier. Did you meet <var> while fishing? Or maybe while going for a cruise on your Ride Pokémon?
Nest Balls are sooooooo nice! Catching low leveled Pokémon has never been easier! I also like that it loses its effect if a Pokémon is above Lv. 30! I mean, how can it even tell?
Oh, a Repeat Ball! These are always interesting. They make catching Pokémon you've already caught before a breeze! So, does that mean you've caught a bunch of <var>? I don't know if you've caught on, but I use the words catch and caught a lot!
You can have a good time with Timer Balls! The longer a battle with a wild Pokémon lasts, the better your chances of catching it! It's super good for Pokémon that keep restoring their HP during battle!
Oh, a Luxury Ball! Really showing your Pokémon that you care! If you keep a Pokémon in a Luxury Ball in your party, it'll grow friendlier a lot quicker! I bet it's super luxurious and comfy in there.
Premier Balls look so chic! Although I always wonder... What sort of event is it supposed to be commemorating? Still, the sleek, white design is super cool!
Oh, a Dusk Ball... Good to use at night...or in caves... Y'know, dark, gloomy environments... Makes catching Pokémon there easier...
A Heal Ball, I see! Taking good care of your Pokémon, eh? It heals up both a Pokémon's HP and PP, making them ready for battle immediately!
Oh, hey, a Quick Ball! Here's a haiku about it for you. Pokémon Trainers should use a Quick Ball quickly for met Pokémon. ...It's the best I could do, OK?
Wow, a Cherish Ball! Poké Balls made to commemorate a really special occasion... <var> looks really comfy in there. I bet it's a really special Pokémon, too!
Oh look, a Fast Ball! Those are handy, aren't they? Great for when you want to capture those Pokémon that are a little too quick on their feet! If the Pokémon's Speed is over 100, you gotta use a Fast Ball!
Oh, a Level Ball! This is an interesting one! They make catching Pokémon that are at a lower level than your Pokémon easier. I always wondered how that works. Maybe the Level Ball has some sort of powerful aura!
Nice, a Lure Ball! This ball makes going fishing a breeze! So, where did you fish up <var>?
A Heavy Ball! Those are neat! This is definitely the Poké Ball to use for heavy Pokémon! But wait... Even if you catch a super heavy Pokémon, the Poké Ball's weight doesn't change...
Aww, a Love Ball! How nice! It works best when the wild Pokémon is the same species, but opposite gender, of your own Pokémon.
A Friend Ball! Those are so nice! Any Pokémon you catch with it is instantly your friend! That means the Return move's power is bumped up to 80, too!
A Moon Ball! This is a very unique Poké Ball. This ball is good for catching Pokémon that evolve when you use a Moon Stone. That means Nidorina, Nidorino, Clefairy, Jigglypuff, Skitty, and Munna!
A Beast Ball?! What is that?! I bet it's a beast of a ball!
Oh, that is a Poké Ball you don't see often! I can feel the weight of history from it! I guess you and <var> go back a long way, huh?
