Oh! <var>! You look well.
Hey there, Champion! You already know how rad Z-Moves are, yeah?
Yup!
Uhh...
So those Z-Crystals you collected on your island challenge are comin' in handy!
Well, I guess you don't have to use the Z-Crystals you collected on your island challenge.
But where does the awesomeness of Z-Moves come from? That's been one of the themes of my research into Pokémon moves.
It all starts with your Z-Power Ring, yeah, forged from the Sparkling Stone you got straight from Tapu Koko!
When you use your Z-Crystals, it brings you and your Pokémon together!
Yes, it seems that some sort of invisible bond is created between a Trainer and their Pokémon.
Yeah, a Trainer sends their physical and mental energy, and their Pokémon are surrounded by an aura!
So, what is it that allows a Trainer to send their power to a Pokémon?
Sparkling Stone?
Z-Power Ring?
Yeah, it's that Z-Power Ring, made from a refined Sparkling Stone, that changes a Trainer's power into light and gives their Pokémon an aura!
Then there is the light pouring into Alola from the Ultra Wormhole that Solgaleo opened up...
Then there is the light pouring into Alola from the Ultra Wormhole that Lunala opened up...
That's an important point! Could Sparkling Stones have also come through the Ultra Wormhole and landed here in Alola?
Long, long ago, Necrozma lost part of its body— at least that's what the Ultra Recon Squad said.
If you combine my theory with what we've heard from the Ultra Recon Squad...
The Sparkling Stones themselves might be that part of Necrozma's body that it lost!
If that's the case, then Necrozma... When it's with you, <var>, it can get back that part of itself that was once lost.
It might just be a theory, but you are one awesome Trainer, <var>!
And Necrozma, in its own way, is an awesome Pokémon! Hee!
I heard about it from Colress, yeah... He told me you can give Solgaleo's light to Necrozma!
I heard about it from Colress, yeah... He told me you can give Lunala's light to Necrozma!
Yes, and then Necrozma can change back into that brilliant form!
I've heard old stories about how Necrozma was driven back by the light, but maybe people were just giving it the light it needed.
Someday I hope I can use a Z-Move with a Pokémon, too...
All right! Thanks to my assistant Lillie, yeah, and the Champion himerself, <var>, oh yeah, I was finally able to unlock one piece of the Z-Move puzzle, woo!
But the mechanism of exactly how Z-Moves work remains shrouded in mystery, yeah... I'm still counting on both of you to help me figure it all out!
