Whoa! Hello there. Are you enjoying your Alola life? ... ... ... ... ... ...
Aha! Working hard completing the island challenge, I see! That's the best part about being a Trainer in the Alola region, after all! Keep it up!
Oh, of course! You must be so busy defending your Champion title! I bet we'll be getting a lot more tourists, too— all eager to meet you. You're going to be a star!
Hey! Seems like you're enjoying Mantine Surf! Man, I'm so jealous! I always get carried away with the moves, and end up doing a belly flop in the water! You've got to show me some of your awesome moves sometime!
Oh, wow! You've done quite a bit of Mantine Surf, haven't you? You can't hide it from me—I can feel your surfer vibe! It's always satisfying to get the high score on your favorite course, isn't it?
Oh wow. Oh WOW! You've got the aura of a master Mantine Surfer! Oh, of course I can tell! You've got the calming scent of the ocean, and the refreshing scent of Mantine! We've got a veteran surfer here!
Oh, I see you've been to the Alola Photo Club a few times! It's so cool that you can show your photos off in Festival Plaza—I can totally understand wanting to get the best photo!
Oh-ho! You go to the Alola Photo Club quite often, don't you? That means you must have gathered a lot of those backgrounds! You know, the ones they give you if you take a lot of photos! Oh man, I'm so jealous!
Eeek! You've taken a lot of photos at the Alola Photo Club, haven't you? Oh, of course I can tell! It's like both you and your Pokémon are sparkling with photogenic energy! We've got a supermodel here!
Ah, working hard at the Battle Agency, are we? It's fun to just see how far you can go, but I find I enjoy picking out Pokémon that will help out my friends the most!
Oh-ho! It seems you've had quite a few battles at the Battle Agency! I just love that feeling of working together with others to achieve victory! Maybe next time, you can recruit me?
Yikes! You've really spent some time at the Battle Agency, haven't you! Oh, of course I can tell! You've got the eyes of a veteran, able to pick out the best Trainers, and the best Pokémon, at a glance! Seizing victory with the best team of Pokémon! We've got a great Trainer here!
