Now then... How am I going to track them all down?
Oh. You look like an energetic young boygirl. Do you think you could help me a bit?
Ah, how silly of me to think that I could hold up such a busy young person. My apologies.
Thank you. I'm actually back in Heahea City today for the first time in 30 years. I'm supposed to have a little reunion with a few classmates from when I was a young man.
But I hadn't been back in so long... The building where we had always planned to meet is gone now, and not a trace of it left. It has been 30 years, though, so it's hardly a surprise.
I'm sorry to ask you, but could you search out my three friends in Heahea City and tell them to join me here?
I think my friends must be somewhere here in Heahea City. Please find them for me! We're all a bunch of old folks now, so we don't move too quick. It shouldn't be much work to track them down.
Woo!
Hello there. Did you need some help with something?
You asked the gentleman if he is perhaps friends with the old man in the Tide Song Hotel.
Why, I am precisely one of those friends! Thank you for coming. You really saved me a lot of trouble! I'll head to the hotel at once.
I was able to meet my old friend once again, thanks to you.
You, youngster. Have you seen a group of old farts like me around here anywhere?
You asked the old woman if she is perhaps friends with the old man in the Tide Song Hotel.
Yes, yes! That's exactly who I was looking for! Ahhh, what a relief! Our meeting place was torn down, you see. I'll be off to that hotel at once then. Thank you again!
Oh, why, look at you! You used to be just a little Bonsly! It's good to see how you've grown!
Oh, sheesh, you guys! Where have you all gone off to?! It's been 30 years! How am I supposed to know where you would go to meet now?!
You asked the young woman if she is perhaps friends with the old man in the Tide Song Hotel.
Oh! Yes, I am! Thank you very much! So it's the Tide Song Hotel, is that it?
Who else was around in those days? Do you remember?
Boy, it really takes you back, doesn't it?
You really remember everybody, don't you?
Woo! ♪
You're all just the same as ever.
You're the one who is just the same! In fact, you look younger now than you did back then!
And it's not easy, I'll have you know! I've been using that Mareanie treatment, see. A touch of that poison spike to your face, and...
Eeesh! No thank you! It sounds so painful I don't even want to hear it!
Hahaha! You two haven't changed at all!
My friends, the world may have changed around us, but we will never change! Even if they did make my old house into a Pokémon Center! Even if folks go surfing on Mantine now instead of paddling around in boats like we used to! We're still alive and we'll go on having a good old time! What do you say?!
Sounds good to me!
I'm about to get married for the sixth time... But it's nice to be back here on Akala. Maybe I should move here with my next hubby.
Oh! You beat our sweet pal Hala? That's wonderful! Maybe we should all go over to Melemele and pay him a little visit.
Is that an island challenge amulet? Ho, now that sure brings back some memories!
Oh! Thanks to you, we got the whole gang back together again. Take this with my thanks, if you please.
As you get older, the number of friends you have left gets fewer and fewer... You've got to treasure those you have left!
