Um, excuse me... Are you a person of courage?
I think so
Maybe not
Is that right? That's so nice for you... Perhaps a courageous person like you would listen to my worries and be able to help me. Do you have a free minute?
You're not? Then I guess you're rather like me! But I think perhaps you're just being modest. You might be rather courageous after all. Do you have a free minute now?
Oh...um... Right. Then maybe another time. Please.
Thank you for telling me about your inspiring demonstrations of courage before. Do you...do you maybe have any new tales you could share with me? You're the only one I can count on...
It's taking all the courage I've got just to make myself talk to you like this, I'm afraid.
That's how easily my courage is all used up! Just striking up a simple conversation... It really is pathetic, I know. So please, please... Couldn't you tell me some story of courage that will inspire me to feel a bit braver?
But you've got nothing particularly new you can think to tell him about!
If you do end up doing anything that you think would make for a thrilling tale of courage, please come and tell me all about it!
And so you told the boy about taking part in a Battle Royal.
Wow! That's amazing! You actually took part in a Battle Royal? Even just having a battle against one other person takes plenty of courage... But going up against three Trainers at once! You can do that?!
You know, hearing about that gave me a bit of courage! I'd say I'm at 20 percent courage now! If you don't mind, please come tell me about more of your courageous deeds when you can!
You are something else, <var>! Every time that I hear about your exploits, I begin to feel a little more courageous myself!
And so you told the boy about how you cleared Kiawe's trial.
Wow! That's amazing! You cleared Kiawe's trial?! Kiawe's so loud when he talks, and the volcano park is so hot, and the people you meet up there all seem pretty fired up, too... There's no way I could take all that on, but you were able to go there and pass the trial!
You know, hearing about that gave me a bit of courage! I'd say I'm at 40 percent courage now! If you don't mind, please come tell me about more of your courageous deeds when you can!
And so you told the boy about your trip to Aether Paradise and what happened there!
Eek! Really? That really happened? A mysterious creature, and you couldn't even tell if it was a Pokémon or not? I would have been so scared that I never would have had the courage to battle such a thing! But you just took it upon yourself to fight it off? Even though there were other Trainers there, too? You really are amazing!
You know, hearing about that gave me a bit of courage! I'd say I'm at 60 percent courage now! If you don't mind, please come tell me about more of your courageous deeds when you can!
And so you told the boy about everything that went down in Po Town.
Whoa! You actually went into Po Town?! I heard that if you go there, you get forced to join Team Skull and wear this strange outfit and make all these crazy poses... You went to that kind of scary place, and you even took on Team Skull and beat them?! Even that kind of thing is possible for you...
You know, hearing about that gave me a bit of courage! I'd say I'm at 80 percent courage now! If you don't mind, please come tell me about more of your courageous deeds when you can!
And so you told the boy about riding through an Ultra Wormhole with Ultra Warp Ride!
Wh-what?! You rode on the back of the actual Legendary Pokémon <var> to reach some other world?! Isn't that, like, too unbelievable even for you?! You just went off to a horrifying place like that, with no idea of what might happen to you? No hesitation at all? All for the sake of Alola...? All for the sake of...us...? ... ... ...
I understand... I've been making up all kinds of reasons till now, and using my lack of courage as an excuse so that I could just run away from the truth, unable to do anything for myself.
But after hearing about all your courageous deeds so many times, <var>... Now I finally feel like I want to try my hardest at something, too!
Yes! I'm at 100 percent courage now! Please grant me the honor of a battle! My first Pokémon battle against another Trainer!
Phew! I'm so glad that I gathered up my courage and talked to you that day, <var>. Take this as a token of my gratitude. I'm as grateful as anyone could ever be to you.
I'm going to keep trying to take on new challenges, too! Thank you so much!
