Hello there, <var>. How lucky that you would pass by.
You see, it seems that I, Captain Ilima, have gotten mixed up in a mysterious incident. I'm in quite the pickle!
Upon returning from a family vacation, I found my guard Machamp passed out on the floor. What's worse, even though I had hidden it carefully, deep in the back of my bookshelves...
My Nugget has vanished!
Of course, I have already found some suspects—these Hypno here.
They were loitering around my home, so I went ahead and brought them in. As a captain, it does pain me to cast doubt on Pokémon, but...
Allow me to briefly introduce you.
This Hypno is very skilled at using Hypnosis.
Zzzzzzz...
And this one! During the time of the crime, it was using Nasty Plot... Or at least I think that's what it's saying.
Heh heh heh!
The remaining Hypno seems to be able to use Psychic to move objects. It was levitating a Granbull doll not a moment ago.
Sych!
Well then, <var>. Which Hypno is guilty? Which move could have been used to steal my Nugget?
Hypnosis?
Nasty Plot?
Psychic?
The Hypno are upset about being accused!
You handled that well, <var>. I was able to deal with the other Hypno that were misbehaving.
But to think, Hypno trying to shield one another from blame...
Captain magic!
Captain Ilima has solved the mystery!
Under the guidance of Nasty Plot, they used Hypnosis to put Machamp to sleep, and then used Psychic to steal my Nugget!
Zzzzzzz...
Heh heh heh!
Sych!
Indeed, the Pokédex from a distant land says that the arching movement and glitter of its pendulum lull its foes into a deep state of hypnosis.
I imagine that a Nugget polished with so much care by Captain Ilima would be perfect as a weight for a pendulum.
Very well! I will gladly give the Nugget to you, so long as you promise to share!
Zzzzzzz...
Heh heh heh!
Sych!
Now, remember! This time I'm giving it to you as a gift, but don't make this a habit! Stealing other people's possessions makes you a thief!
The case is solved, thanks to you! Please, as a token of my gratitude, take this Big Nugget I have also polished with care!
Now, let us head home!
Uhh, I still have no idea what that was all about! I...I feel as if I've been dreaming, or having a nightmare!
