Hey, Champion! Want to know a secret?
My dad told me this back when I was a kid... He said that Malie Library has a secret book hidden in it! Did you know?
Aaaand... Oh! He said the books themselves lead the way, just as spring leads to summer! The first book is Springing Forth from Alola!
Acerola gently pushed the book in.
Which book comes next, <var>?
Some Myriad Z-Move Notes
When Terrific Tapu Travel
Falling In with the Seafolk
Quit
All right! I was able to push the book in! Which one do you think is next?
Huh? I can't push the book in—I don't think that's the right one... Uh, the first book should be Springing Forth from Alola.
That's four books... I hope we're doing this right.
*ca-chunk*
The bookshelf moved, revealing a hidden space behind it!
Oh, I get it now! Spring, summer, fall, winter... The seasons were hidden in the titles of the books! Wow, <var>, you're smart!
There is a charred piece of paper hidden within the secret space!
Hey, hey, read it, <var>!
You take the charred piece of paper and begin to read.
The pillager of light descended from the sky and shrouded the world in darkness. The pillager took from us the beast that devours the sun, using the beast as its own Dusk Mane. A youth and the guardians together used the stones to summon the light once more. The beast that devours the sun was freed from the pillager of light, and the darkness was banished from Alola.
The pillager of light descended from the sky and shrouded the world in darkness. The pillager took from us the beast that calls the moon, using the beast as its own Dawn Wings. A youth and the guardians together used the stones to summon the light once more. The beast that calls the moon was parted from the pillager of light, and the darkness was banished from Alola.
This pillager of light is Necrozma, right? I hear the king of that time burned the books about Necrozma so that the people wouldn't be scared or worried...
I...I want to respect what that king decided. And he thought this should remain hidden. Let's keep this a secret, just between us.
I guess I'll head back to the league now. You should come by, <var>!
