Kyur...
You see this Vulpix...? It was bullied by Team Skull, and now it's scared of people...
Kurr...?
Vulpix is twitching its nose, as if it's trying to smell you...
Oh...? That's the first time I've seen it go up to someone on its own like that... Maybe it senses something special about you.
Vulpix seems to calm down when you're around, too. Do you think you could come and visit us from time to time?
Oh... No, it's OK. I shouldn't get you tangled up in this, anyway...
Oh, thank you! Did you hear that, Vulpix? This Trainer is going to help you out!
Kyuuu...
Vulpix is shaking slightly...
Do you think you could come back and visit Vulpix tomorrow...or whenever you have time?
Oh, you're here! It's great to have your help.
It's started eating the food we've prepared! I think it's beginning to trust me, too, thanks to you!
Oh, I know! How about we all share a Big Malasada together? I think Vulpix trusts you enough that you could get it to try a malasada!
Oh, but you don't have a Big Malasada... You can get them at the malasada shop. Do you think you could pick one up?
Hey, Vulpix... Did you have fun?



Vulpix began eating the Big Malasada, little by little!
Kruu...
We did it! It's eating the malasada! This is thanks to you!
Kyun!
It can play outside now, too. At this rate, it won't be much longer, Vulpix... We had a lot of fun today, so we should rest. There's more fun to be had tomorrow!
It may still take some time before it's really OK with being outdoors, though...

Now, if only it could play outside, without getting intimidated by those Team Skull bullies... What should we do?
Let's go play!
I'll protect it!
Oh, good idea! I bet Vulpix will be much more comfortable with you around. Let's go!
Kyu!
Vulpix seemed like it was having so much fun! Its white fur got all muddy!



We're going to go to the snowy mountain... It's where Vulpix is most at home. Don't worry, I'll protect it until it can defend itself. You have to visit us sometime!
Kruu!
Oh, did you come to see Vulpix? Just look at the darling... It still absolutely loves you!
All right, Vulpix, let's eat something. You haven't eaten a decent meal in a long time!
Vulpix is doing so much better! I think it might be time we take it back to the white mountain it loves so much.
Kyuu...
Oh... Maybe it's sad to say good-bye?
I'll see you again
Don't worry!
Kyurr...
Vulpix jumped into your arms!
Kruu!
Vulpix snuggled with you to its heart's content...
You gave the Big Malasada to Vulpix...
I saw those Team Skull bullies picking on a poor Pokémon again! They never listen, even if I tell them to stop... You're a strong Trainer, right? Maybe you can teach them a lesson if you see them...
