Pokémon Psychology Test What Pokémon are you? ♪ Answer the questions honestly, and you'll find out what Pokémon you are!
It's a thick book... Do you want to read it?
You want to buy 50 Poké Balls. But wait! You remember that if you buy 10 at a time, you get a free Premier Ball along with them...
Do you buy 10 Poké Balls at a time?
Of course!
I buy all 50 at once!
Quit reading
Normal, Fire, Water, Electric, Grass, Ice, Fighting, Poison, Ground, Bug, Psychic, Flying, Rock, Dark, Steel, Dragon... The world has many types of Pokémon!
Of the following types, which one do you like?
Ghost type!
Fairy type!
You become lost in a blazing desert! As you wander around, you discover a vending machine to quench your thirst! But you only have enough money to buy one drink...
Which drink do you buy?
Soda Pop
Lemonade
Fresh Water
Oh! A rare Pokémon appeared out of the tall grass! Now's your chance to catch it!
Which Poké Ball do you use?
Poké Ball
Master Ball
Ultra Ball
It's Sunday, and you have the day off! But you haven't made any plans... What to do? At times like these...
What do you like to do?
Go play with friends!
Relax by myself
You're enjoying your island challenge... Your first big adventure makes your heart pound with excitement. But wait! Aren't you forgetting something important...? That's right—to save your progress!
Are you saving your progress?
Of course!
I forgot...
Alolan Trainers face all sorts of adventures! Battling Pokémon, completing the Pokédex... What you do is up to you!
Which do you like better?
Battling!
The Pokédex!
Oh no! One of your Pokémon has become paralyzed by the Alolan Raichu's Z-Move, Stoked Sparksurfer!
What do you use to heal it...?
Paralyze Heal
Full Heal
Cheri Berry
★ Test Results ★ You are...a Pikachu! You're cheerful and social, and you always have a group of friends around you!
But sometimes you spend so much energy worrying about others that you get tired! It's important to have some alone time, too. The best match for you would be a Popplio, with their honesty and straightforwardness!
★ Test Results ★ You are...a Rowlet! You have your own rules and march to your own beat. You like to take things slow and steady!
But because you like to think things through, those around you may feel you work too slowly! Don't get too caught up in your own world. Pikachu, with their cheerful and kind attitude, would be a good match for you!
★ Test Results ★ You are...a Litten! You're cautious and you like to keep your cool, but you're meticulous, and you actually like to take care of others!
But you're not good at showing your true intentions, so you're often misunderstood... Your kindness is a little clumsy! You'd be a great match with Rowlet, since they will always express their need of you!
★ Test Results ★ You are...a Popplio! You are sincere and kind, and your gentle heart makes everyone around you smile!
But sometimes you can be a bit of a troublemaker! Remember to think about what you say to others! You're a good match with Rotom, since they are honest and like your gentleness!
★ Test Results ★ You are...a Rotom! You can be shy and reluctant to meet new people, but once you get to know them well, you open your heart up!
But you can get carried away showing people how much you like them, and it may become overwhelming. Your best match would be Litten, since they enjoy the attention and like to take care of others!
