Ten-hut! Welcome, Kantonian in the making!
This is the Kantonian Gym, kid! You can challenge us if you pay $1,000!
What do you mean by Gym?
I'll challenge you!
Then that will be $1,000 for one drink and charge! OK, boygirl?
Ma'am, yes, ma'am!
Ma'am, no, ma'am!
Hey, little tyke! My name is Jim Gyde! This is the Kantonian Gym! It takes big and brassy nerves to take on this Gym with your puny power! Defeat all the Gym Trainers, and you will be the new Kantonian!
Welcome to the battlefield! Here's your drink!
Enjoy! One Trainer, challenging the Kantonian Gym!
It takes money to keep the power crackling, kid! Come back when you have money!
Is the Gym too much for you? You won't get a refund!
Thanks for coming to the Kantonian Gym! We hope you come again to the battlefield!
Oh no! You are very strong! Our staff can't keep up! Come back again tomorrow, kid!
Enjoy the Kantonian Gym! Enjoy the crackling power of electricity!
Our Most Popular Trainers No. 1 Leader No. 2 Dallas No. 3 Lee No. 4 Blair No. 5 Adrian
Kantonian Gym entry and service fees: Adult male: $5,000 Adult female: $3,000 Child (under 15): $1,000 Pokémon (up to 6): Free
The trash can is full of drinks and ice!
Oh, I'm not a Trainer. Just a regular here at the Gym.
Hey, did you know? This place is inspired directly by the Kanto region, the main scene of Pokémon Gyms!
I hear it's a perfect re-creation of a famous Gym in Vermilion City! Those Kanto folks sure know how to show people a good time!
Aaah... So this is what a Pokémon Gym is like. I haven't had this much fun in years!
Guru...
Welcome, Trainer! I'm Adrian, one of the Gym Trainers here!
I hope you enjoyed yourself!
Everyone who's doing that strange walk is a Trainer for this Gym. It's called the Gym Walk, and I hear it's a must-do at Gyms in the Kanto region!
Knock yourself out in authentic Kanto-style Pokémon battles!
Oh, congratulations! Would you like to order another drink?
I hear this Gym is just full of the owner's fond memories of the Kanto region.
All these trash cans in this room... They give it a mysterious feel, don't they?
Oh, well done, sirmadam! You'll be the Kantonian in no time, I'm sure!
You know, all these trash cans... Even the staff here don't really know what they're for. So, we've decided to use them as ice buckets! Would you like some more ice for your drink?
If you defeat four Gym Trainers, you'll be able to challenge the Gym Leader himself!
Oh, you're such a tease! I bet I'm not even the first Trainer you've beaten here!
The Gym Leader is the most powerful Trainer in this Gym! You'll win a prize if you beat him!
Hey, kid! What do you think you're doing here? Come back when you've beaten four Trainers!
Hey, you little tyke! It may not be very smart to challenge me, but it takes guts! I will be your final entertainment for today, with my authentic, Kanto-style Pokémon battle!
Arrrgh! My authentic, Kanto-style Pokémon!
You are strong! OK, boygirl. You get the Surge Badge!
You are strong! OK, boygirl. But you already have the Surge Badge! Here, I will change it for a new one!
You got the Surge Badge from the Gym Leader!
You got a new Badge from the Gym Leader!
That Surge Badge suits those who've defeated me! It's just a novelty item, but take good care of it, OK?
There is something else. You are the first Kantonian, so here are some great food and drink for you!
You received an item set with "Leader's Special" written on it!
That item set contains a shocking combo of 10 Soda Pops and some Poké Beans!
Guzzle down the Poké Beans and crunch down on the Soda Pop and enjoy yourself!
We hope to see you again here at the Kantonian Gym! Zzzap!
Uh, I'm good...
What?! That's too bad! I hope you come again!
