Hold [0xE001] down while riding around on Tauros's back to use the Tauros Charge!
Charging is a special action that can break large rocks that might block your path.
You can't reach some places unless you are willing to break a few rocks!
Hold [0xE001] down while riding around on Stoutland's back to use the Stoutland Search!
Searching is a special action that allows you to spot hidden items that lie on the ground.
You'll be able to find hidden items whenever you find a spot that makes Stoutland bark!
Hold [0xE001] down while getting a ride from Machamp to use the Machamp Shove!
Shoving is a special action that can push heavy boulders in your path forward.
Push these boulders around and drop them into holes to forge new paths you can take!
Hold [0xE001] down while riding around on Mudsdale's back to use the Mudsdale Gallop!
Only Mudsdale's Gallop will let you get across rough, rocky paths no other Pokémon can take.
Lapras can swim across the surface of bodies of water.
Hold [0xE001] down while riding around on Lapras's back to swim faster.
And if you have a fishing rod, you can even fish together with Lapras from its back!
Sharpedo can swim across the surface of bodies of water.
Hold [0xE001] down while riding around on Sharpedo's back to use the Sharpedo Jet.
Jetting is a special action that can break some of the rocks blocking your way over the water.
Charizard can fly you back to places that you have visited before.
Press the feather icon to choose a destination you would like to return to.
But remember that Charizard can't be called from inside places like buildings and caves.
You'll use your system's motion sensors to control Lunala's flight path.
You'll use your system's motion sensors to control Solgaleo's flight path.
Tilt the system up, down, left, and right to control the Pokémon.
Absorb round balls of energy and you will fly faster. This will also allow you to travel farther.
Lunala needs energy to fly through an Ultra Wormhole.
Solgaleo needs energy to fly through an Ultra Wormhole.




But if you run into these electrifying obstacles, you will lose speed!



This big hole is a warp hole. If you get too near to one, you'll be drawn toward it.
Different warp holes lead to a variety of different worlds, depending on their color.
If your system's gyroscope gets stuck out of alignment and isn't reacting properly,
move back to a neutral position and then press the A Button to reset the sensors.


How flashy a warp hole looks is based on how rare it is. There are four levels of rarity in total.
The farther away and flashier the warp hole, the better your odds of meeting rare Pokémon.

Absorb more and more energy, and try to head for faraway warp holes!




With Ultra Warp Ride, you can ride on Lunala to travel through Ultra Wormholes.
With Ultra Warp Ride, you can ride on Solgaleo to travel through Ultra Wormholes.
Try to reach warp holes that will lead you to other worlds!




