Slide and glide! Ride the waves! Watch the water splash as you soar through the air! Come have the ride of your life—experience Mantine Surfing!
See my beauty! My elegance! See my adorable, precious little Pokémon! Camera, camera, on the wall, who's the cutest of them all? If you want to show the world your style, your beauty, your cuteness, come to the Alola Photo Club!
The coolness of myself, of my Pokémon... It's almost a magic spell. Nothing can capture the absolute beauty we have achieved, except the sharp, vivid photos of the Alola Photo Club! If you want to wow the world, come to the Alola Photo Club!
There are mounds of malasadas waitin' for you! Join us to enjoy some marvelous malasadas! ♪ Alola, fans! Let me tell you that today... ♪
That's right! You heard it here first! Today we'll be sampling that most mythical of malasadas. A rare find, almost never in shops... It's the Mythic Malasada, everybody! ♪ I can't wait, so let's dig in! ♪ *munch munch munch* Mmmmph! It's...it's so— So—! What is it?! Is it sweet? Spicy? But also sour! And maybe dry...and even bitter?! ... ... ... Fair suck of the sav! That's a bewdy... This is the best thing I've ever had in my mouth! It's so gooooood... *munch munch* I didn't believe the furphy... *munch munch* but these have got to be... *munch munch* the best malasadas in all Alola! *munch munch* I...I just can't stop eating them! *munch munch munch munch*
We'll be filling our bellies with the marvelous, magnificent, positively man-sized Big Malasada! Let's dig in at once! ♪ *munch munch* Mmmph! Amazing! I keep eating...*munch munch* and eating...*munch munch* And it just never runs out! *munch munch munch munch*
We're having dulcet, delicious Sweet Malasada! Let's dig in at once! ♪ *munch munch* Mmmph! It's...it's just so—! It's as sweet as hair plucked from a Slurpuff! A single bite'll send you straight to heaven! ♪ You should definitely share one with one of your Pokémon that loves sweet flavors! ♪
We're having mouth-puckering Sour Malasada! Let's dig in at once! ♪ *munch munch* Mmmph! It's...it's just so—! Oh my gosh, it's so sour! My lips want to clamp as tightly shut as the mouth of any Budew! ♪ You should definitely share one with one of your Pokémon that loves sour flavors! ♪
We'll have a famously astringent Dry Malasada! Let's dig in at once! ♪ *munch munch* Mmmph! It's...it's just so—! It's so dry! Mm! I can feel my lips puckering! It's as dry as the Haina Desert! ♪ You should definitely share one with one of your Pokémon that loves dry flavors! ♪
We'll have an eye-watering Spicy Malasada! Let's dig in at once! ♪ *munch munch* Mmmph! It's...it's just so—! Ahhh! It's so spicy! I feel like I might start spewing flames like a Magmar! ♪ You should definitely share one with one of your Pokémon that loves spicy flavors! ♪
We'll try that unique taste: a Bitter Malasada! Let's dig in at once! ♪ *munch munch* Mmmph! It's...it's just so—! It's so bitter! I don't mean to look so bitter, too, but my tongue feels like I licked a Togedemaru! You should definitely share one with one of your Pokémon that loves bitter flavors! ♪
Tune in again tomorrow for more munchies! ♪ There are mounds of malasadas waiting! ♪
