Abilities are basically special skills all Pokémon have that can make special things happen. Take the Ability called Limber, for example... Any Pokémon who has that Ability won't ever be paralyzed by an opponent's moves!
When you begin to level up as a Trainer and learn advanced strategies, you'll want to pay attention to Abilities. They can be a huge help!
All Pokémon have some sort of Ability... But even members of the same species don't always have the same Ability as one another. Which Ability you'll want your Pokémon to have will depend somewhat on how you like to battle.
Let's see here... So, if you choose to view a Pokémon's summary, you can see what Ability that Pokémon has. When you touch the "i" for more information, you can see what that Ability does. Maybe I'd remember it all better if the textbook wasn't written to be so boring!
My Lillipup picked this up. Here, you take it.
Lillipup's Ability is Pickup! It's an awesome Ability that works even when you're not in battle. I went all the way to Akala Island to find a Lillipup and catch it just to have this Ability.
There is writing on the blackboard. It describes some of the physical changes that a Pokémon can experience in battle.
What would you like to read about?
If a Pokémon is poisoned, it will steadily lose HP during battle. The poison won't disappear after the battle either, so heal poisoning with an Antidote.
Paralysis reduces Speed and may prevent Pokémon from using any moves. Paralysis also lingers after battle, so use a Paralyze Heal to clear up its nasty effects.
If a Pokémon falls asleep, it will be unable to attack till it wakes. The Pokémon may wake up on its own, but if the battle ends first, then it will stay asleep. You can wake it up using an Awakening.
Burns lower a Pokémon's Attack and steadily reduce its HP. They linger even after battle. You can cure burns using a Burn Heal.
If a Pokémon is frozen, it becomes completely helpless. It may thaw out on its own, but if the battle ends first, it will remain frozen thereafter. You can thaw it out using an Ice Heal.
Poisoning
Paralysis
Falling asleep
Getting burned
Being frozen
Never mind
On How to Trigger Abilities Method 1: An Ability may be triggered when the Pokémon appears in a battle, and its effects will then continue as long as that Pokémon remains in the battle. Method 2: An Ability may be triggered when the Pokémon takes an attack from an opponent. Method 3: An Ability may be triggered when the Pokémon is not in a Pokémon battle.
An old notebook had fallen behind the bookshelf. Do you want to read it?
February 12 I stayed at school playing until really late, and then a Hypno appeared! The new kid went home with the Hypno. Apparently the Hypno came to pick her up?
February 21 We were all playing together when Drifloon came this time to pick up the new girl! I wonder if she just caught Drifloon? What happened to Hypno though?
The next page is torn and too hard to read...
You slipped the notebook back behind the bookshelf where you found it...
