Inside the tank is the Rendezvous Pokémon, Luvdisc; and Corsola, the Coral Pokémon.
Pokémon are my totally necessary partners in my research. Plus we all live here together. I guess I'd have to call them family!
Bull!
Kraw! Kraw! Kraw!
Roff!
Fuff?
It's the sofa bed that Lillie uses.
It's the sofa bed that Lillie uses.
It's Cosmog's bed... It looks like Rockruff has chewed on it.
There are several of Lillie's books... They look pretty advanced.
It's a very well-loved-looking Poké Doll...
There's a Makeup Bag and a Lens Case. They seem to be popular items in Alola.
There's a diary that looks to belong to Lillie. It's got a sturdy-looking lock on it!
There's a diary that looks to belong to Lillie. Murkrow seems to have pecked apart the glittering lock on the front... Will you open the diary and read it?
"I've finally decided. I have to leave Paradise so that I can protect Nebby. I told Wicke about my plans in secret, and she told me I should find someone named Professor Burnet and speak to her, that she might be able to help..." "Wicke thinks that this Professor Burnet woman is researching the Ultra Wormholes. I wonder what kind of person she might be? And how will I ever find her? I don't even know where in Alola she might be right now..."
Will you continue reading?
"Nebby shone brighter than anything... And before I knew what had happened, we had found our way to meet Professor Burnet. But how did we get there? Is it some strange power that Nebby has? Did it do this?" "Professor Burnet called her husband at once, a man named Professor Kukui. He came to meet us—and he walks around half-naked all the time! I don't know about that... Is it some kind of Alolan fashion or something?"
Will you continue reading?
"In the end, it was decided that Professor Kukui would let me stay in his research lab with him. He took me there on his boat. It didn't look like it could even survive the voyage, but we arrived in one piece, and the sea breeze was delightful." "When we arrived at the Marina, the kahuna of the island was there with his grandson. That is how I came to meet Kahuna Hala and Hau. I've since come to learn the Alola region has no Gym Leaders or Champions or any of that."
Will you continue reading?
"Today was certainly an eventful day! Nebby kept acting like it wanted to go see the Ruins of Conflict, but when we did try to visit them, it was attacked by Spearow! It was just terrible. All I could do was stand by and watch." "But then a stranger appeared and helped us. At first I thought it had to be someone from Aether—that they had tracked us down at last. But it was actually a boygirl that the professor knows. <var>... I won't forget himer..."
Hey there, <var>! You doing good with your Z-Powers? Burnet and I are looking into them and we think they might have some connection to the energy that pours outta those Ultra Wormholes.
Oh yeah! I got something solid for you, cousin!
Substitute is a sweet move that uses 1/4 of a Pokémon's HP to make a copy of it. Oh yeah! The best thing about it is that it keeps your Pokémon safe from most status moves, yeah. And you can make a real wicked combo if you use it with items that are triggered when you lose HP or gain HP back, you follow? If you're Champion, you should work on having some real fine technique in battle, little cousin!
Ah! Hello again, <var>. Are you making progress on your first trial?
It's the snapshot of you, Hau, and Lillie!
<var>! Thank you so much for helping save my mother at Aether Paradise.
I've...actually been thinking... I became a Pokémon Trainer myself because I looked up to you so much, <var>... but I still am not strong enough.
So I would really like the chance to learn more at your side.
<var>, I want— I want to be your partner at the Battle Tree! Would you maybe take me with you sometime?
I'd love that!
Maybe later
You've scouted as many Trainers as you can! Who would you like to remove from your list?
Wonderful! Then my Pokémon and I will lend you our strength however we can when you want to challenge the Battle Tree, <var>!
Of course... I will work to get even stronger, so that I can be a real support to you, <var>!
You chose not to scout Lillie.
<var>! There're plenty of strong Trainers like that Red out there in the world. Woo, yeah! Someday we'd better show 'em all Alola's awesome Pokémon and Z-Moves up close!
