... ... ... It is a surprisingly firm mattress. You could sleep easy here, free from burdens.
Cubble...
It's one of those Stufful toys that can move! They're really popular among single women.
It's one of those Stufful toys that can move! They're really popular among single women.
It's one of those Stufful toys that can move! They're really popular among single women.
It's one of those Stufful toys that can move! They're really popular among single women.
I may be an island kahuna, but I'm also just a regular woman, you know.
Pokémon Pop Psychology Quiz! You're exhausted at the end of the day and just want to dive into bed and sleep when... a sopping-wet Pyukumuku flops up to you!
What do you do?
Ignore it and go to bed
Give it a pet, then sleep
Let it sleep in bed with you
Decide it's time to clean
If you chose "Ignore it and go to bed"... You're the type who runs straight ahead in pursuit of your goals, always with your eye on the target! That dedication is a good thing, but you may also tend to ignore others' needs.
It's not that you can't appreciate how others feel—it's more like you choose not to. Try to be a little more considerate of those around you. Bonus: try donning a red hat for good luck! ♪
If you chose "Give it a pet, then sleep"... You're the type who is able to be considerate of others' needs while also taking care of your own. You manage to keep just the right amount of perspective and balance in your priorities!
But you might have a tendency to drop the ball at the last minute, when it really matters. Try to stay aware of what's going on around you! Bonus: green sneakers may help you relax! ♪
If you chose "Let it sleep in bed with you"... You have a big heart, and your kind outlook allows you to always be considerate of others' feelings. But perhaps you might be prioritizing their feelings too much over your own.
You might end up wearing yourself out doing that, so try not to take everything upon yourself. Learn to depend on others and ask for help when you need it! Bonus: a pink bag will bring you fortune! ♪
If you chose "Decide it's time to clean"... It seems that you're the type who can take care of problems without delay! You're quick to resolve any situation, but if all you're ever trying to do is be as efficient as humanly possible...
then it might be easy for others to mistake you for being cold. Sometimes there is more to life than efficiency. Try to see beyond the urge to simply fix things. Bonus: skull-patterned clothes may be lucky! ♪
