Anyone is welcome to read the books here at the Malie Library.
Oh, yes, Acerola told me you might stop by. Would you like to read that old tome again?
The empty sky broke asunder, a hole appearing where had been none. A single beast appeared from in it: it was called the beast that devours the sun. The king of Alola bowed before it: the beast that shone so like the sun. The island guardians fought against it, but in the end the beast had won. Then did the beast that devours the sun shine its light on the line of kings. Then did the beast that had won bring nature's gift to bless all things. Beast of sun and beast of moon. Through their union, they brought new life. A fragile heir in Alola born that island guardians would keep from strife. The ancient kings sang their thanks for Solgaleo with song of flute. Two tones rang out across the altar— a perfect pair, ever after mute.
The empty sky broke asunder, a hole appearing where had been none. A single beast appeared from in it: it was named the beast that calls the moon. The king of Alola bowed before it: the beast that stole all heavens' light. The island guardians fought against it, but in the end they lost the fight. Then did the beast that brings the dark cast its pall on the line of kings. So would the beast that had won mark the path for all such finished things. Beast of sun and beast of moon. Through their union, they brought new life. A fragile heir in Alola born that island guardians would keep from strife. The ancient kings sang their thanks for Lunala with song of flute. Two tones rang out across the altar— a perfect pair, ever after mute.
For free! You can read all these books for free! I swear I'd live here if I could! I don't want to die until I've read every last word on every last page of every book in the world!
I've heard there is a book somewhere in this library about the Legendary Pokémon said to be Alola's very own sun.
I've heard there is a book somewhere in this library about the Legendary Pokémon said to be Alola's very own moon.
Mrrr...
This is a book for Pokémon!
Alola, young <var>! Since you're out and about exploring on your island challenge, you must already know about regional variants, don't you?
Just as I would have expected!
Indeed? Maybe they are rarer than I thought...
Yes, regional variants... They arise when the influences of a particular region cause a Pokémon's physical aspect and even type to change.
If you have a local Persian—the regional variant—I would quite like to see it!
Oh! That's a local Alolan Persian, all right! I've heard that having a round face can be considered quite cute here in Alola! Maybe that explains the Alolan regional variant? And since Persians are so smart even before they evolve, it may be that they use the extra energy born during Evolution to instead help strengthen and bulk up their bodies... How very fascinating and alluring! And since this regional variant Persian evolves only with high friendship, I know what kind of wonderful Trainer you must be, my young friend!
Thank you, <var>! Let me give you something good as thanks!



Oh, that cousin of mine in Kanto... He and I look remarkably alike, or so everyone always says. He's Samuel Oak, though. He actually is the one who gave me this Kanto region Pokédex that I carry with me now for comparison as I look into things here in Alola.
Sam has a grandson, in fact, who is a pretty astounding Trainer himself. Boy's name is Blue. I actually sent him some Z-Crystals as well, so who knows? Maybe he'll come visit Alola, too, someday!
What! You met my grand-nephew Blue?! Well, if that doesn't just take the cake! It's like six degrees of Pokémon separation!
Springing Forth from Alola I became an island challenge champion And wanted to show my vaunted skills In a far-off region. But those city Trainers were strong... So, as Champion, If I had just passed the time peacefully, I wouldn't have had to suffer so much, I say, cursing myself, but I want to Leave my claw marks on the world— Today, too, I'll be pushed by my partner To exact revenge for yesterday. Rise with my remaining strength... Yes, springing from Alola...
Some Myriad Z-Move Notes The vigor and strength of the Trainer combine with their Pokémon, as they bring everything out of one another in a move. Thus came the Z of Zenith.
Falling In with the Seafolk The seafolk are mysterious. They skillfully manipulate boats, riding the waves with their knowledge of the stars, visiting each region of the world. With knowledge of every legend and riddle, they onetime received a windfall of treasure. Even they themselves do not know where they came from or when they began their boat voyages.
When Terrific Tapu Travel The tapu, guardian deities, are each thought to have made their own respective, fixed island into their base. However, that is a recent understanding, and the tapu of old were said to capriciously visit other islands, play with people and Pokémon, and then fly off somewhere else. It seemed as if, for the tapu, these were aimless trips... But, while it may have seemed like wandering, we suspect that the tapu were trying to facilitate communication between islands.
