Looks like there's nothing here...
Dishes and plates are neatly lined up.
It smells delicious! Somebody must have cooked here earlier.
It's a nicely made dresser. It will hold a lot of stuff.
There's a pile of snacks here.
It's a pretty picture of a Pokémon. It looks like it's feeling good.
What could this machine be? Better not mess around with it!
It's a telephone. Better not use it.
It's an advertising poster about all kinds of products.
Oh, that smells tasty! It might get the stomach growling!
Inside this... ... There's nothing inside!
It's a cup with a Pokémon mark on it.
The window is very well polished.
Outside the window... the sky looks fantastically beautiful.
Lights of different colors are flashing on and off.
All sorts of tools are lined up neatly.
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... A big Pokémon is asleep on a road!
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... What a breathtaking view!
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... To get to Lavender Town...going through the Rock Tunnel from Cerulean City appears to be a good route to take.
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... There's a man fishing!
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... It's the Pokémon Tower!
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... A large, shining bird is flying toward the sea.
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... It looks like there's a small island on the horizon!
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... That's the Celadon Department Store!
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... There's a long path over water far away.
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... Pallet Town is to the west.
Let's see what the binoculars have to show... There are people swimming.
Bingo! The Card Key opened the door!
No! You need a Card Key to open the door!
It's crammed full of Pokémon books.
It's a Town Map.
Wow! There are tons of Pokémon stuff!
We fulfill all of your item needs! Pokémon Mart
Heal your Pokémon! Pokémon Center
It should be packed with all kinds of delicious things to eat.
It's a blueprint of some sort. It's filled with diagrams and text.
It's all complicated words and numbers that make no sense...
It's a machine of some sort. It sure looks impressive.
It's the latest video game console! It sure looks fun!
There are obvious signs of burglary here...
There's a Pokémon on TV! It looks like it's having fun.
You can see your face reflected on the TV screen!
It appears that you need a key.
You pushed a secret switch!
...You heard the sound of something moving somewhere.


There are items such as Potions and Repels.
It's chock-full of products! Speak to the clerk to buy them!
You can't read the sign from the back!
