Yo! Champ in the making! This Gym is—
???: Here we go! First question!
W-wait, Mr. Blaine! It's not your turn yet!
BLAINE: Oh, that's right!
...Er, the old man you just saw there was the Gym Leader, Blaine. He is a Fire-type Pokémon pro! You did well finding the Secret Key to get in here, so I think you're ready to take on this Gym! As you might have guessed, you'll have to take on a quiz at this Gym, as well as battles. Try to have a good time!
Go on! Get in there and enjoy some sizzling battles and heated quizzes!
<var>! You did it! You beat that firebrand!
BLAINE: What d'you say? Ready to start?
All righty, then!
No need to be shy, then. Step right up!
BLAINE: Here we go! This is the Cinnabar Island Gym Pokémon Quiz!
Challengers get asked five questions that they have to answer. Get one right, and you get a Blaine doll!
Get a question wrong, and you'll have to battle one of my students here. But if you manage to beat them...then don't worry—you still get a Blaine doll! Think you can collect five Blaine dolls?!
BLAINE: Here we go! The first question!
Quiz time! Which of these is the Spitfire Pokémon?
Magmar
Growlithe
BLAINE: All right! Let's move on to the second question!
Quiz time! How many Gym Badges certified by the Pokémon League are there?
Seven
Eight
BLAINE: We're not done yet! The second question!
MAN: Hold on! Mr. Blaine! This is the third question!
BLAINE: The third question!
Quiz time! A Steel-type move used on a Fire-type Pokémon will be...?
Super effective!
Not very effective


BLAINE: The challenger has assembled three Blaine dolls!
On to the fourth question!
Quiz time! True or false! TM28 contains the move Tombstony.
True
False
What's that?!
BLAINE: It seems our challenger has collected four Blaine dolls! It's time for the last question. Give it your all!
Final question! Challenger <var>, tell me... who are you about to battle?!
Blaine
The Cinnabar Island Gym Leader
A Fire-type Pokémon pro
A hotheaded quiz master
A moustached old man
An old guy in sunglasses


BLAINE: The challenger has given hiser response! And the final judgment is...
You're absolutely correct! Congrats!
Sorry! Bad call!
BLAINE: Congratulations! You've won a Blaine doll!
BLAINE: Too bad! You were close...but ultimately wrong! The challenger must now face a penalty match against one of the Trainers I instruct!
BLAINE: A hard-won victory! You've won a Blaine doll!
BLAINE: Hah!
Challenger! You have obtained five Blaine dolls!
Which means... it's time for our battle!
I'm Blaine, the red-hot Gym Leader here!
My fiery Pokémon are all rough and ready with intense heat! They incinerate all challengers!
Hah! Hope you brought some Burn Heals!

You have earned a Volcano Badge!
You got a Volcano Badge from Blaine!
Here, you can have this TM, too!
You got <var> <var> from Blaine.
TM46 contains Fire Blast, a red-hot Fire-type move! Teach it to Fire-type Pokémon. Vulpix or Charmeleon would be ideal.
Fire Blast is an attack to be shown the utmost respect. Don't waste it on Water-type Pokémon.

I look forward to more heated battles and sizzling quizzes today!
What a fantastic battle! Even I was heating up!
You think there are any other Fire-type Gym Leaders out there?
You're pretty tough. Ever thought about becoming a Gym Leader?
Blaine's not very good as an emcee, but he's red hot when it comes to battles!
You and Blaine did great!
Blaine's always thinking up ways to keep the families of the scientists who live here from getting bored.
Hahaha! Blaine's so funny!
I sure would like a Blaine doll...
There's not too much to get excited about here on Cinnabar Island.
Recently there's been a lot of strong challengers, so things have been pretty lively.
Good luck out there, Trainer!
Your <var> looked so cute while you were taking the quiz!
I'm not a Trainer, but I still enjoy watching Blaine!
I finally got one of Blaine's questions right!
Do you know how hot Pokémon fire breath can get?

You see, fire starts when... ... ...but to be more precise, it's really combustion... ... ...and then the oxygen in the air... ... ...and after that it... Hey! Hey! Are you listening to me?
I used to be a thief, but I went straight.

I get this uncontrollable urge to steal other people's Pokémon.
Do you know why Blaine became a Trainer?

Blaine got lost in the mountains while hiking. When night fell, a fiery bird Pokémon appeared. Its light allowed Blaine to find his way down to safety.
I've been to many Gyms, but this one best suits my style.

Rapidash, Ninetales—those are popular Fire-type Pokémon.
