Only skilled Trainers can collect Gym Badges. I see you have at least one. May I tell you some interesting little bits of trivia about those Badges?
Now then... Which of the eight Badges should I describe?
Boulder Badge
Cascade Badge
Thunder Badge
Rainbow Badge
Soul Badge
Marsh Badge
Volcano Badge
Earth Badge
Number of Badges
Never mind
Come visit me anytime you wish.
It proves a person defeated the Pewter City Gym Leader. The creator of the Badge clearly put some effort into it. It's rough and hard, just like Rock-type Pokémon!
It proves a person defeated the Cerulean City Gym Leader. If you look at it, you'll see its elegant shape! It was made to look just like a water drop. Watch out for the pointy end, though—it's a bit sharp.
It proves a person defeated the Vermilion City Gym Leader. You may have never heard the word before, but vermilion is actually the name of a color. It's a reddish orange, although for some reason the Badge itself doesn't have this color...
It proves a person defeated the Celadon City Gym Leader. This is the most colorful of all the Badges here in the Kanto region, and it's also the most expensive to make. If you put it on the ground and spin it like a top, it's very pretty!
It proves a person defeated the Fuchsia City Gym Leader. It has been ranked as the best Badge to give as an engagement gift, two years straight. I'm guessing that's because it's shaped like a heart and is such a pretty pink color.
It proves a person defeated the Saffron City Gym Leader. You know, Trainers still debate whether it's actually made out of real gold or not.
It proves a person defeated the Cinnabar Island Gym Leader. This Badge is actually made from rock that was formed from lava from the volcano in Cinnabar. The Gym Leader was very particular about that.
It proves a person defeated the Viridian City Gym Leader. I've heard this is the most difficult to obtain of all the eight Badges.
Strong Pokémon from other Trainers will listen to you if you have enough Badges! The level limit increases by 10 levels for each Badge you have. If you have one Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 20 will listen to you...if you have two Badges, Pokémon up to Lv. 30 will listen to you... and so on. Once you have all the Badges, Pokémon of any level will give you their full attention!
About Gym Badges
