OAK: Good to see you! And how is your Pokédex coming along? Here, let me take a look...
Your current progress on your Pokédex is... <var> Pokémon seen and <var> Pokémon caught! And Professor Oak's judgment is...
You're just getting started. Go into every patch of grass you see and look for Pokémon!
It looks as though you're getting on the right track! I'd bet you're getting better at throwing out the ol' Poké Balls, too, eh?
Your Pokédex still needs a lot of filling before it can really be called a true Pokédex! Always look out for new places to explore!
Mm-hmm... It's clear you're trying hard! I've told one of my assistants to set you up with the Judge function. He's waiting at the gate on Route 11, so be sure to get it from him!
Your Pokédex is coming along quite well! I gave an assistant a Poké Ball set for you. He's waiting at the gate on Route 16, so be sure to get it from him!
Ah, you've finally topped 50 species! I've given one of my assistants a wonderful item. He's waiting at the gate on Route 15, so be sure to get it from him!
Hoho! This is turning into quite the respectable Pokédex, I'd say!
Very good! You can find Water-type Pokémon in rivers and the ocean, so use Sea Skim if you want to catch them!
Wonderful! Let me guess... You like to collect things, don't you?
Now this... This is truly impressive! It must have been difficult to collect so many!
You've finally hit 100 species! Such skill! It's hard to believe!
You're even filling in Pokémon's Evolutions now! Superb!
Excellent! Perhaps if you trade with friends, you'll collect even more!
Outstanding! By the time this Pokédex is completed, you'll be a true pro!
I have nothing left to say! You're the Pokémon Professor now!
You've completed a perfect Pokédex! Congratulations!


You've done it... You've really, truly done it now! You've completed a perfectly complete Pokédex! It's magnificent! Truly, this is a fantastic feat!
Wroooooooaaaaaarrrr!
Thank you, <var>! I sincerely thank you! You've made my dream a reality!
OAK: Ah, welcome! Tell me, how is the old Pokédex coming along? Wahaha! Actually, I already know how it is, but I love seeing it again anyway! Let's see...
