Whew! I'm trying to memorize all my notes.
OK, everyone! Where can you find information that is useful for Trainers? That's right! In this classroom, you can find it on the blackboard or in books! Please read bulletin boards for Trainer Tips in towns and cities, too!
If you walk around with your Pokémon or let them battle, they'll grow to love you even more!
We're studying about the Pokémon types.
Let's see, Pikachu is Electric type... That means it has an advantage against Water- and Flying-type Pokémon!
Eevee is a Normal type. It doesn't have too many weaknesses, but it is weak against Fighting-type moves!
Let's check out the notebook. The first page says... "Poké Balls are used to catch and carry Pokémon. "People who raise and battle with Pokémon are called Trainers."
The second page says... "To try to catch a Pokémon, throw a Poké Ball at the center of the white ring! "If you throw a Poké Ball while a Pokémon is moving, you may not be able to catch it."
The third page says... "Pokémon Trainers seek others to battle and defeat in Pokémon battles. "To Trainers, the taste of victory is sweet indeed. "Battles are constantly waged at Pokémon Gyms everywhere."
The fourth page says... "The goal for all Pokémon Trainers is simple. It is to defeat the eight Gym Leaders in the region. "Do so to earn the right to face...the extremely strong Elite Four of the Pokémon League!"
Do you want to turn the page?
GIRL: Hey! Don't look at my notes!
The blackboard lists status conditions that can happen to Pokémon during battles.
Which topic do you want to read?
Falling asleep
Getting burned
Being poisoned
Being frozen
Paralysis
Never mind
"If a Pokémon falls asleep, it will be unable to attack till it wakes. "It will stay asleep after battle. "Use an Awakening to wake it up."
"When a Pokémon is burned, its Attack is lowered and it will steadily lose HP. "This lingers even after battle. Use a Burn Heal to cure it."
"If a Pokémon is poisoned, it'll steadily lose HP. "Poisoning won't disappear after the battle, so heal it with an Antidote."
"If a Pokémon is frozen, it becomes helplessly immobile. "It stays frozen even after the battle ends. Use an Ice Heal to thaw it out."
"Paralysis reduces Speed and may prevent a Pokémon from using moves in battle. "And paralysis doesn't go away after the battle ends, either. Use a Paralyze Heal to treat it."
There are some notes in the notebook! "The Pokémon with the higher Speed stat gets to move first!"
There are some notes in the notebook! "Attack affects physical moves. Sp. Atk affects special moves. The higher the stat, the more damage the move does!"
"In addition to HP, Pokémon have PP, which they use to perform moves. "Recover PP by resting your tired Pokémon at a Pokémon Center."
