Saffron City: Shining Golden Land of Commerce
Fighting Dojo
Saffron City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Sabrina The Master of Psychic Pokémon!
Trainer Tips A Full Heal will cure being asleep, poisoned, burned, frozen... It's pretty full of healing power! It costs more, but it can be easier than buying items like Awakenings and Antidotes separately.
Trainer Tips The new Ultra Ball is even better at catching Pokémon than a Great Ball is! Try it on those hard-to-catch Pokémon.
Silph Co. Head Office
Mr. Psychic's House
Check out the latest from Silph! It's the product everyone wants! (Release date not yet decided.)
Trainer Fan Club: Come Talk about All Your Favorite Trainers Here!
What do you want? Get lost, you little squirt!
Boss said he'll take this town in the name of Team Rocket!
Don't you go thinking you can stand up to us, or I'll have to hurt you!
Saffron City belongs to Team Rocket!
My life as a criminal makes me feel so alive!
Ow! You jerk! Watch where you're walking!
With Silph Co. under our control, we can sell Pokémon for profit all around the world! We'll get stinking rich. Yee-haw!
You two young friends beat Team Rocket? That's amazing!
Yeah! Team Rocket is gone! I don't have to be afraid to go outside anymore!
People fled from Saffron City in droves when those thugs came. They should start flocking back now!
I flew right here on my Pidgeot when I read that Team Rocket was invading Silph! But...shucks, it's already over? Sorry! I'm just a sucker for drama!
PIDGEOT: Pi piii!
I saw him! I saw the boss of Team Rocket escaping from the Silph building!
I'm a security guard. And I don't let suspicious kids in!
... ... ... Zzz...zzz... Snrk! G'way, kid... Lemme nap in peace...
You wouldn't believe how much power Saffron City burns through. It's through the roof! We've got to keep up the maintenance!
When I grow up, I want to work at Silph Co.! It's gotta be the coolest place to work!
Where did you come from? Oh... Pallet Town, huh? It's very nice and quiet there, I hear.
There's no Steel-type Gym, but I love it anyway! Yes, the Steel type! Steel-type moves are strong against Fairy types!
MAGNEMITE: Teeel!
