Based on the photos left by my father, we headed to the warehouse area.
Chapter select has been added. If you're going to play from the continuation of the previous release, select Chapter 4.
Will you continue playing?
You can choose which Pika Prompt to play. Please tap the button.
English
Done! Returning to the title screen...
There is no data.
Please touch the amiibo to the NFC area.
Ready to read the Detective Pikachu amiibo. Please touch the amiibo to the NFC area.
Please touch the Detective Pikachu amiibo to the NFC Reader/Writer's NFC area.
Failed to connect. Please update the NFC Reader/Writer.
An infrared communications error occurred. Please restart your system and try to reconnect. 
You can already view all Pika Prompts from chapters you have already cleared. Enjoy viewing your Pika Prompts.
Hiragana
Nintendo 3DS NFC Reader/Writer
The next day we headed to GNN at the time we had agreed upon.
Litwick Cave
The second day of my part-time job is starting. Our intention is to root out the owner of that vial.
Tahnti Park
Coffee Notes
We headed to the Baker Detective Agency to ask about the locket.
Fine Park
Audio
Chapter 6
Failed to connect. Please check the power to your NFC Reader/Writer and the direction it's facing.
The next day Pikachu invited me to come to the café with him. He said there's a place he always goes on the first floor of the building where the detective agency is.
I headed to Baker's office with Pikachu.
Ryme Wharf
OK
No
You can only use the Detective Pikachu amiibo.
Press  to go back
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
To look into my dad's whereabouts, we decided to infiltrate a research facility on the outskirts of town.
We headed to the first floor to rescue Simon. However, he proposed an idea that took us completely off guard.
A nuisance of a Pokémon case was closed, and the rehearsal began.
We solved the case of the suitcase, but there's still more for us to do. We'll have to infiltrate the auction if we want to catch Keith.
Will you play with this save data?
Please turn on the system's wireless communications function.
We decided to head back to the apartment to connect the dots in this series of incidents.
Start from the beginning
Will you play in ○○?
This will delete your save data. Once you delete your save data, you will not be able to restore it. Are you sure you want to delete it?
Spanish
Do you want to start in Easy Mode? Note that you won't be able to change modes without creating new save data.
Will you overwrite this data?
If the problem persists, please visit support.nintendo.com.
Language
Creating save data... Please do not turn off the power.
Japanese
Choose the language you will use in the game.
PCL
Chapter 4
German
Japanese
Simplified Chinese
Traditional Chinese
And so we went out to Cappucci Island to ask Waals about R.
Start from the beginning of the story. Please select a save data slot.
Overwriting your save data will delete it. Is that OK?
General Pika Prompts
Are you sure you want to delete your save data?
Yes
Kanji
Deleting save data... Please do not turn off the power.
Set the language of the game audio.
Pokémon Comprehensive Laboratory
Select Chapter
Pikachu showed me the way to the Baker Detective Agency, and I was on my way.
Chapter 5
We decided to first head to the cave my dad had marked.
Press START
We were talking to Baker and the others about it, and before I knew it, we were in a car headed to PCL.
Failed to connect. Please try connecting again after restarting the NFC Reader/Writer or the system.
We waited to hear from Inspector Holiday for a few days after Carlos was arrested.
Someone from GNN is trying to disperse R at the parade. We rushed over to the Baker Detective Agency to try to stop them.
We put Cappucci Island behind us.
Pokémon Carnival
And so we headed to Fine Park, and a cold rain started to fall.
Your save data has been corrupted. Please create new save data.
Save data has been deleted.
In Easy Mode, you can touch this symbol if you need some support.
Pikachu had passed out, so I picked him up and went back to my dad's apartment. I was exhausted and slept like a log.
We visited Mr. Baker's detective agency to report on the results of our investigation. Maybe Mr. Baker had gotten in touch with him, and Inspector Holiday had shown up there, too.
Detective Tips
Please select a save data slot.
First part
Second part
Chapter 1
GNN
Italian
Return to Title Screen
Pikachu and I left the Baker Detective Agency and headed to my dad's apartment.
Chapter 2
My dad was investigating Fine Park, the amusement park that was closed down. When we heard that from Waals, we decided to head there the next day.
You can play just your favorite Pika Prompts.
R is going to be dispersed at 8 p.m. There wasn't much time, so we rushed to the central square.
You can now view all Pika Prompts from chapters you have already cleared. Enjoy viewing your Pika Prompts.
New Game
Which language do you want for game audio?
French
Cappucci Island
The first day of my part-time job was over. Pikachu and I headed to the café.
View Pika Prompts
We stayed as quiet as we could in there, in the dark, for quite a long time, all to figure out where R would eventually end up. 
Continue playing through the story. Please select your save data.
Where R Goes
Set the language that will be displayed in the game.
English
Chapter 3
Continue
Chapter 7
Favorite Pika Prompts
Would you like to continue playing from the previous installment of Detective Pikachu?
Tahnti Park
