He's the man in the photo.
Oil
Go to the chemical storage area on the second floor.
He seems to know Keith.
Machoke
Gets along with the workers
This man might also be involved
it suddenly dropped down from the ceiling.
The scientist is apparently cultivating cells
in the room in the back.
were very stinky.
near the warehouse in the photo.
A key
Smell of the blue containers
Where's the warehouse in the photo?
It wants to invade container ships
Its job appears to be passing messages
He's the only one who can do it.
A Pokémon that appeared from the ceiling. It often sneaks into the factory.
Search the interior of the warehouse.
One of the kinds of goods being handled in Ryme Wharf's warehouse area.
It helped us get down to the first floor
It helped us get down to the first floor.
connects to the A and B areas.
Fletchling
He said he would help me.
managing the R production factory.
Spinarak's thread is so strong,
and eat the delicious things on board.
Amanda
Unloading goods
Accelgor moves so fast you can barely see it.
Waals's former assistant
The scientist's room
Goods from all over the world are brought there.
The blue containers are apparently giving off
They contain oil.
Simon
He's deeply involved in all the R-related incidents.
along with us to help our investigation.
Rattata
The workers saw Keith
What testimony do we have about the warehouse in the photo?
Ryme Wharf's warehouse area
It is a working Pokémon.
Its large beak is distinctive.
Pansage
It is a key to the chemical storage area.
Red containers: oil
The goods the man is handling are apparently very stinky.
not to break it.
a very powerful odor.
The goods the man was handling were food.
The blue container is apparently giving off a powerful odor.
Alexander
It is a working Pokémon.
Pikachu
area and regained some memories he had lost.
Search the interior of the warehouse!
Look down from the second floor to check out what's going on down on the first floor.
The red containers are heavy
The red containers are amazingly heavy,
There are cans filled with health food.
It apparently has a favorite muscle.
Instead of working out,
Comes from the southern road.
Why did we choose that Pokémon?
The southern road connects to it. It handles food and machinery.
He's handling food!
The warehouse in the photo
We found some information on R!
She's an assistant at the Baker Detective Agency.
to the crews of container ships.
so they're apparently the best for working out.
Simon was Dr. Waals's
it can hold the weight of a person.
It is a warehouse area in Ryme City.
It helped us
Types of containers
The hideout is somewhere in the warehouse area.
The man in the photo, wearing a white lab coat.
A Pokémon carrying goods
Food
The red container is apparently very heavy.
He's the man in a lab coat.
The blond guy in the photo.
The man's goods
It really wanted to eat the health food,
A Pokémon we met at the wharf.
Blue containers
Ask around at the wharf.
It loads up containers at the wharf.
What testimony do we have about the goods the man handles?
Why did we choose that Pokémon?
Why did we choose that Pokémon?
It is Baker's partner, a shy Pokémon.
Spinarak
Machamp
He's the man in the photo.
We thought up a good strategy!
former assistant.
The factory manager brought him against his will
What testimony do we have about the goods the man handles?
Distract them.
He apparently made an important promise to Mewtwo.
It is Amanda's partner.
The containers that are used at the wharf.
In which warehouse area?
The southern road connects to it. It handles machinery and oil.
He developed the photos that were in the locket
it trains itself by carrying goods.
Helps us sneak down to the first floor.
Super speed
He was apparently being very careful
He is a former assistant to Waals.
it's impossible to follow it with your eyes.
The containers have food in them.
there are three warehouse areas.
She said Accelgor's a good Pokémon.
Pelipper
in order to help Simon.
This Pokémon was carrying laundry.
It was carrying things at the factory, too.
It's in warehouse area A!
Their content depends on their color.
The culprit's hideout might be there.
What testimony lets us know which goods are being handled?
I'm a little worried. He was having nightmares.
Which goods is he handling?
He's investigating Ryme Wharf with me.
Sturdy thread
They contain food. They're taking the southern road.
It is Simon's partner, a very considerate Pokémon.
What testimony do we need to determine where the warehouse in the photo is?
Flip the switch for the conveyor belt.
The things that each of them handle
When we were scouting the first floor,
We found the warehouse in the photo!
are apparently a bit different.
The blond man was dealing
with food.
It is Mr. Baker's partner.
unloading machinery from a ship.
Red containers
They contain machinery.
Keith unloaded the goods very carefully.
Accelgor moves so fast,
Pansage gets along with the workers.
It said they give it treats when it talks to them.
infiltrate the warehouse.
The eastern road connects to it. It handles oil and food.
It looks like there's a scientist down there. Head for the room at the back of the first floor.
What's the layout of the first floor?
Cans
Pansage gets along with the workers. They give it treats when it talks to them.
and forced him to produce R.
Keith put him in charge of
How can we sneak down to the first floor?
He's wearing a lab coat, so is he a scientist?
Green containers
One of the kinds of goods being handled in Ryme Wharf's warehouse area.
Keith
It looks like he's talking to the blond guy
Sneak down to the first floor.
Green containers: machinery
in the research and development of R.
We know the first-floor layout!
The containers come through the southern path.
The scientist is apparently in the room
One of the kinds of goods being handled in Ryme Wharf's warehouse area.
It is sniffing around the containers.
It took a message from Accelgor.
A Pokémon we met at the wharf.
Accelgor
Around Ryme Wharf,
Stinky goods
Blue: food, Red: oil, Green: machinery
The southern road
The blond guy
It is coming along on our investigation.
She's never been to Ryme Wharf.
in the back, opposite the entrance.
Who do we ask for what?
Which goods are they handling?
Spinarak's web is so strong that even people can hang from it.
in the photo.
Baker
and told us about Ryme Wharf.
He found a vial of R in the chemical storage
He's sending his partner Accelgor
The food really stinks, but it's Spinarak's favorite.
What testimony do we need to determine where the warehouse in the photo is?
Blue containers: food
What's the reason for the selection?
Distracts the security guards.
so it snuck into the factory.
Machinery
Find the warehouse in the photo!
Ask around about the man in the photograph.
It unloads things from ships at the wharf.
Ryme Wharf
The culprit who attacked my father.
Metang
What testimony do we have about the goods the man handles?
Cultivation
It is the partner of a scientist at the factory.
Which goods is the man handling?
Flips the switch for the conveyor belt to get the factory manager out of the way.
The goods the blond man was handling
It is apparently interested in the blue container.
It disappeared somewhere with the photos...
