...
Forty-four million.
Huh. It says if we're ordering drinks, to go order from the Frillish on the first floor.
You mean that Cinccino? Then the lady with it must be the same one we met on the deck, too!
Hello, did you need something?
Good! Now let's get Keith!
I'm sure Keith will come to the hall at some point. If I see him, I'll get a shot of him!
About the luxury cruise ship
Don't you get it, Tim? It could be that...
Hrmm? All right. Well, just leave it to me.
None
Remaining: 63 million
Thirty-seven million.
Looks like there are...three umbrellas on the right.
Increase by five million dollars
About the men with the luggage
That's that, then! Let's head back to the lounge!
Guess what...I'm willing to risk that!
We don't know for sure, but he must be on the ship at least. We do know that he's smuggling R.
Can I help you?
Yes?
Hmm... Maybe Nosepass thinks the mask is a Pokémon similar to itself.
You mean the famous lost recipe? How is that possible?
Just this morning, before I got on the ship.
Remaining: 11 million
Forty-five million.
This is going to take some thinking. Let's get ourselves some coffee. We've got an order sheet here, so let's tryand find a Frillish.
Falling
He's totally planning to make it part of the program. Is that all he ever thinks about?
Between you and me, my husband makes it his hobby to collect different masks. Our home is just full of the things already. We really don't need one more.
About the usual Frillish
Remaining: 27 million
About the luxury cruise ship
Twenty-six million.
Pokémon cry (Here you go!)
Please do. It will be powerful evidence against him!
Of course! It could be that the Pokémon Snubbull mentioned had been at the pool! And Gino told it to go get the mask!
Yes, sir. Thank you.
Not so fast, Tim. We're not done inspecting the scene.
Sorry for the wait. I'm ready to go!
What? You say they came through here? They headed up in that elevator we passed?
You don't know, huh. Well, thanks anyway.
Right here's the proof! A list of all the items offered.
Why would Gino want R? Think back to what Gino told us.
What's that? My tie is crooked? Is that really something security needs to keep track of?
Yep. We better get movin'... Keith Norman is not a very patient guy!
Most likely. She got ahold of the catalog and everything.
Let's hurry to the lounge!
There certainly are a lot of Pokémon, but there's something that doesn't fit, right?
*scream*
So then R must be past that door...
No, I'm not mistaken at all. I'll tell you exactly how it went down. This specific Pokémon can make itself invisible...so the captain didn't see it. It snuck into the room with the captain and Nosepass and committed the crime... while they were distracted.
About the Frillish
Thanks.
Snub!
Hey, calm down! Just a few moments won't hurt anybody. Right! Now that we've gotten a bit of a morale boost—let's do this!
How did Keith know the locations?
Frill!
Oh no! If that stuff gets out into the world, it'll be a disaster! You've got to let me help you find Keith, all right?
Iced tea
The items up for bid today are on the list that was given to you earlier.
It's also important to know about the competition. Gather as much information as you can about the people going after what you want.
Seven
About the men with the luggage
Frillll.
Forty-six million.
Isn't it scary looking? Maybe it's some sort of prank. My poor Snubbull was quite frightened as well.
Remaining: 26 million
Then what happened to my bag?
All right. Well, at least these masks should keep our identities somewhat hidden. We're comin' for you, Keith. Soon!
You say something invisible drank the juice— you saw it disappear right in front of you?
About the luxury cruise ship
GNN won't be broadcasting the parade
*grunt grunt*
I appreciate that, but, uh...
That's it, Tim! Give Frillish the order sheet.
Fifty-eight million.
About the show
Yeah. Don't worry. I'm getting all of it!
You didn't get a good look? No worries, thanks!
And did you have the suitcase with you the whole time?
You're right! It's on the list of items for sale!
Yes, I'm sorry to say...
I do, but this time I was really looking forward to it. I really, reeeeeally wanted the violin of the famous Carina Mitchell!
Only one catalog per person, apparently.
Remaining: 10 million
Well, we spoke to someone who saw—
Forty-eight million.
This is where that lady was looking down at the first floor.
Pokémon cry (Scared but acting tough)
Splashed with water
So are you going to investigate what was in the note now?
Go. Take him away.
About the other Frillish
Remaining: 25 million
About the men with the luggage
Twenty-seven million.
Thank you!
That's a strange mask. Is it an antique or something?
Yeah, let's go talk to the Pokémon at the pool!
There's a ticket in there.
I should have guessed. He wouldn't miss out on this opportunity.
We need to follow them!
Frillll.
I hope you can find the suitcase for Ms. Milton. Once I'm done with my interview, I'll try and help your investigation. Mr. Graham's already given me permission.
That's for sure.
Cino!
We won't let you escape, Keith!
Yeah.
Ninety million, eh. That's pretty impressive.
Shan-shaaaaaan.
The usual Frillish
About the men with the luggage
Let's see... I have 45 million dollars right now. No, wait, if I sell that piece of land, I can bring it up to 50 million!
Increase by three million dollars
Frillll.
No good?
Thank you!
For example, I'm only interested in this necklace. That's why I'm here. Well? Do you think you can spot your competitors now?
Keith was not the culprit
Well, what do you think? Maybe we can solve the mystery of that note. Open up your Case Notes and let's take a crack at it.
Snub! Snub!
I'd be happy to get my suitcase back, but please don't do anything dangerous, Tim.
*moan*
What do you mean?
No, I had checked it with the ship's staff. Once I got on board, I collected it at the front desk, and Snubbull here helped carry it to my room. I wanted to get my favorite lap blanket out, but when I opened the suitcase, it had that mask inside. Where could my suitcase have gone?
Frillll.
*scream*
Krok! Kroko!
The culprit still has your bag, too. And is here in this room...as part of this group. And so is the mysterious Pokémon.
I see, so you don't know what it means either. I don't think this is "the usual Frillish" mentioned in the note. Let's go talk to the other ones.
Another bit of information that would be very helpful is how much your competition is willing to pay for the item.
Gino's at the deck, apparently. Let's go and see what he can tell us.
Sixty-five million.
Thank you!
I'd love to get in, but...the Krokorok have the place covered.
Thirty-eight million.
First, we'll interview the famous chef Mr. Gino Farina.
It has the Henry Brothers' Recipe Book. Coincidence? This is what you really wanted, isn't it?
Snub.
Brion!
Remaining: 24 million
Snub!
Yeah, although it's not like we can use it.
*laugh* That's a trade secret!
Whew, that surprised me. OK, I understand now.
Doesn't ring a bell? Well, thanks anyway.
Sha-shaaaaaan!
Any luck with the investigation?
Frillll!
Oh, you like them? Say thanks to Emilia. She gave them to you.
Yes?
Wah! Oh!
I've never seen anything like it. It's rather unsettling...
About the show
Heh heh heh, so 50 million, eh? Now I know how much money you have.
And so you got surprised and growled at it, at which point the cup fell over. At the same time, what looked like a Pokémon appeared for an instant and said, "My juice!" Huh.
About something strange
Excuse me... Do you have a moment?
Remaining: nine million
The captain might know something about the show, right? Let's head up to the bridge. Seems like we can get there from the second floor of the lounge.
About the men with the luggage
There's an informant at GNN
It's too big and confusing? You get lost?
Increase by five million dollars
Hm?
Keith is running away! We have to go after him, Tim!
About their partner on the second floor
Nothing we can do. Let's leave this place for now.
*groan*
There are three other Frillish around? In the hallway and on the deck. Got it.
Do you remember what you said earlier? You were close to re-creating the recipes of the Henry Brothers—recipes that were lost forever! 
About the mask
Krok!
You got it?
About the auction
So, do you remember your promise now?
You again... I'm surprised you made it this far.
Maybe he was wearing blue clothing. Let's have a look around.
Increase by 10 million dollars
Tim, look carefully. You see it, right?
We have a variety of beverages, as well as snacks and light meals. The Frillish will deliver anything you order. They serve the lounge, but they will also bring your order to the deck or even to your room.
Weren't there two items that were gonna go up for bid before R?
Snub!
Hey, could you get out of the way? We can't see what's on display!
About the show
Oh, come on! What are you saying?! Think about it!
Frill!
Increase by 10 million dollars
Didn't you just order something unusual from Frillish?
Sixty million.
You can get a great view of the fireworks for the carnival from here. They don't start until the evening, but I couldn't wait, so I came early.
All right, Tim! Now!
Lapras is playing with you? Well, that's nice of it to do.
There must have been a mistake somewhere...
And it looks like whoever wins the bid gets exclusive buying rights for six months!
This makes me sad. We prided ourselves on offering a safe, secure cruise.
Yeah!
Mr. Graham asked if I could participate in an interview, so I was doing my best to oblige.
Of course—here's the note.
I said I don't know what you're talking about! Perhaps whoever you spoke to was mistaken about what they think they saw?
Forty-nine million.
This is where that lady was looking down at the first floor.
*grunt*
Briooo.
Yes, I'm going to try and find out more about what was written on it.
Well... I hope you all enjoy the exciting parade!
We've known each other for a long time. We featured him on one of our shows back when he was just getting started as a chef. He agreed to the interview specifically as a favor to me, actually.
You see, this ship is a little unusual. The passengers are actually the owners. All the rooms are privately owned, and everything from the events on board to the next destination are decided by a committee run by the passengers.
What?! You mean THE Gino Farina?!
Twenty-eight million.
Is it some kinda resort?
Does it really look that valuable to you? Seems like a piece of junk to me.
That's possible, but there are ways he could have stolen the mask without ever going to the bridge.
Yes. Very good. Please put these on once you're inside.
Yeah, it doesn't say for what event, but it has today's date on it.
Were you able to find out anything?
I took my eyes off it for a moment. And it disappeared.
About the show
Let's figure it out from the camera locations and the parade route. Baker can get that information for us!
About the interview with Gino
You're going to capture him? No, he's too dangerous. Leave him to us!
Yeah, I got it.
Cino cino!
Yeah. I promised you that I would retrieve your cells...and I also promised to destroy everything regarding R. And now I've fulfilledmy end of the bargain.
We'll follow you to the end of the world, if that's what it takes to stop your plans!
Frillll.
Skip bid
About the show
Eighteen million.
Huh? Wait, are you planning to bid on them? But this money isn't—
And it bumped into you when it made a run for it.
Shan-shaaaaaan. Shan!
About his time on the bridge
Hmm. In a way, that could be the case. So...in other words...
You get so lost that the drinks would cool off by the time you get to where you're going? And that's why you don't serve any hot beverages?!
Skip bid
Oh, you saw that? How embarrassing! I was trying to order a book.
A Detective's Cape, huh...? All right! Tim, this way!
We can't let that happen! We've got to stop them! We need to find a way to sneak into the auction, but how...
Don't worry. We'll capture the culprit in no time.
Pokémon cry (Nnnoooooiiii!)
What happened? What's going on?
Frill-fril!
Remaining: 23 million
Twenty-nine million.
Hmmmm... Can't be... A resort in the middle of the sea?
You know him, Pikachu?
Shaaaaaan!
*sigh* Such a disappointment... Hm? Did you need something?
Remaining: 44 million
Hm? Yes?
You mean the Henry Brothers' Recipe Book? If it existed, I wouldn't be going through all this trouble. The recipes are all lost, and it's said that no one will ever be able to taste the Henry Brothers' cuisine again. That's why re-creating their recipes is so meaningful!
Perfect!
One cube
About the show
Nineteen million.
No, I don't have a partner Pokémon. Don't tell me you still think I'm the culprit?
It says it does have a job on this ship, but now isn't the time for it to work. Sounds an awful lot like an excuse for slacking off to me.
Remaining: 90 million
Kroook!
Yeah.
Not so fast, Tim. Let's continue our investigation here.
Yes
Well, the thing is...we found out that we can't find anything specific.
Uh...
Wow! Looking good, Emilia! Tim, look!
Yeah, let's hurry!
Fri-frillll.
Remaining: 43 million
Whew, exactly what I needed. Great, isn't it? It's still got a well-rounded flavor, even when it's chilled!
No, not yet. Some of my cells are still out there...somewhere.
Excuse me! A question. If you use that chemical, is it possible to cause crimes without being caught?
Thirty million.
Fril!
Ugh!
Now, let the bidding begin!
Playing innocent, huh... I don't think we'll get any answers out of her. But that doesn't mean we're out of options. Let's talk to the Cinccino.
Yes, what is it?
That was a lie! You were counting on getting the recipe book, weren't you?
About the interview with the captain
About the auction
About the bouquet
What's that? You don't want to move? Hey, are you admiring your own flames reflecting off the jewels in the necklace?
Yeah, I'm guessing that's the case. Although it might be better to call this person the mastermind rather than an informant.
My boyfriend got tickets for me. It's my first cruise!
That's it, Tim! Give Frillish the order sheet.
Frillll.
*groan*
Snub!
But it's a stolen—
Thirty-one million.
Shashaaaaan.
*scream*
The more I look at it, the stranger this mask seems. Who could have brought a mask like this onto the ship?
About the strange thing
Yes? Do you need me?
She swapped it with her own bag? I don't think so.
Yeah... I don't want to believe it, but—
Thirty-nine million.
It's big enough that you get lost even if you work here, huh.
Look at it, being all daydreamy... I don't think it'll budge. Is there anything we could use to get its attention?
If there is any problem, please don't hesitate to let us know. Should you wish to use the pool, we have towels available as well.
You say the Frillish on the second floor actually did some work today for once?
I know, but we don't have time to feel sentimental, no matter who the mastermind turns out to be. Keith was strangely calm, even after he was captured. My guess is he's already completed preparations for their plan. Either Keith's allies, or the mastermind himself, could still disperse R.
Frillll.
There is still time to bid.
We don't have a choice if we're going to protect all the stolen items. I'm sure Holiday will be able to sort things out later if we manage to win the bids.
I was so surprised! Pokémon can be quite amazing.
Cino-ccino!
About President Graham
*scream*
Hey, let's head to the bridge. We gotta take an elevator from the second floor.
Pokémon cry (Aaah!)
I figured as much.
It's always super clean and fun to be here? Do you ride this ship often?
Krrrrrrro!
What can the captain tell us?
Pokémon cry (Oh!)
That's it for the interview. Thank you so much for your time!
My dear Keith, I am very grateful for your assistance. My plan is in its final phase. I now need you to cause an incident bigger than anything before.
About the suitcase
About the luxury cruise ship
OK. I'll keep trying to find out more about this mysterious show.
This is becoming more and more like an interrogation. Do you think I'm the culprit?
Shhh, Tim! Don't mention that! People will get suspicious!
Remaining: 62 million
Fifty million.
You don't have much time to speak with the other Frillish? Sure looks like you have a lot of time to me.
I guess this one is handling some other kind of job here.
No, we're OK. Thank you very much.
Remaining: eight million
Fifty-one million.
Remaining: seven million
Hmm? Is it really that scared? Let's see... Boo!
What do you mean?
What a shock! I hope that person's OK.
Oh wow.
That's some big talk, but what do you think you can do? Your Pikachu can't use any moves, right?
Right now, you obviously saw me in the balloon, but the one they're talking about was apparently completely empty. And the Pokémon that suddenly appeared in the balloon and fell into the pool, then ran off toward some person...
Yeah, she must have been counting the umbrellas and the yellow deck chairs. Let's do the same and go order the book!
Oh! *laugh* Poor thing...
Nos-nos.
Excuse me... Could we talk to you for a moment?
That person must have been Gino. But what does it mean? Is it saying that there was a Pokémon inside even though the balloon looked empty? There's no way to explain that, unless it was an invisible Pokémon.
Sure, what can I do for you?
Don't worry about it, Pikachu.
Of course I do! He's a renowned chef. He has a restaurant in Ryme City, too, but it's so popular you can't ever get a reservation!
Really?
Bah... *shudder* Er... What was I supposed to do, huh?! I ran out of ideas for new menus. I need to amaze my customers! And that's a lot of pressure, all right!
What's that? What should you give her in exchange? I don't think Emilia gave you those expecting anything from you.
*scream*
Sixty-three million.
A note, huh... This smells like a case for us.
We should see what Gino can tell us.
Well, of course! What if you bid 10 million on an item, when your competition only had three million? You'd be losing a lot of money, when you could have gotten away with bidding only five million.
Kroo!
About the auction
Remaining: 61 million
My wife and I always come on board this ship when the carnival season gets near. This year's carnival is going to be great, too!
Frillll.
Do you need something?
That's not good... We need to stop them!
Forty million.
We always come on board this ship for the carnival.
Sixty-five million.
Gino's alibi, huh...
So do you think it was stolen?
Hm... I'm counting three umbrellas on the left.
Place order
Increase by three million dollars
Well, what do you think? Looks good, eh?
Huh? You can order books from Frillish, too?
Huh? It looks like a Rattata, but...is it a different Pokémon?
Keeping still is part of your job? You need to be ready to go all out at a moment's notice?
Any more bidders?
Sha-shaaaaaan.
About the luxury cruise ship
Get out of here? All right, all right! Come on, Tim. Let's get out of here for now.
Ciiiino!
Remaining: six million
Fifty-three million.
Right.
You've been on it a lot of times, even since you were a Minccino? Man, I'm jealous.
Hmm? What are you looking at?
That sounds neat! Get me a coffee, Tim!
Hrmm... Why must you keep getting in my way! Noivern!
Fifty-five million.
Sir? Could we use your radio, please?!
I can help you gather information, since I'm a reporter!
About the show
Rattata.
Oh, anytime! Especially if you're doing the interview!
Oh, of course. You just need your bid to be higher than the competition's.
But you work the hardest? Wait, you feel bad for the ones in charge of the deck and hallway because there's not as much for them to do? You really do love your job, don't you...
Emilia, can we have a look at that hand-drawn Pokédex of yours?
You're right, it is really good!
I wonder what the ticket is for?
Hm? Well, of course you could!
Yeah.
Gino, why? You were a genius chef! I never expected you to do something like this...
Seventy million.
Seventy million.
Can't help you there. I guess they didn't come this way.
Hey! We're customers! Don't worry—we're not gonna steal anything.
Shaaaaaan.
Oh...? That sounds like false advertising, Keith!
*grunt grunt*
But where are they going to disperse R? Which location is part of the GNN broadcast and will also have lots of Pokémon?
I bet you get a great view of the parade.
Oh! The note has today's date on it!
About Gino
About the usual Frillish
Hey, are you the Frillish in charge of delivering books?
Thirty-two million.
Remaining: 42 million
Increase by five million dollars
Yes?
Well, I thought you could, but it looks like I was wrong. Frillish wouldn't take my order, so I gave up in the end.
About the luxury cruise ship
He's mocking us...
It was wet and cold? Water again, huh... Interesting testimony.
Do we have tickets? What are you talking about? What tickets?
Fril! Fril-lil!
Briiiooo!
Let's have a look.
Remaining: 41 million
Pokémon cry (Seriously? You're lettinghim in?)
Nos.
Oh, hello there, Tim. What's up?
Increase by 10 million dollars
Twenty million.
It's fun for you because your partner looks like she's having fun? Hm... Listen. This is a dangerous place to be. Make sure to get out of here if anything happens.
Really? How do you know that? What do you mean, somewhere?
And so what? We don't need any moves to capture you!
Fril.
Remaining: 77 million
That's true, too, but this ship is a special place for us. You see, this is where my husband proposed to me. He even had a special bouquet of flowers for me.
Twenty-one million.
Coffee's the way to go. But did I just catch you ordering sugar?
It's still pretty scared. Let's leave it be until it calms down a bit.
I get it, I get it! No need to get so agitated.
That's right. If there are a lot of things you want, you need to plan your bids well.
What can I do for you?
Of course, but why?
About the mask
Krrrrok!
You say I should take a swim, too? Oh yeah, I imagine it's refreshing, but I'm pretty busy.
Remaining: 40 million
Which Frillish was it?
Pokémon cry (OK!)
No tickets, no entry? What are these tickets you're going on about?!
Pokémon cry (EEEEEEEK!) (Whine)
Brio?
About the men with the luggage
Remaining: 39 million
Ha ha ha! Well, let's see how long that bravado lasts!
You should figure out their personalities, too. Are they bold or cautious, for example.
Please. If there's anything I can do to help, just ask.
Pokémon cry (Take this!)
*gasp* Noivern!
Apparently he's a friend of Mr. Graham's. That's why we've been able to get a special interview with him!
No matter how talented you are, you'll get rusty if you stop trying to improve. Back to washing dishes for you! 
Brion?
Hmmm... Maybe she's right. Yeah. We could probablyuse her help.
I don't know what's going on, but I hope they get back to the auction soon.
I take it you were talking about cooking?
Fril!
Oh, the one that Frillish gave me?
Remaining: 60 million
Remaining: 22 million
About the spilled juice
Let's see... "The Prime Treasure Show" "Iced tea"
There you go with your ideas... Are you sure it's not because you just really want to take part in the auction?
Oh, my goodness! There you are,Captain Eckhart!
I want you to consider the most effective location and time, and plan this very carefully. All required information will be provided. Your payment will be as we discussed previously. Not a bad sum, don't you agree?
The Brionne at the poolside might have seen something.
Skip bid
Does this...does this mean Keith was receiving orders from someone?
"The usual Frillish" "Umbrellas and yellow deck chairs" What does that even mean? Is it some kind of code?
You love the mask inside? Oh, the captain put it in front of you when he noticed you were trying really hard to turn your head so you could see, huh?
Black coffee on an empty stomach is a bit too much for me.
The captain told us you were at the bridge today. Do you think you could tell us a little bit about that time?
Those are some random words... I've written them down anyway, though.
About the luxury cruise ship
Remaining: 75 million
That sounds lovely. What kind of bouquet was it?
Whew, much better! Your iced tea smells good, too. They don't call this a luxury cruise for nothing.
What? Tell me who you are!
You've actually got a very important mission?
I can't believe that the people on this ship drink this every day.
So we meet again, Keith! Now, you're coming with us!
*sigh* I think I'll just watch the bidding this time.
Twenty-two million.
So is Mr. Graham on board as well?
It's an exciting name, isn't it? I apply for tickets every time I come on board, but I've never been able to get one.
Snub...
Hey, you ordered juice, didn't you? How did you think that'd keep balance with my iced coffee?
Pokémon cry (Whew.)
Snub!
About Gino's alibi
Snub!
Krokor!
Your cry! I guess you are a Rattata, after all.
How many tricks does Keith have?!
What's wrong?
Remaining: five million
It seems pretty proud of itself...
If that's the case, then you definitely want to thank her somehow? Well, if you insist, hmm... Oh, I know! Things might get pretty chaotic here. If something happens, you should help Emilia.
What exactly was mentioned about it in the news you saw?
Fifty-six million.
You bet that it is 'cause I can't swim?! How rude!
There were a lot of people saying they couldn't get tickets. An unnatural amount, really.
Remaining: 38 million
Knock it off, Pikachu.
No. The only ones in the room were me and Nosepass. Nobody else came in.
About the show
Keeew.
The only person who might have a reason to go after the mask is Gino, but apparently he hasn't been to the bridge. What do you think, Tim?
Cino!
Twenty-three million.
This cape... It's nice. Very classy...
Remaining: 37 million
Oh, it's saying that the Frillish on the second floor of the deck is always slacking off.
Two cubes
Actually, Tim...there was something else besides that note: a ticket. I don't know what it's a ticket for, though.
That I cannot say. I can feel them. That is all.
He was here for a while, but he headed out, saying he was going to the deck. Gino loves to go to the second floor of the deck when he needs to think. I should go find him, though. He wanted to sit in on the interview with the captain.
Snub.
There's a Pokémon that helped
Hey, come on! Just what kind of Pokémon do you think I am? Don't worry about it too much, and just let Emilia know whenyou're ready! Hey, what's that ruckus? Sounds like something's up for bid!
Twenty-four million.
Hmm?
Hmm... An invisible Pokémon... Water drops at the bridge...
That's correct. You can also see the actual items for yourself. They can be found in the display cases on either side of the hall.
What do you mean, I "look" classy? I am classy!
Fril!
It has a more subdued coloring than usual. And its body shape is a little different, too.
Let's go speak to the Frillish on the deck. I'd say the one carrying a tray might know something.
Remaining: 21 million
I don't remember seeing you here before. Is this your first time participating?
Forty-one million.
Sha-shaaaaaan!
Nospa!
I've heard the mask has been pulled from the lineup. I bet the owner decided he didn't want to sell it after all. It's such a beautiful piece.
About the luxury cruise ship
I think they're gone. Here, lemme help you.
Remaining: 20 million
Fril.
It's a gentle, sensitive darling. I think the mask gave it quite a scare.
A man wearing blue clothing... Do they mean the man lying on a deck chair right there?
Pokémon cry (Huh?)
Oh, so you are! Do you think you could bring me one?
Hm. Let's head to the deck to look for Gino.
Cino?
Gino isn't the culprit
Remaining: 36 million
So the passengers have more power than the captain...
Sure looks that way. Huh? Hey, Tim, look at this! Someone's left a handwritten note here.
Yeah...
The Prime Treasure Show? I don't know anything about it. Why not check with Captain Eckhart, though? The captain should know everything that happens aboard his ship!
I didn't expect there'd be a secret auctionon this ship.
Rose is the culprit
Why did you try to order a book from Frillish?
Twenty-five million.
Remaining: four million
Of course! I got it!
Don't worry, I'm sure the suitcase will show up soon. Just be patient.
About the show
Thirteen million.
We can't get a good look from here.
I'll see you 'round, Detective! Don't feel bad—you did the best that you could!
Well, hello there, Ms. Rose. How can I help you?
There are still missing pieces to this puzzle... We haven't spoken to Rose and Snubbull yet, have we?
What are you thinking, Pikachu?
What could've happened?
I don't think that has anything to do with this.
This is one of the most luxurious ships in the world. The S.S. Prime Treasure!
What can I do for you?
You're going to order something? We're in the middle of investigating!
Skorupi! Get over here!
*laugh* Sorry! I guess it really was scared.
About the shocking event
About Gino
I wonder what it means?
Remaining: 19 million
Uh...s-sure.
Snub!
All right, all right. Once we find out where the stuff went, then.
*scream*
Pokémon cry (On my way!)
This is a real mystery. Which means...a job for us!
Hmm, is there anything we can use to get Chandelure's attention?
Remaining: 18 million
I'm really sorry. My Pikachu got carried away.
If they used the elevator, they should have come out here... The lady standing in front of the pool might know something.
About the Cinccino
Oh, I wouldn't worry too much about that. I think we'll be able to walk right in. It said to have your tickets with you, and the dress code is semiformal, right?
The time before the auction starts... That is the most exciting to me.
Pokémon cry (I guess we don't have a choice)(both at the same time)
This doesn't look like the box for R.
Thirty-three million.
Three cubes
Can I help you?
It's completely enraptured by its own reflection. I don't think it even hears us.
I guess so. What else could it be?
Blast, it's empty.
Ahhh! This is what's called a luxury cruise ship!
I've been on cruises many times, but this one is a gift from my daughter. I'm enjoying it more than any trip I've ever been on!
Remaining: 59 million
Oh no! He's gonna escape!
Men with luggage? No, sir, I haven't seen them. That's very strange, though. We usually only allow freight to be moved around at night, when all of our customers have retired.
Gino? Sorry, I don't know much... I was doing my own research elsewhere. I'm sorry I can't be more help.
Hmm... Let's ask Nosepass. Hey, did you see anything? 
About the luxury cruise ship
Oh, we discussed a lot of different things: how to spend time on luxury cruise liners, how to best enjoy the Pokémon Carnival, about running restaurants, and about the future of food and cooking.
What?!
It says this is the "Goddess's Necklace." Just look at how many jewels are on it.
What do you mean, balance? Let me drink what I want.
Pokémon cry (Alas, I missed it. I looked away for an instant, and when I looked back, it was gone.)
Great work, Tim—we've won the bidding! Man, I can't wait to try it on.
Kyuu. Keeew.
Hmm, it's gone quiet. Must be a secret.
This may sound odd, but I'm afraid my bag has been swapped with someone else's. Look at this! I don'trecognize any of the contents!
*laugh*
Invisible? That's it! That Pokémon must be able to turn invisible! Which means—
So they headed toward the lounge. Apparently that's through the doors to theright of the pool.
Oh, it looks all sharp and serious, too. What's the deal with this Frillish?
You'd think that it'd be real heavy with all that. I bet wearing it's a good workout for your neck.
No sign of the ticket or note.
What?! That tells us everything we need to know... Where will R be dispersed?
About the other Frillish
So I don't know anything about what shows might be planned.
Emilia's told me everything. I'm happy to give my support!
Mmm-hmm...
It says "About the dispersal locations" and "About R."
It says the house it normally lives in is similar, but the ship has more space, so it likes it better here.
That's a good idea. I'll check with him.
I would never have expected them to use this ship for smuggling...
Frillll.
I'll tell you the culprit... You, Gino!
All of that's run by the committee, as I said.
People bid differently, depending on their personalities. So you can use that to your advantage to win.
Is that a staff member onstage? Let's go talk to him and find out more about this auction.
What's going to happen to the auction? Today is just the worst!
Frillll.
Yes, he was kind enough to come with me.
It seems to be a show that's almost a tradition on this ship. Customers complain of not getting seats, but I've never heard anyone say they've seen it...
Who stole the mask?
Wow, that's quite a range of topics! I'm looking forward to watching the show.
Briiiooo!
I'm suspicious of Gino, but it seems like he hasn't been to the bridge. We should gather some testimony about Gino. Maybe the Pokémon at the pool know something?
Yeah, it seems like all R has been moved out already.
It made you that happy, huh? Well, that's good.
Did something happen at the bridge? I'll be happy to tell you what I know.
Oh no, it's not that...
I think we've seen all there is here. We need to get the mask and the ticket so we can infiltrate the auction! First, let's head to the lounge and talk to the two crew members who came to this room.
We're close to solving the mystery of the suitcases!
No
Open up your Case Notes. Let's figure out the trick behind the disappearing mask.
Remaining: 58 million
Pikachu?!
I hear the tickets are completely sold out. We do have many other events planned on board this ship, so I might suggest enjoying those instead.
It's coming from this room!
The one who stole the mask from the bridge must be that invisible Pokémon! That Gino certainly has an interesting partner! Let's think about how they may have done it.
Forty-two million.
She must be a wonderful daughter, to give you a cruise like this as a gift.
About the book from Frillish
Men with luggage? No, I haven't seen them. They haven't come by this way.
You'll take our orders? I'm getting coffee, Tim! Black, naturally!
Fril!
I can't see the necklace. I wish it would move out of the way...
Pokémon cry (Don't get cocky!)
Yeah, whoever it is got us this time. We're not going to be able to get anywhere near Keith unless we solve this case.
I doubt I could get in, wearing a hoodie...
About the Henry Brothers' Recipe Book
This is actually my first time on this ship, and I'm just trying to blend in with the people around me. I saw someone getting a book from Frillish, so I figured that must be how all these high-class folks pass the time by the pool. Just thought I'd give it a try, too.
You're glad to see it finally take some pride in its work, huh? It must really be a slacker, if just doing its job is enough to impress its coworkers.
Thank you, sir.
Shaaaaaan.
Uhh... Oh! You look really great, Emilia.
Increase by three million dollars
Rattata!
It disappeared in just the blink of an eye? How could that be?
I admit I was surprised to find out the mask was a stolen item, but let's leave the suitcases to the captain. We need to find out about that show.
About this place
The one with sharp features? Oh, the Frillish on the second floor. That's the one that brought the book, huh? Thanks!
Hey, Tim.
Fifty-eight million.
Frillll.
What? No, this isn't a special performance. Nothing so fun as that, I'm afraid.
It must be quite the show, especially since it has the ship's name as part of the title! I'd love to see it. Maybe I should ask my daughter?
There's not much time left!
We got it wrong? Better luck next time? Hmmm... Seems like we've messed up our order somehow.
Do you know where this ship is headed?
What? We need to look spiffy if we want to get in? What do you mean?
I see. Well, thank you very much.
So there are a total of four Frillish, huh. We need to speak to all of them.
Seriously? Sugar in juice? Didn't realize you had such a sweet tooth.
No! Someone outbid us! My cape!
Oh, no you don't! 
Oh, I see. Apparently it's not accepting drink orders.
An auction that sells stolen goods... I wonder what we can do about it.
If you would like to order, please give an order sheet to a Frillish with a tray.
*grunt*
About his partner Pokémon
I'm glad a kind young man like you was close by. My name is Rose. Rose Milton.
Thank you, I can finally have a good look at the necklace! Are you after it as well?
I wonder what kind of show it is? I don't know anything about it, sorry...
Snubbull
The "Henry Brothers' Recipe Book." So this is what Gino wanted to get.
The Frillish that are not carrying anything are there to help customers with their bags.
We should reach the lounge if we just head tothe right down the hallway.
About the men with the luggage
Yeah, I'm amazed myself. I never expected something like this still existed.
Item is now sold.
Yeah, let's go ask the captain about that.
Yes?
Sharp features...?
*grunt* A bolt of brilliance!
About the Henry Brothers' Recipe Book
Remaining: 74 million
I don't. Sorry. This ship apparently travels all over the world, and destinations are decided by requests from the passengers. How did you get on board, Tim?
Let me try again.
It's unfair that it gets to take things easily? Huh... I wonder what this all means.
What? Is this a joke? I don't know any mysterious Pokémon! Absolutely ridiculous!
Are you the captain's partner?
Let's see what it says!
I don't see them on the first floor... Let's make sure to check the far end of thesecond floor, too.
Good luck with everything. I'd very much like an interview with you once you've cracked this R case, though. The ratings should be amazing!
You're in charge of carrying luggage? With those thin arms, huh...
Krok!
Apparently that mask has been stolen.
Thank you very much, Emilia. I think Chandelure is happy to have the earrings, too.
Rattata!
I'm so sorry to hear that. We'll look into it!
You didn't notice? You need to work on your observational skills if you want to be a detective! They all have different features!
Pokémon cry (Don't get cocky!)
Looks like that Pokémon is blocking people from seeing what's in the case. We should go talk to it.
It seems rather brash for someone to steal a stolen item. And who's the culprit?
Let's ask the lady with the Cinccino about the book.
What can I do for you?
Just so we're clear, I was on the deck ever since I left the lounge. You can ask around downstairs if you'd like. I'm sure someone saw me get doused at the pool.
Increase by five million dollars
That crew member's testimony was interesting. Sounds like Gino was really interested in finding out exactly when the crew member was going to the bridge.
Nos-nos.
Ah! Skorupi!
Let me know if you think it'll make a good TV show.
Let's head back down to the hall for now.
Yeah... We've just gotta wait.
Let's check out the hall until the auction starts.
Hey, Tim! Here it is! This must be the Pokémon we're after!
I really appreciate it.
They were saying it had been stolen from an art museum. I think it was about three months ago. It was a big deal, since the mask is apparently very valuable.
We did it! Here it is.
Hmmm... Well, I'm glad you were able to capture him. Good job, Tim.
You're right! I bet it's this Kecleon here!
Fifteen million.
Y'know what? I'll go investigate. I brought a dress for conducting the interviews.
Iced coffee
About the luxury cruise ship
But how could I find out their personalities?
Remaining: three million
The Cinccino might know something.
If you need to get ready, be quick. It could start any minute.
Keith was headed toward the lounge. We should go after him!
Does this guy ever let up? Still, asking the captain is a good idea.
Hey! Stop treating me like a Pokémon! Whew... *stretch* Freedom at last!
Pokémon cry (I can't help it, it's the truth.)
Krok!
Does he ever think of anything besides ratings?
That's right. There was testimony that could back up that theory, right?
About the auction
You will if we order it properly? What do you mean? I'm ordering it right now.
You're not sure? You got lost and ended up here after wandering around aimlessly?
Twenty-six million.
Thank you all for your participation! The auction is over.
This doesn't look like it came from the factory.
About the luxury cruise ship
Of course!
Just asking them directly won't do, of course. You should ask the people around them. Everyone here is a regular, so we all know each other. Well, not who we really are, since we're all wearing masks, but still. Anyway, that's about all the advice I can give. Good luck!
Nos-nos.
So he was lying about what R could do? Unforgivable...
I just love traveling by ship.
About his time on the bridge
Sixty million.
Tim! Hello! Another mystery for you?
About the strange thing
You say that's the truth, huh? Hmm, so it's a closed-room robbery. This should be very interesting.
Fril! Frillll.
What?! I can't let you go alone. It's too dangerous!
Here.
About the luxury cruise ship
About the men with the luggage
Remaining: two million
Actually, I think I'll think a bit more before I place the order.
*sinister laugh*
It says "Mask of Antiquity" on the plate.
Maybe Emilia can show us her Dex. She should still be at the lounge.
Well, the interview with the captain is next.
Can I help you, Mr. Goodman?
Rattata.
Thanks, Tim. You look pretty sharp, too!
Remaining: 35 million
About the lady next to him
About the dispersal locations - A location with the most Pokémon present - A location that is part of a GNN shoot
We infiltrated the R factory, and snuck into one of the containers they were shipping out. They carried us on board, just like that.
I guess we should ask another Frillish.
Oh, hello, Tim. Thank you so much for helping me out earlier.
Twenty-seven million.
What's that? We should go in front of you if we want to talk?
Ask around
Oh, don't be so judgmental. It tastes good!
Thirteen million.
The food where you were before was fresher, but you made a friend here, so it's the best? That's good, I guess.
I wonder if that was the real thing? If it is, what is it doing here?
The plan to disperse R and information on how the carnival will be filmed, huh...
*sigh* Thank you, Chandelure!
Let's get to that auction hall!
Yo! Looks like you've got your energy back. Sorry about earlier.
It seems like there's a specific way we're supposed to order... Maybe it has something to do with what was written in that note? Also, remember that Cinccino told us its partner was counting something. Why don't we put all the information we have together?
What's that? You're part of the show that happens at this pool? Well, what kind of show is that?
It's empty.
So you were staring at the mask the whole time? And then what happened?
About the show
I always participate, but then I end up not being able to bid on anything because I spend too much time thinking about what to do. I've never managed to buy anything.
We're still trying to find Ms. Rose's suitcase. We're also in the process of notifying every department about the mask.
We don't need to bid for this, Tim. It's going to be shown after R.
Tim, lift me up to the handrail!
Did you need me?
About the show
Can't say I've heard of it. I'm not a big fan of shows, to be honest. Having to sit still and just watch—it just isn't my thing.
Remaining: one million
Where is the culprit likely to disperse R?
Increase by 10 million dollars
Remaining: 57 million
Briooo.
I went to give my periodic report to the captain. I left the bridge as soon as I was done.
That's nice to hear, huh? The suit's more classy than you are, but hey!
Rattata!
Fifteen million.
About the men with the luggage
There was a wet Pokémon in the lounge
I must get the recipe book!
Is this some kind of storage space? It looks like a factory.
Umbrellas and yellow deck chairs
*laugh* Well, what do you think? Who's the classy one now?!
About the luxury cruise ship
You think they're... using a cruise ship to smuggle stuff?
Kecleon
Keith isn't the only bad guy out there. It's possible that the thief brought the mask here with the hope of selling it to someone.
Remaining: 56 million
There's something I'd like to ask you.
Don't look at me like that! Where's the trust?
I agree. But they mentioned Keith's name. Think it's their base?
Oh, it's fine. You'll be friends with Snubbull, won't you, Pikachu?
They're planning to disperse R during the parade!
Aw, man... I hope you're not one of thosetedious types.
No, not really.
*grunt* This is no good! If so...we need to find Keith—and quickly!
And what might that be?
I hope every suitcase ends up where it should be. Where are you keeping that suitcase now?
You don't know? You were too busy talking to your friend here to pay attention?
*sigh*
Sixteen million.
The lady who got the book looked down at the first floor to count the chairs and umbrellas. That means we shouldn't need to worry about the ones on the second floor.
About the show
Huh? The next auction's about to start.
Pikachu, this person's staring at the recipe book. I don't think she even noticed us.
Fril-fril!
Hmph... I'm not sure if it's their base... but we know the containers with R in them were taken to him. Now what?
Let's go talk to Emilia.
Come on! We've already tried looking into the show but got nowhere, remember? There's something else that only we could really look into.
Nos-pa!
Brio!
Oh hey, Tim!
Remaining: 17 million
We look for R, and then I'll bet you we find Keith.
How could you do something so reckless? I'm glad you're safe, anyway...
Iced tea...? I think that's a little too broad to really investigate. Come on, there's definitely something that'd be easier for us to investigate.
No, I don't have much interest in jewelry.
About his time on the bridge
Nosepass
So you suspect Gino, Pikachu? I don't think that testimony is enough to say he's a suspect...
Sounds good to me. Let's get going!
I'm a little nervous, actually. Gino doesn't usually give interviews. He says he can express everything he wants to through his cooking.
For that, we need to get to the bridge. Let's go to the second floor for starters.
Kroook...
Yes, you do. It's Kecleon. An' it's right beside you.
I'd rather not get her involved in this, either...but we could use some help.
Huh? Shut up and go away? Fine.
What are you saying?
About the luxury cruise ship
Thirty-four million.
Remaining: 34 million
And then how many drinks to order! One for you and one for me, so two. If you finished writing all that down, hand it our order, Tim!
I cannot allow them to remain in the world. I must destroy them with my own hands.
Did you notice anything unusual during that time?
GNN
No problem. Thanks to you we know the name of the show now. I'll ask around to see if anyone knows about it.
Do they really?
Frillish
About the shocking event
Twenty-eight million.
Pokémon cry (Whee!) 
Oh, I'm just watching. I want it, but I don't have the money to afford it.
Forty-three million.
I went to the bridge to deliver my periodic report. I didn't have much to report on, so once I was done, I left the room.
Got it, I'll write that down. Now, what should I have...?
All right, let's go find a spot where we can look down on the whole first floor!
You have an interview with the captain, too?
About the Frillish carrying the book
Gino got splashed with water at the pool
Coffee
Twenty-nine million.
You're welcome!
Pokémon cry (Uugh...)
We should talk to the Frillish on the secondfloor of the deck.
I've been waiting for you, Detective!
Skip bid
Ohhh... You're a very handsome young man! Hmm... Oh, yes... Pikachu, this is... for you.
Frill?
The lounge is supposed to be straight ahead, right?
Increase by three million dollars
This is my first time on the Prime Treasure. I plan to enjoy it as much as I can!
Eighteen million.
Cino!
We're all set. Now, let's go capture Keith!
Right.
You know...I think I've seen this mask on the news. They said that it was stolen!
Excuse me! Hello? Is everything OK?!
It looks like more of a menu than a book.
Huh? My bouquet? Oh, did my wife tell you about it? Man... Well, you see, the bouquet is actually the fireworks. There's a large fireworks display before the parade at night. And so, y'know, I call them my bouquet for her...
Sixteen million.
Nos-pa.
Oh, there you are, Pikachu! I was looking all over for you.
Rattata.
It's a pretty impressive ship. I was quite surprised!
I don't think there's anyone here who's been to the Prime Treasure Show. Let's go talk to people on the deck. We can leave through the exit facing the café.
Does this mean they're going to spread R in an area that's got a lot of Pokémon and is being filmed by GNN?
Uh...
But it's very elegant. I think it fits the atmosphere of this ship perfectly.
You're right, if the testimony was all we had. But Gino also has a motive for wanting the contents of the suitcase.
Oh, that's good. Since you're not a rival, let me give you some tips. There are tricks to winning bids.
Tim! I figured it out...
Please don't mention it. I just hope they find your suitcase soon. Are you on your way to somewhere?
Go to the display case
Increase by five million dollars
What?!
In front of Nosepass. Nosepass seems to have taken a shine to it.
Hmmm... That would be a disaster.
A special way of ordering... What to do?
Whoa... Calm yourself down.
The recipe book... it will be mine...
Mmm-hmm...
Who is the culprit?
I told my boyfriend I wanted to see it, but he couldn't get tickets. Somehow, knowing I can't see it makes me want to see it even more!
There will be three kinds of R to disperse. The first two are ones we have tested: 1. Liquid R 2. Gaseous R The third is a new development we've made: 3. Capsule R
Remaining: zero
Let's check with the Cinccino to see if their partner did anything specific before she placed her order.
You feel like you've failed as professional security experts? Don't worry about it. We'll get him somehow.
OK...
Hello there.
Frillll.
It's fun when you hang out together? Glad to hear you two get along.
I was busy steering the ship when the incident happened. Nosepass suddenly started raising a fuss, so I went in to check on it, and that's when I found out its contents were missing.
We were entrusted with the safekeeping of the mask. We must find it...
I'll get that necklace—just wait and see.
Frillll.
Good luck! Once I've finished the interview, I'll try and find out what I can about the show.
Oh, the view was great from the second floor? So you went up there and got to look down from the edge of the second-floor deck before your partner met with Frillish? ...Before she met with Frillish, huh. That must mean something...
The captain
The room at the back of the second floor? I didn't even notice it. Is that where they've taken R?
Iced tea
Forty-one million.
The passengers on this ship are very high profile, so the staff usually don't start carrying luggage around until nighttime to avoid being a disturbance. But today I've seen men carrying things wandering around already...
Let's ask the folks in the lounge aboutthis show.
About the Henry Brothers' Recipe Book
Oh no, we're heading back to our room.
Something that'd get Chandelure's attention... Maybe Emilia has some ideas?
You can only face north? OK, you're a little weird, but we can move to be in front of you.
Sixty-three million.
Cheri Berry juice
Ah...you! What are you doing?!
My name's Tim. And this is my partner, Pikachu.
We've got it! There are six umbrellas and seven yellow deck chairs. That means we need to order six sugar cubesand seven cups of iced tea from the Frillish.
The service is fantastic, and the food here is also first class. I couldn't imagine using any other ship for traveling!
Eighteen million.
Iced tea
He sounds like he's really dedicated to cooking.
Frillll.
All right! We're in front of you.
Sitrus Berry juice
Looks like this person's thinking about something, Pikachu.
Yes?
Hm? Is Snubbull OK? It's shaking all over.
He is. He's apparently close to re-creating the recipes of the Henry Brothers.
Nos.
Pokémon cry (Don't mention it.)
Emilia! Mr. Graham!
Forty-two million.
They came through here?
What's up?
Was your partner acting funny when she was looking down from up there?
It's no use... What are we supposed to do?
Sixty-five million.
But how do they have GNN information? Keith shouldn't know any of this...
She's a very cautious bidder. She raises her bid in stages, like three million, five million, and then 10 million. She keeps that up as long as she has the money to do so. Since I won't be participating this time, I'll be rooting for you, newcomer!
Kurr?
Didn't the Cinccino say that they lookeddown on the first floor from the end ofthe second-floor deck?
Forty-three million.
Remaining: 73 million
Pokémon cry (I'll let you down...)
We're counting on you, Emilia!
There is an interview on the bridge
Yes! We won the bid! Good job, Tim!
Exactly! We might be able to figure out the code on the note if we talk to the Frillish. Hopefully it will lead us to the show... Let's go find the Frillish and see what they can tell us!
If we're going to place an order, do it properly? We'd love to, but you haven't told us what you even mean by that!
About the mask
You create balloons that can fit a Pokémon inside? That's pretty impressive—I didn't realize you had that kind of talent.
I'm sorry about that. A strange thing was in my bag. Sorry to make such a scene, but itfrightened me.
Oh, I see. That sounds romantic.
Of course!
Allow me to check for you. May I see your ticket, please?
All we need to do is meet the conditions. We'll worry about the dress code later, but there was that weird ticket in the suitcase... That must be a ticket for this secret auction. Let's go to the bridge and take a closerlook at it!
Are you sure it's not just still scared of you, Pikachu?
Thirty-five million.
Now we can finally talk.
I hope that bow tie isn't too tight for him.
I'm more worried about the ticket than the mask. What on earth is going on?
Rose
Yeah! We should go have a look.
Remaining: 72 million
What?! You mean those legendary recipes?
If we're going to participate in the auction, we should let Emilia know.
Oh my gosh! Are you all right?!
The suitcase had a ticket for the auction, and there was something in the auction lineup that Gino would probably want, remember?
Excuse me.
We should ask the people on the deck aboutthe show.
Agh! What?
Sure.
What?!
Cino?
Blast, we messed up. We lost the bid...
All this ruckus certainly ruined the mood...
I hear it's quite popular. I'd like to see it myself, just to witness firsthand what draws so many people to it.
You're right. Seems like they've got a lot of different stuff here.
Sorry, sorry. I was talking to Mewtwo over there.
The ship changed direction, and the mask moved to where you couldn't see it for an instant? Things moved back to their original position quickly, but the mask was gone?
Forty-four million.
Did you notice anything unusual?
You don't know, huh...
Seems like they've finished bringing in the luggage. I wonder what that was all about.
I'm in charge of maintenance, as well as steering the ship.
Have Pikachu scope things out
Yeah, we did see them around the pool, but I didn't notice anything unusual about them. Isn't there something else that got your attention on the note?
And no more pranks like that, OK?
Nos-nos.
Cino?
Hmmm... How can it be that nobody has seen this show?
Just trust me! Come on!
Kroook.
Huh?
Stolen?!
Those sound like important duties.
Snubbull's testimony was interesting, wasn't it?
About the luxury cruise ship
Huh? What's that? Oh!
Hee hee, you should ask my husband.
What?
Frillll.
Kurr.
Keith should be up next. Let's let Emilia know!
Remaining: 55 million
The Detective's Cape
I was told there was a special selection process, and that plebians couldn't get on board, but maybe they were mistaken... You managed to get on, after all.
Thirty-six million.
Remaining: 16 million
We really appreciate your help. Thanks to you, the whole R case can finally be closed. I'm ashamed we weren't more help to you, but you've brought peaceto the city.
About the mask
Nineteen million.
Well then, Ms. Rose, we'll hold on to this suitcase for now. We'll let you know as soon as we find out anything about it.
Yes, I saw them pass by. They were heading toward the lounge.
One can't claim to be a connoisseur of food without having tried an Henry Brothers recipe...
Yes?
We should find a Frillish to place our order.
Yes, but it's guarded by Krokorok and we can't get in.
Quickly—after Keith! He got out through the door facing the stage!
You can't tell us? Well, great. This is getting us nowhere.
What?! Mewtwo? So you were able to tell it that you've fulfilled your two promises of catching the culprit and recovering R?
Forty-five million.
About the luxury cruise ship
I'm still investigating that.
About the earrings
Pikachu, a tie! Ms. Rose, thank you so much!
About the men with the luggage
I want to show you what R can do!
Don't worry about me. I'm used to getting scoops.
*groan*
I don't think I saw anyone like that. I was too busy enjoying the view of the sky.
The Henry Brothers' Recipe Book
Where could they have gone? Let's find witnesses and see what they can tell us.
Boo!
No, nothing out of the ordinary... No, wait! I'm not sure if this is related, but there was something strange I noticed.
The carnival parade
Remaining: 54 million
Thirty million.
What was this strange thing you noticed?
Liquid, gas, and capsule form... They're trying to spread all three.
Yeah, that's what Snubbull said. So why do you think that's related to Gino?
Fril-lil.
The Mask of Antiquity
About the luxury cruise ship
The only thing in the suitcase was the mask...
Cino!
My ticket? Sure, here you go.
Increase by 10 million dollars
About the auction
I wish they'd post these things a bit lower. What does it say?
Twenty million.
That won't work. They'd never tell you if you asked directly.
The lounge?
Shaaaaaan!
It moved only for an instant...? What could have happened?
Oh, hello, Tim.
About the show
About the show
Good question. Could it be that someone inside GNN is working with Keith?
Place order
Seventy million.
"Carnival Shoot Information," huh... These documents have the GNN mark. Keith must have taken them when he was working at the TV studio.
Thirty-one million.
This could be it!
Twenty-one million.
Everyone, I have solved the mystery.
She's talking to herself, Pikachu. Do you think you could go listen?
I admit I do get nervous sometimes, but it's very rewarding.
Forty-four million.
Yes, please do.
Oh dear...
Remaining: 71 million
I'd appreciate that.
Now we know how the crime was committed. All we need to figure out is exactly which Pokémon the invisible Pokémon is!
Graham
About the luxury cruise ship
As I said, I left the bridge as soon as I finished my report to the captain. But when I stepped out, I noticed the floor of the hallway was wet.
Remaining: 53 million
Well, I did see Nosepass had a mask in front of it, but nothing besides... Oh! It wasn't in the room, but there was a strange thing I noticed.
I don't think Keith is here, but...it's hard to tell for sure, with everyone wearing masks.
*gasp*
The floor?
About Gino
Let's check the GNN docs.
You are? Oh, that's right. You're a detective, aren't you. Mr. Graham mentioned that to me.
Yes, we figured the captain of a ship like this would be worth talking to. I bet he has a lot of very famous friends.
Yeah, I wonder which Pokémon it is that it saw?
Gino got splashed with water at the pool
Well, yeah. I did tell it—
Forty-six million.
How have you been spending today, Gino?
Thank you. But what about...
I dunno...
The Prime Treasure Show? Huh, I didn't know they had a show like that. I'd love to see it.
Forty-five million.
Hmm...
What was this strange thing?
Do you know which Frillish was the one carrying that book?
Maybe someone saw the men carrying the container? Let's ask around on the deck.
Remaining: 70 million
Let's use the elevator to head up, too!
Pokémon cry (what?)(Both at the same time)
I'm looking forward to the fireworks this year. You can get a great view from the ship!
About the suitcase
But I didn't expect there to be a mystery about the suitcase! I think this is going to be a very interesting interview. I should thank you, Tim!
About the usual Frillish
Gino is a cook
You don't know, huh? You were just playing a game of counting everything down on the first floor with her? Hmmm, OK. Thanks for the info.
Thirty-two million.
Yeah.
Frill?
Thirty-three million.
Do you know that man? Things have really gotten out of control here.
All it says is, "Do it properly." Don't think it's going to tell us.
It's wonderful that you were able to find out where R was going! But the room is guarded? Let's see... Is this the Krokorok you mentioned?
Frill?
Pokémon cry (Eek!)
The only ones in the room were you and Nosepass, correct?
Yeah, nothing that might help us find the original owner.
No problem! It's all in the name of fashion!
Let's use your Case Notes to figure out how to order.
Is there a problem?
Krok!
Did your partner receive a book from Frillish?
About how much to bid
Briiiooo!
Thirty-seven million.
Gah!
About the interview
Hey, Rattata! Do you think you could tell us about this place?
I guess I'll see you 'round, then. Once we finish up with what we need to do, let's meet up here. Oh! And you should use this!
Now that you've apologized properly, I think we can say the suitcase...case is closed!
I'm sorry, OK? Believe it or not, I do feel bad!
It says thanks. Seems like it enjoys being on this ship.
About the show
I thought I'd be a good daughter for once and got tickets for me and my mother. The atmosphere is relaxing, the food is good... I can't imagine a more luxurious trip.
OK.
Nosss.
What do you want? I'm not really in the mood for conversation. I'm just so disappointed...
About the luxury cruise ship
Yes, that's exactly the Pokémon we saw. I didn't know you had a Pokédex, Emilia!
What happened?
Oh, the mask!
This is actually a collection of my own notes. I write down anything that might be useful whenever I get a chance to see one of the various Pokédexes.
Forty-six million.
Must have been some slipup with the bags. Someone grabbed the wrong suitcase.
The Cinccino said they were looking down on the first floor from the front end of the secondfloor's deck. Let's go have a look ourselves.
Thank you, sir. It appears you are able to bid up to 90 million dollars today, Mr. Farina.
We're not allowed to go in? Oh, come on—don't be so uptight! All we want is a peek in the room!
Right, Gino said he got splashed with water at the pool.
Cino!
Thirty-eight million.
Thirty-four million.
Yeah.
Now you can admire your flames whenever you want? Oh, I get it. You couldn't take the item on display with you, but you can carry the earrings around.
Oh, is he worried about Snubbull? You see, my darling here accidentally spilled its juice when we were at the lounge. It's been shaking like that ever since. I think it may have given itself a scare.
The mask you really liked has disappeared? Well, sorry to hear that.
Nos-pa.
Welcome back. We were just talking about you.
About the location of the broadcast
I've just been relaxing on the deck since I left the lounge. Although one of the Pokémon at the pool decided to play a prank and splash me with water, so I came up to the second floor to dry off.
About when the incident occurred
Let's place our order with the Frillish on the second floor of the deck.
About the auction
That's right! You've got a good instinct for this.
What about Kecleon?
I don't know for sure yet, but I think it may have the mask.
Ah...you're wondering about Harry! Don't worry, we're still looking! You'll know as soon as I do! I promise you that.
Now, may I have your attention, please? Today, I am offering a truly unique item: the Detective's Cape, worn by the famous detective himself!
Fril?
Hey there! We've finally figured out how to order.
This Pokémon here won't move from in front of the case, and I can't see the items inside.
Yes, you see the two doors past the pillars there, right? Go through the one on the right and just go straight.
Wait, you made all this by hand? Pretty impressive, Emilia.
Gotcha. Leave it to me!
I wonder if it could be in Emilia's notes?
Pokémon cry (Right here!)
Wait, hold on... Something's not right. We didn't decide on the locations for filming the carnival until after Keith had fled GNN.
It's definitely worth looking into. First, let's check with Gino. To the deck!
Yes, dear?
About the crew
Do you know anything about the Prime Treasure Show? We'd love to know more about what kind of show it is, but we can't get tickets.
Next we order the sugar cubes. How many do we want?
About the other Frillish
About the Frillish
Pokémon cry (Aaagh!)(Both at the same time)
This is it! We're sneaking into the auction! I'm a little nervous, to be honest.
I don't know. I haven't seen anyone like that come this way.
Remaining: 15 million
It's a deck plan—a map of this ship. It looks like we can use this elevator to go to different floors.
Thank you for your help, too, Mr. Goodman. I'll be at the bridge, so please stop by should you need anything.
*chuckle* I knew we could count on you, Tim. Please tell us who's behind this.
I was on the bridge steering the ship, but I went on break because the captain arrived and took over.
Kurr!
Oh no, that's OK...
Let's see what it says about this Pokémon... - It can become invisible, but it can't hide thezigzag pattern on its belly.- It will reveal itself if it gets surprised.This could be useful. Tim, gather everyone!
Remaining: 52 million
Yes, although I imagine it was some sort of prank or something...
It shows where they're going to shoot the carnival from. Seems like GNN has set up cameras in five spots around the parade ground.
Hm? Did you need something?
It's an order sheet for drinks. If you hand it to the Frillish, they'll bring what you ordered.
That's right.
Maybe there's some specific way to order it.
Thirty-nine... No, I can do more! I can pay up to 40 million dollars!
This Pokémon here won't move from in front of the case, and I can't see the items inside.
Impossible.
You know what a bridge is, right? It's where they control the ship.
I think it's best if the two of you take a break, even if it's just for a little bit.
Remaining: 51 million
Krrrrrok!
Did you notice anything odd happen while you were on the bridge?
She did, huh! I knew we could trust these Pokémon! Let's hear what they have to say!
Forty-eight million.
Oh, that must have been a hassle!
Skorupi! Keep them busy!
Oh, thank you very much!
About Gino
Rattata!
Twenty-three million.
If only we could get past the dress code.
No kidding. We don't know what kind of tricks Keith might have up his sleeve, so let's be on our guard.
Krok!
Rattata!
Frillll.
Pokémon cry (You there! Hold on one moment!)
Whew, much better! Sometimes an iced coffee is just the thing.
Gino
Is this some kinda joke? I don't know this Pokémon! And what is the mask doing here?
Snub.
I think so.
Wait, one of your balloons popped and splashed a person with water when you were playing with Lapras? What exactly happened?
What? Are the recipes that big of a deal?
Yeah, the Henry Brothers were regarded as the best chefs in the world. But their recipes were lost and have become something of a legend.
Well, yes... You see, the mask has gone missing.
Remaining: 14 million
Yeah, I'm OK. Thank you for the rescue!
Yeah, and he's muttering to himself, too.
That suit looks so good on you! You remind me of when my husband was young. Even Pikachu's complimenting you, see?
So Snubbull is the Pokémon that the crew member was talking about.
What? You want some trouble or something?
Nos nos-pa.
Hey there. You after the cape, too?
Did you find out anything about the show?
Yeah, judging from everything they have here, this must be a storage room of some kind.
Well, yes, but it was a great way to get some time to think.
Some cold water splashed onto your head when the mask was out of your view?
When I stepped out into the hallway after delivering my report, I noticed it was wet.
Skip bid
Let's be careful, Tim. OK?
How many sugar cubes?
Remaining: 69 million
About the necklace
Brio!
Right.
Thirty-nine million.
Heh heh heh—lookin' good, Tim.
We should head back to the bridge. We need to get that ticket.
Pikachu, calm down!
Mr. Goodman! We found this in Keith's room.
Frillll!
About competitors
Four
Forty-eight million.
Increase by three million dollars
Hmm... To be honest, all Frillish look the same to me.
Twenty-five million.
Yeah. I'd forgotten in all the excitement, but we haven't eaten anything since we snuck into that factory.
Ms. Milton, we should have one of the crew check around for your suitcase. I think it must have been accidentally swapped with someone else's.
You're not getting away this time, Keith!
Impossible!
Water? It doesn't seem like there'd be a leak anywhere here...
The lounge is so spacious—I love it! It's very relaxing.
Please show me!
The balloon was empty, but when it popped a Pokémon suddenly appeared from inside? And the person got splashed when that Pokémon fell into the pool...
Give it a break, Pikachu. I know I look weird.
About the luxury cruise ship
Nothing on the bridge, no... The only thing out of the ordinary today happened while I was taking a break in the lounge, when the Pokémon next to me spilled its juice. That's about it, really.
*grunt* Here I go! *grunt*
This place is big enough as it is, and now you're telling me there are multiple floors?!
About the suitcase
Hey there, isn't this ship wonderful? It's the perfect place to spend time with my girlfriend.
Pokémon cry (Roger that!)
Twenty-six million.
About the suitcase
So the mask, the ticket, and the note all disappeared, huh?
Thank you very much!
Begin the auction
The captain and Nosepass should be able to tell us some interesting things.
Hah, got it! She's going to bid up to 40 million, Tim!
Frillll?
So you've been on this ship a lot.
Nineteen million.
Yeah.
Let's see... I'm sorry to say Electric-type moves won't have an effect on Krokorok. Pikachu will be at a disadvantage in battle.
I think that case has a necklace in it. But why has it taken a shine to the necklace?
Let's head back to the lounge and meet up with Emilia.
Oh, I don't know yet. I was thinking I'd wait to see it for myself before I made up my mind.
Now we just need to select the number of each drink. One of each, right? Once you've got it down, hand the order sheet to Frillish.
Remaining: 50 million
Twenty million.
Whew, that's a lifesaver! Once we're done gathering testimony, let's get some coffee, Tim!
Yes... You're probably right. I'll let the captain know immediately.
What was Gino's objective?
Oh, I may have just seen those people. They went up the stairs behind me.
R
So wait, there was a Pokémon in an empty balloon? How is that possible?
Is there anything you would like to know, sir? Please feel free to ask me any questions you may have regarding the auction.
Remaining: 13 million
About the luxury cruise ship
Thank you for getting my suitcase back, Tim.
Oh, you're in charge of serving the lounge, including the second floor, alone? That sounds rough.
Yeah, a detective's gotta be tough.
Welcome, everyone. I have a very special item to offer you.
About the luxury cruise ship
And that's unusual?
Forty million.
Place order
Huh?
Yeah.
*laugh* Have fun with the Krokorok!
There's a show at the pool, and you'll be performing, too, huh? When is it gonna be?
Got it.
Remaining: 49 million
I come on board from time to time because Ninetales seems to enjoy it. So much space!
Could I ask you...to take a look?
There were a few people who came and went before the incident. Of course there was you, and then two members of the crew.
That's good... Now you've fulfilled your promise, all we need to do is wait for Inspector Holiday to get information about Dad from Keith.
Is this your family, Ms. Milton?
Forty-nine million.
Hmmm? 
But you did run into an unusual customer. What do you mean?
Everyone wants to see what they're going to bid for up close. So your rivals should be around the display cases.
Oh well. That's too bad.
Yes?
About the luxury cruise ship
Still trying to play innocent, aren't ya! Tell him what we know, Tim!
Thanks.
Hate to disappoint you, but you won't be getting any information out of me.
Wah!
I'm glad. It seems really happy.
It seems like the mask that was in the suitcase was stolen.
Thank you very much!
Hmm... I'm really sorry, but I don't know much about the shows myself.
What should we do?
Frillll!
Yes?
Yeah, a detective's gotta be tough. But did you just put sugar in your coffee? We're about to face off against Keith. You need to be more hard-boiled!
I hear it's a show you can only see on this ship! I admit I'm curious, but... they say tickets are impossible to come by. I've never really tried to get one.
This is the astonishing chemical R. It will draw out the full power...of your Pokémon.
Frillll.
Yes, of course.
Yeah, you're right. I've got to see it for myself.
Thanks for the lesson.
I think it likes the way the jewels sparkle. We might be able to get it to move if we show it another shiny thing?
Hm?
About the Frillish that brought the book
Forty-nine million.
Hmm... There's an awful lot of strange things goin' on on this ship!
The thing is, Tim... It seems like I haven't fully kept my promise just yet.
But we might be able to find out a little about what the room will be used for. There's a cruise newspaper. It has a schedule of all the events that occur on this ship!
Fifty million.
Hey! That's not it!
He was trying to order something that wasn't on the menu, and he was so persistent you had to chase him away. What was he trying to order?
Wait, the captain?
About the competitors' money
The bridge is on the top floor.
About the usual Frillish
Fifty-one million.
Frillll.
The violin's been pulled from the lineup! This has never happened before.
About the competitors' personalities
Oh, that might be helpful. Let's have a look.
Are you sure you're done? We've still got things to ask.
Gino... You boarded this ship for a reason. To achieve your goal, isn't that right?
Yeah, a detective's gotta be tough. But seriously—iced tea? We're about to face off against Keith. You need to be more hard-boiled!
Shaaaaaan?
Not only will R give your Pokémon tremendous power, but it will leave behind absolutely no trace at all once its effects are over.
Yeah, a detective's gotta be tough. But did you really have to order juice? We're about to face off against Keith. You need to be more hard-boiled!
Place order
I see.
Fifty million.
Remaining: 48 million
That is kinda strange...
About the auction
Pleasure to meet you. My name is Gino. You know Mr. Graham, correct?
The Prime Treasure Show? I didn't realize this ship had anything like that. Sorry, I don't know much about it, though. I'm not really interested in the events here.
Thanks, Pikachu.
Right.
You can reach the bridge by the elevator inthe second floor of the lounge. Well then, Mr. Graham, I'll see you again when we have our interview.
Oh yes, I do remember seeing the mask. I was told not to touch it. It must have been very valuable.
You got this! You know who did it.
Briooo.
Ninety million dollars?!
Remaining: 33 million
I guess we can take this elevator, then.
This cape is a rare find, that's for sure...
You don't know? He said he wanted a book?
Humans cannot be trusted. I've told you this. It seems you have forgotten that, as well.
You'd be wise to think carefully about how much you bid. There are three chances to bid on each item, and you're allowed to raise your bid by set amounts: three million, five million, and 10 million.
Don't act so surprised, Tim! They're gonna get suspicious!
Increase by five million dollars
What in the world happened? My Cinccino are terrified.
How about who received the book from the Frillish?
Yes, it is. It was the top floor, so we don't get any waves or anything... It could be the captain spilled a drink, I guess.
Right, her hand-drawn Pokédex! Let's see if she'll let us have a look. To the lounge!
Pokémon cry
Twenty-eight million.
What's wrong, Tim? We need to check those documents!
One of Brionne's balloons popped and got water all over a man who was standing nearby. Nothing like this has ever happened before.
Remaining: 68 million
About the show
May I help you?
Hmmm... Oh! That's it!
What?! I've got a bad feeling about this... The document we found said, "All required information will be provided." Right?
About the auction hall
Oh dear! Who could do such a thing?
Yes, I've had the pleasure of meeting him.
Well...even the captain didn't know anything about it. But we did manage to get some new information. The suitcase had a note in it.
Whaddaya mean by that?
What's this?
S.S. Prime Treasure
Don't worry, we're all OK. But if something does happen, we're counting on you to protect Emilia.
Thirty-five million.
It sounds like it's a suit you need? Maybe my husband's jacket would workfor you?
About this place
It makes it more rewarding? Huh, that's a good attitude to have.
Hold on, Tim! Since we finally have some nice coffee, when we have some time, we should head to the deck and enjoy the view of the ocean while we drink it.
Yeah, a detective's gotta be tough. ...And I've gotta be honest—I've never seen anyone put sugar in juice before.
Can I please just drink what I want?
Yes, there were two crew members.
What in the world is going on? I should have left as soon as I was done bidding on what I wanted.
*gasp*
A note?
Hey, there's a crew member. Let's ask where we can find the elevators.
Place order
The secret auction
How am I supposed to know something about a guy who went and got himself into an accident? I can't imagine he'd be alive after going off that cliff, though.
Good luck. I'll always be happy to help if you need anything.
Yeah, let's see what's in it.
If Keith is going to show up, it'll be when they introduce R. I'll have my camera ready.
I see...
That is odd. Thank you very much for your time.
Perfect!
Why would Gino want that? Think back to what he told us.
Hey there! Guard duty, eh? Keep up the good work!
Prime Treasure Auction Information Please be sure to have your ticket with you. The dress code is semiformal.
Twenty-one million.
They must use these chains to hold the containers in place.
Keith ran off toward the lounge!
Frillll.
Where did the water come from?
The floor was wet, huh... That does seem strange.
Pokémon cry (Whee!)
Remaining: 67 million
Men with luggage? No, doesn't ring a bell.
Forty-one million.
Kurr.
Hey, are you sure you counted both of them?
Oh, tomorrow, huh... I don't think I'll be able to watch. Well, good luck!
What in the world?
Hold on, the note mentioned yellow deckchairs, not the blue ones. Make sure you count the yellow deck chairs!
About Pikachu's clothing
Oh, that I can tell you. It was that lady on the deck chair across from here—the one with the Cinccino.
Fifty-one million.
You're welcome.
It says "Leading up to the finale." Let's give it a read.
Wah! OK, OK! We'll leave, but can we ask you a quick question? Did two guys carrying some luggage come through this way?
One was in charge of steering the ship until I arrived. The other came to make a regular report and left as soon as he was done.
Right!
It seems like a schedule for inspection duty.
Nospa.
Yes, please do.
Have a look at that suitcase, too.
Yes?
Briiiooo!
Remaining: 12 million
Let's talk to Rose.
Remaining: 32 million
Right! Let's go after him!
It's very pretty. I wonder if it was stolen from someone, too.
Right! Let's head after them.
Yes, I've been here and there. I still like Ryme City, though. It's a nice city.
Twenty-two million.
Cheri Berry juice
Fifty-three million.
We need to go in search of R! Let's head to the lounge.
Trying to order a book... Whoever it was making that mysterious order could be the owner of the suitcase.
Five
Oh, you're not a waiter? Sorry about that.
Where are those two now?
Oh, what's up? Is there some kinda problem?
Let's see... I'm counting five yellow deck chairs on the right side.
I assume you were thinking about recipes?
Are you sure? But it must be very special to you.
Huh?
Thank you very much.
About the men with the luggage
Sure, sounds good.
What—don't tell me you don't know what "dress code" means. It's basically telling us how we're supposed to dress up. So for this auction, we won't be able to get in unless we're wearing a suit and tie, and— Wait, auction?
According to Mewtwo, we're not done retrieving all of those cells.
Twenty-three million.
Oh! Speaking of the bridge, while I was on the deck, one of our passengers wanted to know when my next trip up to the bridge would be.
Six
Hey, are you sure? We still haven't found out about all the participants' personalities, or how much money they have. We'll have a rough time winning the bid. Do you still want to participate now?
Oh, yes, that's a picture of my husband, back when we were young. That was his favorite jacket—he would always wear it for special occasions and outings.
I have an appointment with the captain at the bridge later on.
Tim! That was great work!
Oooh, you mean that show? ...No, I don't know anything.
Mmm...
Pokémon cry (YAAAAAAAH)(Both at the same time)
Oh, it's fine. I'm happy to helpyou out!
Let's check out that mask.
Did you need anything?
About the interview with the captain
So Gino said he got splashed at the pool. Was there testimony that might be related to that in some way?
About the auction
Rattata!
What? It'll be a hassle if we're seen by someone. Let's not linger too long.
Thirty million.
You're right. I think we've seen what we can here. Let's go find our seats.
How about my earrings, then? I hope it likes them.
So you'll be conducting the interview.
Exactly. Gino told us he was trying to re-create the recipes of the Henry Brothers. If the recipe book is real, he's got every reason to want it.
That's so cute! Even Pikachu was worried about you.
They're probably hanging around the lounge.
Even though you're the captain...?
Pokémon cry (You there, with the weird look!)
I can't make up my mind. I'll order later.
Excuse me...
Let's see... The event in that room is... the Prime Treasure Show!
Sight-seeing
I don't know what you mean. I came for a vacation, not to achieve a goal.
Hmm, I think that just about does it. What a strange situation.
Are the Cinccino behind you your partners?
Kroko!
About the man next to him
Come on! Are you messin' around with me?
We need to follow those guys. Let's get out of here.
Forty-two million.
The best? It's that good?
Thirty-three million.
I think I'll head back to my room, too. Thank you for everything, Tim. Please stop by if you have time. I'd love your company.
What can I do for you?
About the auction
So the case of the switched-out suitcase and the location of R have both led us to one place—the Prime Treasure Show! Let's talk to the captain and get that ticket!
S-sorry, it's just a lot of money...
Oh, there's a show like that on this ship? I didn't know!
*grunt*
Don't listen to him. I survived it...and I'm sure Harry did, too.
Huh? What're you saying?
What?! Does that mean there are some of Mewtwo's cells out there somewhere?
Still, you spilled your juice? You're clumsier than I thought!
Fifty-five million.
Apparently it's a "Detective's Cape."
I wish I could try it on. I bet I'd look absolutely dashing.
Yes. It had a few things written on it, but one of the things was the Prime Treasure Show.
That's right. The Henry Brothers' recipes to be precise. I've almost got it... If I succeed in re-creating them, it will gain the attention of every gourmet in the world.
About the show
Remaining: 66 million
About when the incident occurred
Thirty-six million.
You're searching for Keith, right? Is there anything you want to know?
Place order
For now, let's focus on what we can do.
It's the deck plan—the map of this ship.
Yeah...and we need to find them before something awful happens. To get things going, let's see what Keith had in his room.
Fifty-six million.
Hmmm? I never heard anything like that before! Oh yeah... I knew you were the tedious type...
Was there someone like that? I didn't notice.
Gino must have scraped money together— counting on that mask selling for a good price to give him a boost. He must have been really desperate to get that recipe book.
About the Detective's Cape
Twenty-four million.
Snub!
Sitrus Berry juice
Frillll?
So Gino stole the suitcase because he wanted the ticket? But how did he know the ticket would be in that bag?
If the mastermind's at GNN, would they spread R at GNN? That doesn't fit the conditions, either, does it?
How dare you?! Let go of me!
Frillll.
About the suitcase
It's worth looking into, anyway. Hey, Frillish! What was this guy like?
About the mask
The one responsible for the missing item...is a certain Pokémon.
Fifty-eight million.
Oho! That's quite a scoop, Tim! A stolen mask and a mysterious show! This whole suitcase incident is just full of surprises!
Take that!
I've heard there's a book with all of their recipes in it...
There was a wet Pokémon in the lounge
About Keith
Increase by 10 million dollars
Excuse me. Did you happen to see a lady with Cinccino on this floor?
That must also have been stolen from somewhere. We need to recover it! Think back to the information we've gathered, and plan your bids carefully. I'm counting on you, Tim! We've got to win this bid!
Everyone's just lying around, and nobody seems to want to go for a swim? Adults are like that, you know.
My husband seems very disappointed that the mask's been pulled from the lineup.
Remaining: 31 million
About the luxury cruise ship
Yeah. You're right!
Oh yes, they are! I'm glad you could tell. Aren't they adorable? We've even won some Pokémon Contests before!
Hm? What can I do for you?
I'd like to get the cape, but the man next to me is going after it, so I think I'll give it a pass.
Welcome.
Seven
About the mask
Thanks, Emilia. Hey, Chandelure! How about these? They're nice and shiny!
Pikachu?! What are you doing—at a time like this! Keith is next! Hurry up and put your mask back on!
I think it's more likely that the suitcase is actually Gino's. This theft could just be his reclaiming the contents of his own bag. We should find out what Gino is up to. Let's ask Emilia and Graham first.
It's an elegant experience. I love it.
*struggle*
Mmm-hmm...
About Snubbull
That's so nice of you!
Definitely a flashy name, don't you think? I've seen the name mentioned in the ship's newspaper, but I don't know what kind of show it is.
All right. Now, how many drinks do we want?
Right! Let's go talk to that lady relaxing on a deck chair!
If we want to win the bids, we need to have a plan. We can only make a good plan once we know the personalities of the participants, as well as how much money they have to bid. You got that?
Fifty-three million.
Yes, although Mr. Graham seems to want to ask about the incident.
Remaining: 65 million
We should head to the lounge.
Can I help you?
Kroook!
It's "Leading up to the finale."
Hey, Tim?!
Who'd have thought it was the stolen mask? Who on earth brought it on board? The case you're following is very interesting, but I admit this case is also intriguing.
Rattata! Rattata!
Oh, I see. You've got a lot of food, and you've also made a good friend, huh? Huh? Wait, have we met you before...?
That's what it says, yeah. So there wasn't going to be a show in that room at all. It's an auction! Look! It says this is the lineup for the auction. "Detective's Cape "Henry Brothers' Recipe Book "Mask of Antiquity"...
Thirty-five million.
Forty million.
Oh, he's a friend of mine. I'll go look for him.
It doesn't look like it is, does it?
*gasp* Emilia! What are you doing here?!
Can I help you?
There was a loud noise, and when I turned to look at the pool, there was this man who was soaking wet. He headed upstairs just like that.
Place order
Have Pikachu scope things out
You didn't spill the juice? It was someone else's fault? What are you talking about?
I've got it!
Frillll.
About the other Frillish
Hmm?
Whoa, that's an impressive name. What kind of show is it?
You sure about that? I think the reason you're here is for the secret auction.
Skip bid
About Gino
How many drinks?
There is an interview on the bridge
Got it. Thank you very much.
Yes?
Thirteen million.
Could you tell us where the elevators are? We're trying to get to the bridge.
Oh yeah, there was someone like that here a minute ago. She was standing right there looking down at something.
Keith sure has some nerve planning to smuggle R on a luxury cruise like this.
Yes
Perhaps some of you in the audience will recall the accident that happened a year ago at Fine Park. That accident was in fact caused by R.
It's still on your mind, too, isn't it?
Let's head to the lounge and speak to the two crew members.
I would say that all of you are the tedious ones. I will simplify things...
I guess we should see what they have to say, huh?
It's wonderful... Gorgeous... I must win the bid and complete my great detective collection!
It looks like Keith hasn't arrived yet.
We should place our order with a Frillish that's carrying a tray? Oh, the ones we saw on the deck and around the lounge.
Oh no! I've got to do something right away!
Pokémon cry (You seem shady. Get lost!)
Let's ask around about the show in this lounge.
Come to think of it... it seems like the owner of this suitcase is also interested in that show. When I had a good look through the suitcase, I found a strange note.
Whaddaya talking about? Why would you say I look shady?! It's not true. You're very rude!
Yeah... OK, let's look together. Yet I can't believe there's still some R hidden somewhere...
Looks like there are two yellow deck chairs on the left.
Sixty million.
What do you see, Tim?
Yeah, I'll do my best!
What?
About the show
I will be offering today the recipes long thought to have been lost forever... That's right, the Henry Brothers' Recipe Book!
Then prove it? Ha, you asked for it!
I can simply destroy everythingwith this.
Sha...?
I don't doubt that the mask is involved in this somehow, but there's something that's more important. Remember what Gino told us?
I won't let you escape, Keith!*grunt*
I don't know anything about that. I'm really not interested in events or anything.
Briooo.
Remaining: 30 million
Hey, isn't that mask the one we were just looking at? The owner of that suitcase must have intended to put the mask up for bid!
No! Wait, wait, wait!
Twenty-five million.
Aren't you hot, dressed like that?
Remaining: 29 million
Yeah, no sign of a guy with a ponytail. What's with the bizarre atmosphere of this place anyway? Tim, over here!
It says to write how much sugar we want.
Oh, wow! This is impressive!
About the items up for bid
Yeah... That hall has got to be hiding something. I mean, nobody's seen the show at all!
I still can't believe a crime could be committed on an elegant ship like this. I've never even seen a mask like that, though. I wonder if it really was a stolen item?
*gasps of shock*
Here, let me come along, too. I'll carry the suitcase.
I see Lapras, and deck chairs, and... well, everything around the pool, I guess.
That's the recipe book! We should try to recover it.
*struggle* Stop! If I let go, you'll be goin' down with me, too, ya know!
I see... So you only have three chances to raise your bid.
About Tim's clothing
Four
I'm here for work. Apparently, watching the parade from this ship is popular among celebrities. But what brought you guys here?
No
But the mask is a stolen item...
Yes, the case still hasn't been solved. I'm going to go ahead and ask about the parade like I'd planned, but Gino was interested in the mask, so he'll be coming with us to the bridge.
I've told Mr. Graham I'll be helping investigate R. He says GNN is happy to help in any way.
You don't know? Oh, I get it. You can't look up, can you...
Fifty-five million.
What was this person like?
Oh, thank you, dear. You really are kind. Maybe we should go to the lounge first.
Snub... Snub...
*struggle*
What? An unusual Pokémon fell into the pool and someone got splashed? Which Pokémon is this unusual Pokémon?
I use it for traveling. It had all of my clothing and personal items.
Remaining: 28 million
Can I help you?
You stopped me back then as well. The real you, that is.
I'm counting on you, Pikachu!
We're still on the trail of Keith. The clues led us here.
What?
Wait up, Pikachu! Emilia, be careful, all right?
Everything is super luxurious!
That was a bizarre note in the suitcase.
Huh? But what would Keith have to do withthis cruise?
It was the famous chef Gino. He made a point to double-check the time, even after I had told him. He made it seem like it was something very important.
I can't say much... I think the barista at the café there probably knows more about Frillish than I do.
Yeah, I wonder if it's related to the mask in some way?
Pokémon cry (Aagh...)(Both at the same time)
About the money for bidding
Increase by three million dollars
I know. There's so much we don't know.
Five
Six
Hey, that necktie looks great on him, too.
When was the last time you opened it?
Briooo.
Oh, you can get to the bridge by using the elevators here in front of us. This floor has elevators on its left and right sides, but either one will get you there!
Frillll. Frillll.
Cooking
I was having a closer look at the suitcase, so that I could give the police an accurate description. I noticed there was a note inside. It said something about the Prime Treasure Show.
Fril?
Lucky you, Tim!
It's almost certain they've carried R into the hall, but...we need more information. I don't think talking to people is going to get us anything new, though. We should meet up with Emilia.
About the luxury cruise ship
That's right. And in the end, the person with the highest amount wins.
About the luxury cruise ship
Frillll.
Fifty-six million.
Huh? Hey, you were the one on the deck!
Remaining: 47 million
Hey, don't we need that container, too?
Let's hurry to the bridge!
It could be some kind of secret code that lets you get into the show. We still don't know what kind of show it is, but we might be able to find out more if we follow what the note says. Hmm... There was one thing on the note we can start investigating immediately, right?
Allow me to explain. In an auction, each participant puts a price on the item they wish to purchase. The item will then go to the person who bids the highest amount.
Can I help you?
Oh, Tim...
Pokémon cry (You're not getting through!)(both at same time)
*laugh* Huh...
I wish we knew where they're going to disperse R.
I agree, but somehow hearing this guy say it annoys me.
Sorry to not be more help. All the shows are planned by the committee.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
Leave it to me! That cape is mine.
Meiko and I are working separately this time. I'm in charge of covering this ship. I'm mostly done, though. The only thing left is an interview!
Surprised
About the room guarded by Krokorok
...
Pokémon? But how? The captain has assured us that he didn't see anything.
By that railing?
Hmm? What's she talking about?
About this café
Right, let's get going!
*scream*
Their fur is so fluffy and glossy... Huh? What? Do you have a problem with my fur or something, Tim?
I'm sorry to hear that...
He's a tough one and always goes for broke when bidding on things he wants. He always raises the bid by 10 million as long as he has the money, and things get way too expensive for me really quickly.
Fifteen million.
Nah, it doesn't have the mark. It's just food.
Yeah. You can see the whole first floor from there.
The Prime Treasure Show
About the interviews
Right! Nothing suspicious entered or left the room.
Oh... A mask...?
It was placed in front of Nosepass. Actually, Nosepass seemed to really like the mask. It was staring at it constantly.
Sorry, do you have a moment? I'd like to ask you about how things seemed on the bridge.
I somehow didn't think you'd know much about romance, Tim.
So there isn't anyone here who saw the show either, huh...
Hee hee, well, I'm actually relieved.
Remaining: 46 million
Pokémon cry (Whee!)
You shouldn't be so reckless... You scared me.
Leading up to the finale
Yes
They went inside?!
I agree. She might be done with her work.
Emilia!
I'm afraid that you must be mistaken.
About the auction
About the show
First thing is the proper type of drink.
Those crew members had some interesting things to say...
I don't know yet, but I promise I'll capture whoever it is and get your suitcase back.
But why ask me?
You were the one who told me that the humanworld could be tedious... which is why I trusted you to take care of thingsfor me. But...now it seems that there are some humans who can be dependable.
About the dispersal locations
Yeah. I'll let you know if I see anyone suspicious.
I didn't say anything!
The Henry Brothers were truly brilliant. Their meals were loved by Pokémon and people. Between you and me...I'm close to re-creating one of their recipes!
Hey there. Are you OK? Things have certainly taken a strange turn...
Surprised
Sixty-three million.
Calm down, Pikachu.
Rattata!
This should be it, then!
Pokémon cry (Hee hee hee!)
About R
Sixteen million.
Well, the captain told us you had gone to the bridge, so...
Remaining: 64 million
He was lying around as if he owned the place? And he was blue?
About the luxury cruise ship
Huh? Why is that?
Yeah, this is no ordinary auction. It's almost like a black market. Huh...? Tim, take a look! R's on this list, too!
I wonder what kind of place it is... The hall is on the second floor of the lounge, behind the door guarded by Krokorok, right?
Ah, I see. I did indeed go to the bridge earlier. Has something happened?
Are you ready? It's Keith's turn to be onstage.
Let's gather testimony about Gino from Emiliaand Graham.
Do you always participate in the auction?
An interview? With who?
A secret auction?! Wh-what are you talking about?
Sorry about earlier. I was just kidding around.
It worked, Pikachu!
*growl* These goons wouldn't know style if it hit 'em over the head. Tim, show them our tickets!
That's right. They should let us through if we show them this ticket.
Yes! We've got a great view of the first floor from here.
Hm?
Whatever it is, I'm glad the captain has it. He'll keep it safe.
His hobby
That's what Snubbull was saying—there was a wet Pokémon at the lounge.
Do you think we could have a look?
Oh, but... He said in exchange, he wants an interview with you once the case is solved...
Mmm-hmm...
Here you are.
I'm sorry...
Yeah. We need to count the umbrellas and the yellow deck chairs, right? We should remember to check both the left and the right side when we count.
Thank you.
Hold on a minute, Tim. There's still something we should look into.
Huh?!
Forty-three million.
Yeah. It's also weird that nobody is able to get tickets.
Remaining: 45 million
Oh, yes...that show... My girlfriend wanted to see it, so I tried to get tickets when I booked our reservation. Even then, we didn't manage to get seats. If anyone would be willing to part with their ticket, I'd pay anything they asked.
No
Did I order a book from Frillish? No. Ordering a book from Frillish... I've never heard of such a thing!
