About liquids
"They've offered quite a large amount. I need the capital to continue this research. Luckily the efficacy of the substance meets their request."
It's a beaker.
Things were pretty rough, huh?
But I'm sure we're getting closer to the truth! I'm glad I have you around.
The mysterious Pokémon was Gengar.
Now that you bring it up...I'll double-check.
About ghost stories
August 26, 4:21 p.m.
So, today's the television shoot. How're you doing?
What? She was close, and I thought I had to protect her!
(What goes on around you doesn't bother you? Any environment will do, I guess. Impressive.)
Everyone, quiet please!

About the ghost stories
Fennekin!
Yeah, I didn't see any vials in it.
When you "turned around, it was gone," so you "didn't get a chance to see what it looked like," huh.
That's right, the research log. According to the date and time, the culprit was in the basement when we came to PCL.
But still, Gengar has managed to get away from us once again. Our big challenge now is to figure out how to stop it from doing that.
How about that! It's the juice you've been waiting for.
Whaaa!
Trevenant!
He came back out.
Fennekin.
Solo!
About Gengar
About friends
Yeah, great to be here, too! This seems like a fun place, Tim.
She's right. Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
Tim! Let's finish this. Tell him what we know.
Duosiooon!
This tree doesn't have any Berries.
And then he went to the courtyard. That's when he locked the door, the sneaky fellow.
Great, I'll do that. However... since I'm researching Pokémon cells, I'd prefer it if your healthy-looking Pikachu helps me out with something. Do you think he would be willing to soak in a tank for about a month or so?
You have a lot of twigs to eat? I guess that's good.
Solo!
About the incident in the courtyard
Klefki! Klefki!
That's impressive! I guess that's what they mean by "ferment."
About her superiors
Yes, the staff and Pokémon are all fine.
Of course! Maybe she caught something on camera! Good idea, Tim!
I wonder what it is. According to this... "○ is Shuckle, △ is Rotom, □ is Fennekin,
I'm researching energy. Building a motor like this one. An efficient motor that can take a tiny amount of power and turn it into much more!
We've found the map, so let's have a seat on the sofa and wait for the director.
Ah, you hid in your shell. Good thinking. I'm glad you're safe!
Who knows? If that's your task, you should figure it out yourself.
So from now on, I'd like you to let me know before you go rushing off to investigate something!
It's locked. According to the map, this is the director's office.
"Research on the Illusion Ability of Zorua. Understanding the mechanisms of the Illusion Ability is incredibly important.
Yep! No big deal. Let's see what it has to say.
You won't let in people you don't trust, eh?
I just saw someone I didn't recognize. Do you know anything about it?
We'll take this man into custody. The police will be handling the matter from here on out.
Yeah, I'm excited! Let's give them a show, Garbodor!
What? The shelf in the middle of the library? There are books with yellow, blue, green, andred symbols on their spines?
Yeah, great weather.
About other Pokémon
Yes, but this is beyond bad. Our experiments are ruined.
(It's good at telepathy and bores you to tears with its prattle, and you want to talk more with it? Man, you never make any sense.)
I'm developing medicine. I use Shuckle's ability to create drinkable medicines. Shuckle's in the courtyard, and that's where we get the Berries for my experiments, too, so if we can't get in, I can't get any work done!
Garbo gar!
"It would allow us to change the interior of rooms at a whim and change our clothing in an instant. The possibilities for the entertainment industry are also many."
Today's the television shoot! How're you doing?
Duosiooon!
We're not here to play, Pikachu!
Pokémon Comprehensive Laboratory, right? It's that laboratory on the mountain pass. I've bought a Pokémon supplement before that I heard was developed by PCL.
There's a fire extinguisher in there.
Pokémon cry: What's up?
I know how you feel, but...isn't there some better evidence?
The design is very beautiful.
But the information we got here isn't enough to prove it on its own. We need one last piece of evidence.
(I wonder if this flower is some secret ingredient for medicine...)
The shoot?!
About the television shoot
That's another case solved. Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Do you ever talk to Garbodor?
And the humidity on the day you roast, so you adjust the roast time.
About the secret device in the library
What's wrong? The director will be here soon, so please, have a seat on one of the sofas.
All sorts of chemicals. I wonder if Nina made them.
This is Pablo's piano. Looks like he takes good care of it.
This sure is a creepy place.
Tim, don't tell me you confused this guy for me, did you?
It shows region borders, along with what Pokémon live in each area!
A last piece of evidence?
About work
the resulting medicine has a different effect than what I had anticipated."
Gen gen!
Partially used chemicals.
What? When did you look?! Wow, skills of a great detective!
(Today, there's going to be a television shoot. But, well, I guess that doesn't bother you.)
Come on, Tim! Let's have a look at that video.
Do WHA—?!
Some scales. It says that they're fully waterproof.
Shuckle.
What's with this guy? I bet he just doesn't know.
That's where we keep our valuable samples and reports.
Yeah, we need evidence that the culprit was in this room at that time. There's a place we can go to check on that outside of this room.
Dorothy
Not even a backwards glance for me...
Oh, so you're looking after the trees.
It's neatly organized.
(Perfectly fine? If anything, it's even better than outside?)
It would be bad for us to go in on our own. Let's wait for the director.
What? You'll put out as much poison gas as you can? Hey now...
Uh, this Pikachu looks a lot like you.
What's this? There's something written next to the chart.
That's right. There's going to be a TV crew here tomorrow.
Let's follow Fridge.
Tim and Pikachu! Good to see you today, too.
Thank you. I believe I've solved the Trevenant rampage case.
I guess it's a toolbox.
I'm not holding my breath, but the best of luck catching that mysterious Pokémon or whatever.
For real?! Is it possible?
TV? This is the first I've heard of it.
Is it this one?
Sorry!
Let's go tell Dorothy what the mysterious Pokémon was.
Huh, so it buries itself in the mud to rest.
"◇ is Trevenant, ▽ is Floette, and ☆ is Garbodor."
What?! You see it all the time? What in the world is it?

Fennekin!
Phantump?
This must be the corner Dorothy was talking about. There's a lot of old PCL material.
This reminds me of a spy movie.
*breathing*
Uh, how did you know that?
Thank you very much. Carlos, I expected more.
Yes. If we can figure out how to borrow some of Rotom's energy.
Huh?
Tim! I just finished my lunch, so I'll be outside.
It doesn't look like we'll be able to get in until Dorothy comes back.
Oh, I get it! This is a chart for the passcode! Once we solve the problem, we replace Pokémon with the appropriate symbol and input that to the machine.
Shuckle.
Oh! There you are!
The staff here don't seem to know anything about the mysterious Pokémon.
The founding of PCL
Are you saying someone tampered with Trevenant's food?
Apparently it can curse people—and even use hypnosis.
Any clues about the Pokémon?
Garbodor's experiment
Fridge
What are you thinking, Pikachu?
Hmm... Oh, I know! Maybe if you sneak up on it from behind and jump on it, you'll be able to capture it!
That must be the case.
Now, now.
Huh, it can hide inside shadows, too. What's this? It says here, "A room with Gengar in it is about 10 degrees colder."
Oh! Hey, Nina! You're here! I wanted to show Tim how the garbage just disappears.
Nina's ghost stories
Yeah.
Hmmm... The research log, the vial... Who could run experiments at that time...?
Hey, could we have a look at the footage from the surveillance cameras?
Can I help you?
Whoa, you're chipper.
Duosiooon!
We found it, but it managed to escape. Do you know how we might catch Gengar?
You've been doing great work since yesterday, Tim. Thanks for solving the mystery for us.
In exchange for a nice cloud of poison gas! You shouldn't show it off so much. Especially since we can't go to the courtyard for fresh air.
We want to get into the storeroom. It's somewhere in Building B, right?
No! That's not right!
About Shuckle
Have Tim investigate?
Meiko isn't with you today?
Now we can search all the rooms. Let's look for that vial.
About Wallace
About the television shoot
Press it
It likes to have visitors here. It seems happy to see you, Tim.
Yeah, and if one of them is the culprit, they wouldn't tell me anything anyway.
Gen.
Sorry to bother you. We need some of Solosis's culture solution for Nina's experiment.
We've got you now! So you might as well give up!
Duosiooon.
Hmmm, it's locked.
So, I need to go to the courtyard?
What? Are you leaving? That's the lobby over there. My laboratory's over this way.
So, you're the Tim I've been hearing so much about! Baker mentioned you morethan a few times.
Oh, is Nina starting her experiment back up? Maybe I'll go see it later.
Indeed. Someone's using it as a mug.
Hey! That's Carlos coming in!
About recent events
Don't press it
All that talk about trust, but I get the feeling it really just wanted some juice. Sorry to bug you while you're enjoying yourself, but could you open the door for us like you promised?
Well, after what happened in the courtyard, Dorothy came and had a word with Wallace. I do understand what Wallace is saying, but he's too extreme.
Do you know who the culprit is?
Thank you very much!
It's a report. I wonder if she's organizing her research results.
"I built the basement so I would have a more stable environment to conduct experiments in. As expected, being underground has made my work easier due to a more stable temperature. And yet, I can't seem to achieve the kind of results I am aiming for.
What kind of Pokémon is Garbodor?
Yeah, we need to find evidence to prove our innocence! This is a good time to do some investigation on the incident with Glalie, too.
About the courtyard
Hey there, Tim! Today's the day of the shoot! Even Garbodor is excited.
According to the map, this is the storeroom, but it's locked.
What kind of liquid should I use?
Nina
Pokémon Cry (ha ha ha)
What's this? Are you suggesting the real culprit used a Pokémon to hide the leftovers, thereby destroying the evidence?
It's locked.
Oh...
Does Pablo sing, too?
The culture solution for Nina's experiments? Ah, Solosis's cells may have some effect. Feel free to take what you need.
Hmph, Gengar is a Ghost-type Pokémon, so catching it will be difficult! It's beyond my expertise, I'm afraid.
There's a mysterious Pokémon running around this facility, and I think it caused Trevenant to go berserk. Did you see anything come this way?
We have to get some of Shuckle's juice for Klefki.
You always talk about coffee, so I guess I learned from you. It sure takes a lot of technique!
Yes
Others
Yes... I wanted them to see our facility as it is on a typical day. Emilia, this is Carlos and Nina, and...
No
This looks like a good place.
Please. We already know the problem was caused by Gengar.
It looks like they measure out the chemicals and only take what they need.
It's very colorful.
So you're saying I may have just saved the day? I'm pretty awesome!
It won't open.
Oh, good eye, Tim! Let's open our Case Notes and solve the problem!
I hope you can learn how to do that! Is this the prototype?
Indeed. I think the best course of action in this case is to gather testimony from Pokémon.
PCL—the Pokémon Comprehensive Laboratory. This is the place.
Yeahhh...
I see. You don't know its name, but it shows up from time to time and eats up everyone's food.
Sorry if my buddy caused you any trouble.
Thank you very much!
Thanks for everything yesterday, Tim! They said they're going to shoot my research first, so I'm standing by here.
According to this, you're an Electric-typePokémon, Pikachu.
She needs to work on preparation today, so she'll be here tomorrow. I'm sure she'll be surprised to see you here, too, Tim!
About Solosis
What's wrong, Trevenant?
It's the ghost-stories report!
Herdi!
Come on, let's go talk to the security guardand have him let us in.
Thanks for the color-combination chart.
Minc.
If you don't know, just say so!
Wait. What?!
Something that will soften the smell and taste of the medicine when we mix it in. I have a chart showing the results of my experiments so far, so you can use it for reference. I think one of these should be good.
Yeah, I can almost see her face already.
No way!
We caught you at last! Give up—you're not getting away this time!
Wallace
Oh, come on... Tim, don't take her seriously.
Exactly! That's my point—this Pablo's got some skills!
Doesn't look like they're used often, but they're kept in very good shape.
Whoa, no need to be on your guard! We're the new part-time workers. We start today. Nice to meet you!
Well, he certainly does hum a lot.
So... I think we should inform the client of that.
Oh, there's a door! See if it opens.
I wonder if Dad came here.
Yes, he does.
He went right through.
Oh, it's nice to see you again. You're Tim Goodman...
What?!
Oh, of course!
The founding members of PCL
Tell me something I don't know.
What kind of program is this shoot for?
Gen.
Klefki!
It's decorated with Pablo's collection.
Oh, it's a special feature for a news program. The theme is "The Cutting Edge of Pokémon Research." And, well, that's why we came here.
Please tell me more about your research, Fridge!
There are two.
Good morning, Tim! You're helping us out with the shoot today, right? Great to be working with you!
Now, now.
Well then, let's see what you have to say.
Oh, that one? Um...actually, it really should work in theory.
Although, I haven't seen you use any electricity.
I'll do my best today, too!
I think I'll have Meiko call in Nina now. Could you come with me and have a look at how the Pokémon are doing?
What does PCL mean?
Shuckle.
About the television shoot
That's right. Let's see how he squirms outtathis one!
Right! Let's borrow this.
Right! Tim was the one who noticed the mysterious Pokémon first, and he's also solved several incidents already.
Hmm?
Helping out with the TV shoot, huh. Let's head to the courtyard and talk to Emilia.
Herdi!
Well...
Everyone! In here, quick!
Are you sure about that? Surveillance shows you enter the library and never leave. So how could your walk take place in a library? I'll answer that one—it can't! Therefore... the one who was in the secret lab? It was you!
Gengar?! How terrifying...
I didn't realize you were so special... I see. Well, we can't just let things be. Is it all right if we ask you to investigate, Tim?
Yes
A secret laboratory? I had no idea!
Give me a sec. I'm trying to figure out which direction our investigation should go in.
Oh, no way! Wallace is up to his usual antics again?
Let's see? It says, "Check the plants!"
It says it takes care of other Pokémon. On top of that, it's very loyal to its Trainer...
That's right. Everyone should be setting up there. Everyone is eager to show off their research!
Trevenant going berserk
You'll spray out poisonous liquid instead? No, that's not better!
I think Gengar is also the one responsible for all the ghost stories.
About the old research facility
Huh?
About research
"There was already someone here when I entered the room—Gengar. It was the partner of one of the old staff members.
Oh, yes! Yes! It's a bit unsettling.
Klefki!
Hmph, so what? I have my lightning- quick intuition!
I'm so glad we were able to clear your name, Tim. Still, I wonder what that strange Pokémon is...
Why so surprised? I know my skill is what finally won us the day, but you saved me many times, too. When I fell from Murkrow's nest... When Gengar attacked me...
No, nobody's come this way—whether a person or a Pokémon. I'll check the surveillance cameras just to be safe, though.
What? The mysterious Pokémon was Gengar?
Oh, look at this! It's about Garbodor. Like we saw in Fridge's laboratory!
You be careful, too, Tim.
About the mysterious Pokémon
What?!
He's cold, huh. I knew it. (How exactly is he cold to you?)
Sorry I investigated this on my own...
Sure! I'm working with Garbodor to try and solve issues about waste! Garbodor eats trash and turns it into poison gas, but I was trying to see if it can't produce clean air or water instead!
(Improvised running)
That's amazing!
It must be some kind of potent chemical.
Maybe you use it to adjust the equipment.
Since we're looking for a Pokémon, it makes sense other Pokémon might know something!
About the old laboratory
I bet this has something to do with the problem. I'll keep it for now.
Oh, you tried to clean it up because you thought it was garbage, and it got cross with you? But you're friends now? And you tried to make up by giving it trash you collected as a snack? That was a nice gesture.
Hey, is it all right if we ask you to make us some juice?
Well, we got the solution, but are we really going to use this for medicine?
Is there a problem with it?
Hold on a moment. There's something I want to check.
Why so surprised? I know my skill is what finally won us the day, but you saved me many times, too. When I fell from Murkrow's nest... When Gengar attacked me... Well, your timing was a bit off with Gengar, but still.
You're the partner of the security guard, eh?
Oh, you don't know what television is? It's this square thing that shows a lot of different— Huh? No, not you. I mean, I guess you're a little square shaped...
OK... Tell us what you learned from the leftovers, Tim.
No point in telling you to stop. That sure doesn't seem to work. And I'll admit that you do have some talent. I'd rather know what you're up to, instead of having you run around in secret. Not to mention, I can help you.
About the television shoot
(A mysterious Pokémon has wandered in here. Do you know anything about it?)
The accident at PCL
That's right. It was hiding in the library.
Yes.
Hey, nice to meet you! We'll be hanging around here for a while, starting today.
Hm?
C'mon! Gimme your hand!
About the old laboratory
Of course! Leave it to me.
As I recall, Nina said she was making a record of all these strange occurrences. Let's go talk to Nina for starters.
Good idea.
I hope it can be of some use to you.
Tim...it was like the Glalie from the other day.
You were busy setting up the garden, so now you're hungry? You must have worked really hard!
I... Oh... Uh... Well, I suppose there's nothingmore I can say...
Of course. Good luck!
Wrong. That whole thing was planned by someone else. And...
Shuckle.
What?
About Gengar
Whoa!
That looks like a comfy sofa. Once we find a map for this place, let's have a seat and wait.
He went into the library.
Riiiiiight! Please just call me Tim! I hope that your leg is healing up OK, Emilia.
A vial! What do you think, Pikachu?
(Huh? According to your calculations, the chances of the shoot finishing without issue are extremely low? Well, with that lineup, I guess something's bound to happen.)
This isn't the same vial as what we found.
(I think an unfamiliar Pokémon has gotten into this facility. Do you know anything about it?)
About PCL
No need to apologize. If we had made more progress on our own, it would've been easier for you to sit by. I'm just happy you're safe.
You say you captured Gengar?! I knew you could do it! So, where's Gengar?
the culprit is...
About the mysterious Pokémon
Do you have any word on my dad's whereabouts?
Yes. Fine.
And then Dorothy and Fridge came out to the front desk.
Maybe they spray the chemicals on things. They must do a lot of different experiments!
Hey, good thinking, Tim. You're going to check the video from yesterday, right?
No
Exactly. Come on, let's have a look.
Solosis!
Is that where it was hiding?! Is it someone's partner? Could it be a wild Pokémon...? Nah, impossible.
Did you notice anything about the mysterious Pokémon?
The regular drink and a drink I've never seen before...
(Hey, so what kind of guy is Wallace?)
But, Carlos...why would you do that?
You're being awfully vague, Pikachu.
Wow!
It's nice to see you again, too, Pikachu.
It was hiding in the facility the whole time, and nobody noticed...
Well, Tim, I'll let you see for yourself. Rotom!
Who knows? We should be careful, though.
It says, "Hall of Fame."
Dorothy, I think the mysterious Pokémon is Gengar.
I don't know.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Yeah, I wanted to see your deductive prowess! All right, let's get out of this basement.
How are things at the Baker Detective Agency these days?
I know... But how do we explain that to everyone?
About the library
The new research facility
I think it's best we don't touch it.
Yellow...
About Gengar
About the incident in the courtyard
Thanks.
About the old facility
Right. Let's hurry and check the footage!
PCL—the Pokémon Comprehensive Laboratory.
Well... they were spiked with a substance that causes Pokémon to go berserk. I found evidence. This was down in the basement!
About coffee
Herdi!
If it's OK, please let me help.
Oh! Um, I think that's a little—
What? Tell me everything you know.
Let's have a seat and wait for the director.
About the television shoot
Heh heh!
Thanks. Anyway... do you think you could let me know what you find out? From Carlos's interrogation?
It doesn't look like the ghost-stories report is here anymore.
Let's see. The results show— Oh! It's pretty purified!
Sounds like somebody else has Nina's ghost- stories report. We should go ask around. Oh, and don't forget to talk to Pokémon, too! One of them might have seen the mysterious Pokémon!
What are you going to talk about tomorrow?
Nothing, sorry. I wonder if it's still in this facility...
Blue...
Duosiooon.
How about it? Do you know who the culprit is?
Hey, it seems like there's a Pokémon hiding in this facility. Do you know anything about that?
Fletch!
Minccino!
Thanks, I won't forget this.
"My goal was to energize the Pokémon in order to boost their healing abilities, but the effects so far have been...too strong. Still, I won't give up. I will complete my all-purpose medicine, no matter what."
The box has a lot more of the bottles we've seen to the side.
Could you tell me anything?
They look like chemicals, but...it seems like they're just juice.
Let's head home so we can rest for tomorrow.
Pokémon cry (What's up?)
There was an unfamiliar Pokémon in the courtyard. Do you know anything about it?
Somebody in the staff here must be using the vials.
It seems like the Pokémon here knew there was a mysterious Pokémon around.
By the way, Tim, when did you start to suspect Carlos was the culprit?
Oh!
About the ghost stories
Wow. Thank you, sir!
What? You were able to capture Gengar? Hmph, well, I suppose I owe you an apology for accusing you about Trevenant. You have my thanks for solving this.
About vials
Yeah, what else is new? The passcode's been changed. Even I'm stumped by his latest high jinks! You're Tim, right? Things are a bit of a mess right now, but don't worry—I'm here to help you out!
Sososiiiis.
About Fennekin
Fennekin!
Who'd have thought it was Gengar.
We can breathe easy now that we've captured Gengar.
All right! Let's gather everyone together and catch that culprit!
He seems interested in your telepathy, but you don't think it will work with humans? I guess that's just how it is.
Is it a hint?
This facility has surveillance cameras?
That's it! You're so smart!
Why are you giving me that look? It's not like you're a Trainer, yourself.
Yeah, but they don't seem to know what it is.
(Jump EFFORT)
Don't mention it.
That's the library over there. Come by my laboratory first.
We've gathered some information. Don't you think it's about time to try to solve the problem?
Oh? Accelgor helped find a lost Meowth, huh?
Hmm, let's see here. "I hereby found this research facility in order to further improve the relationship between mankind and Pokémon. —John Waals"
Yeah, I give you my word. I'll see you. And I'll see you, too, Pikachu! 
About Harry
Hello, Baker!
We were able to solve the case. Thank you for your cooperation.
Are you always here?
Oh, Dorothy, hold on! Listen to this one. Wallace did it again!
Yes.
We've learned a bit about the mysterious Pokémon, but we'll be out of luck if it escapes. Let's stop by the receptionist's desk just in case.
Oh, for the television shoot? I don't have the results of my research yet, so I'm wondering what to do.
You know what I think? Baker already knows, too... about our investigation.
(Jump down EFFORT)
Trevenant!
Come on. That was right after we got there. We hadn't even met him yet!
I think so. Let's head in.
Congrats, Tim!
I guess we can count on you to keep the bad guys out!
Hey, this is over 20 years old.
Yeah, the weather is very nice.
Oh, by the way, how exactly are we going to input the passcode in the first place? I think there was some kind of machine next to thedoor to the courtyard. Why don't we have a look?
Congratulations to you!
I didn't expect to bump into Emilia.
Better to let the others believe we've solved the incident in the courtyard. That way the real culprit will let their guard down. Come on, let's head to the library.
OK.
I wonder what's in this.
There's a photo of the founding members.
Oh yeah, it says it's Poison-type. No surprises there.
Nothing unusual here.
Things have gotten messed up, haven't they.
Oh, right. It would be bad if it got away.
Pokémon cry
(What's Solosis like?)
She almost gave my name away.
Who'd have thought a detective agency's car would be a convertible!
Yeah, you could say that.
Have you looked at everything?
Phantump.
Duosiooon.
Is PCL famous in this town?
It says, "Danger!"
He said he was researching motors. I'm not surprised he has dangerous machinery lying around.
Hey! Another great day, isn't it?
So that's how it works! This is like some kind of secret passageway.
Inspector Holiday! I'll leave you two alone.
The things around here must be consumables. They're easy to get at.
I'm the one who should be thanking you. I'm very grateful.
Juice that seems like chemicals?
"Today's batch had an even more pronounced effect than normal. When I checked, I was told this batch had been left to mature for a whole week. It seems Simon misunderstood my instructions or something.
How to lure out Gengar?
Of all the places we've checked up to now, there was one oddly cold room.
Yeah, that was a close save. But don't let your guard down—we still have a lot of work to do!
You're going to present the substance from yesterday, right?
Yeah. I'm sure if we talk to the security guard, he'll let us in.
Here we go!
Why did you do that?
Thanks!
Do you remember where it was?
Are they drinking coffee out of these? I guess that makes two here that couldn't care less about the container they drink from.
Now...Gengar, come to the light!
Let's give that juice we got from Shuckle to Klefki!
But if Gengar is the culprit, it won't show up in the surveillance videos.
What's this square thing?
What? You say Rotom was hiding in a clock? Interesting, and what happened?
Hey, let me see. Huh? Pokémon are in the picture, too.
I don't see any vials.
Please, come on in!
Go ahead and get into this motor! Now!
Give it a Poké Puff
They're your little treasures, huh? It's clear you take great care of them. Oh, and Phantump helps out, too? No wonder they look healthy.
You're developing medicine, right? Could you tell me about it in more detail?
Don't worry! And since Dorothy has left, we can enter the director's office now, too.
Haha, I'm joking, Pikachu.
Not again. What is it this time?
Doesn't look like anyone is here. So is this the room that Gengar was guarding?
About Gengar
Pokémon cry
Pokémon cry (All right.)
Hey there! Hello? ...Hmm, nothing. Not even a grunt.
It must be a spare or a prototype. It looks like he's testing all kinds of things.
Garbo gar.
Oh, that's Amanda's choice.
"It has apparently been living here alone since the laboratory was closed. It seems to have been away for a while, and that's why I hadn't met it until now.
You captured Gengar! Wow, Tim, is there anything you can't do?
I wonder where it leads to...
I wonder what that Pokémon is called. Let me have a quick look.
Well, let's find out!
Trevenant...
"You're going to work together and make it even better than before"? Now, that's the attitude to have!
About vials
Nothing, huh...
Shuckle.
Unfortunately, no. We're just as baffled as you are.
In the meeting room.
About Gengar
(Hm? Not anyone unfamiliar, but there is a Pokémon Wallace hasn't noticed? What do you mean by that?) Huh, so when it comes, the room gets cold, and Wallace starts shaking...
It doesn't smell bad.
What? You have the key to the storeroom? But you can't let people you don't trust in?
Yes
Herdi.
I'm getting a little nervous...
The library
Carlos
Pokémon cry (Confuse Ray)
Uh... It's very nice to meet you.
Garb garbo.
She makes a good point. I don't think it's gotten out from around here, but how about over at the lobby?
"But this is the exact opposite effect from the medicine I hope to complete. I must find a way to stabilize its effects..."
This machine opens a door. It says to put in the passcode.
Nice work yesterday. Did you hear from Rita? She wants you to help out in the courtyard first today.
No
It's as I thought—the surveillance videos don't show anyone either. Isn't that right, Floette?
Whoa!
Yeah!
I don't think it's vials, anyway.
Miiinc.
About the incident in the courtyard
My dad's Pikachu seems...different.
A bolt of brilliance! I know...the culprit!
Hey, we're not suspicious! We're here to help.
I heard from the inspector that you really saved the day at PCL. Hope it wasn't too dangerous.
Let's take some for the experiment.
About the courtyard
Nothing at all. If I did know anything, I would have already spoken up.
Rita
A pitcher, maybe?
Any of them are fine, but at this café, you've gotta drink the house blend.
Pokémon cry (You can try as much as you like)
About the incident in the courtyard
That's Floette, like was with Rita at the front desk.
Hmmmm...
Duosiooon!
Yeah, this here is just a research report.
Yeah, it's a laboratory that's been around for a long while, and their inventions are on the news from time to time. They develop useful odds and ends, like cleaning goods for Pokémon. I use their stuff, too.
How're things going?
Huh? Oh, of course, you might be just who I need, Tim. You were even able to solve the passcode, after all. We need two kinds of Berries and some liquid for the experiment.
I'm just joking.
From what I was told, I deduced the culprit was Gengar. We've been trying to capture it, but it keeps getting away...
OK!
Thank-you letters and some flyers. It looks like the Baker Detective Agency has solved a lot of cases!
Good morning!
Yeah, he probably uses it for experiments.
Maybe it was some medicine that was super effective.
Ready to go?
A mountain of investigative materials and reports.
It's the map. I've made a note of it.
A suspicious character appeared in the courtyard. Did anyone come over here?
Shuckle.
The director's office
Thank you.
If we can't get into the courtyard, we can't get into Building B, either. We've got to do something.
When you pull on them in that order, the device activates, eh? And then what happens?
Yeah. Let's go! 
Hm?
Hey.
Who'd have thought a detective agency's car would be a convertible!
Green...
The meeting room
The coffee's delicious again today.
Oh, that's Amanda's choice.
Herdi.
That's all right. It's best to be honest about it all.
"I've been tricked! The cells I obtained were not from that Pokémon...
Happy to hear you say that. I've been adjusting how I blend the beans.
Do you know how to catch it? It keeps getting away.
Hey, Holiday! You make any progress?
Let's head to PCL.
Roto!
I see, you've heard the Pokémon in the courtyard talking about that.
"That is most likely why we can't get the effects to stabilize. I never suspected that the cells were from—"
Sorry to put you through so much on day one—what with the incident in the courtyard. I'm impressed you were able to solve the problem.
Hmm, oh I know! We could have Garbodor suck it in... No, that wouldn't work.
Solosisssss.
You're making an appearance, too, Fridge?
It could've been anyone there using that type of vial.
Let's see now. The results show— Hmm, it didn't get purified very much.
This has pills in it.
Take your time. If my deductions are correct, the culprit won't run away just yet.
Still, there must be some clue to its identity! Is there anything that caught your attention?
Indeed. Since that clears up the ghost stories, too, I can finally focus on my research.
Well, another day!
Ah, Garbodor's experiment! But how does that connect to this?
Because this kid got in my way! He's Harry Goodman's son!
I see. You're helping Nina, huh? It must be nice to be so close to the Berries.
(go down stairs)
Harry Goodman's son?
Nina, we're in front of guests here.
Gen gen.
It stands for Pokémon Comprehensive Laboratory. We study the abilities of Pokémon for use in every field.
Listen! It's not Tim's fault! There's no way he'd ever do harm to a Pokémon!
Tim Goodman is my real name. Sorry I lied to you. My dad was in an accident two months ago. And it happened right around here.
Humph, do as you wish. I'll have you know, I'm still not convinced you're innocent.
Have you asked anyone about the mysterious Pokémon? Don't forget to talk to Pokémon, too.
Pah.
About Carlos
What kind of person is Nina?
You tell 'em, Tim!
The temperature is 59 degrees.
Oh, and there's us!
That's all right! I definitely want to hear this story!
About the courtyard
Klefki!
How about that, Tim?
Red...
Floe! Floette!
Hmm?
Prove Tim's innocence!
A map of Ryme City and—
Pokémon cry (Just kidding!)
What's that? It didn't come this way, but you know who or what it is? Oh yeah, it looks like a black shadow.
Gen gen.
(jumping around EFFORTS)
We already got juice.
Yeah! It's delicious, it's cute, and its effects are excellent! There's also no need to worry about side effects, and there's no problem even if humans drink it. It's a revolutionary new product!
Hmm, this is just a normal vial. I wonder if they have more distinctive ones...
About the big discovery
Did my dad ever come after that?
About the mysterious Pokémon
I'd imagined a detective's car would be more ordinary.
Hey there! Duosion! ...Nothing. I guess it can't hear me.
Wait a moment. Think about it once more.
Hmm? It wasn't cold there.
I hear Nina has been keeping a record, but do you have the report?
I've got it. The Pokémon in the picture are Herdier, Gengar, Mudkip, and Aipom.
The security guard should let us in.
Of course. You see, I'm utilizing Shuckle's powers to make drinkable medicine for Pokémon. When you put a Berry into Shuckle's shell, it ferments into juice. But when you add various things to it, you can make it into more than just juice—it becomes medicine.
Yeah.
Oh, of course! Now that you mention it, you did say Carlos when I asked you who you thought was suspicious.
OK!
What can I do for you?
And then nobody except us, until we open the door to the courtyard.
No, he didn't. If he had, you'd be the first to know.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Klefki Klefki!
No, it's back to the drawing board. Harry's case remains a mystery. What about you? Ya got any news?
You're right! They're marked!
What kind of person is Fridge?
Well? What cells did he use?
Get focused and check it.
They communicate with telepathy, right? Maybe that'll work. (Hey, Solosis! Solosis!)
Yep! I don't come on until later, though, so I'm waiting here. I'm so antsy, though, I can't focus on my work!
What? You "said too much"? You "promised to keep it a secret"? Hmmph. I guess we'll have to figure out the rest on our own.
He's a nice person! Very outspoken and he can be a little absentminded, but he's dedicated to his research and is very serious at heart.
Oh, is that so? Hey wait! You said Dorothy that time, didn't you? Well, it doesn't matter now, but...
Klefki.
What research do you do, Dorothy?
Oh, that Pokémon. I don't know why, but it seems to have doubts about my intentions. Hmm, it says Floette is Fairy-type.
About PCL
Do you know the Pokémon on the passcode chart? I think the middle bookshelf in the libraryhas information on various Pokémon.
(Improvised running)
Let's see. The results show— It's not purified at all.
About the courtyard
Yes
"A blue ■ in the top right. A yellow ▼ in the top left."
It's the map of PCL.
Is that so?
I was right next to Tim, but all I saw him do was give Trevenant some food.
There you are! All right!
Amanda insists that it's better to have a sporty vehicle when tailing or chasing down suspects.
It's here!
Uhh, maybe Fridge told you—it eats trash and spews out poison gas. It's cute, but its breath smells terrible.
That's it! The library! Gengar is probably in there.
Good point. Let's investigate tomorrow.
About the television shoot
Gengar is a Ghost-type Pokémon, so capturing it will be tricky.
Ludi!
I get it. The key is to think about the research log we found in the basement, combined with the evidence we've discovered up to this point!
I knew it! Exactly as I thought. Tim, get the records we just saw printed out!
Trevenant!
He ignores you even when you send him telepathy? (Oh, I don't think he's being cold. He's just not getting the messages.)
I know, right? But well, I haven't made much progress, to be honest.
What? "It was just a little prank"? That was nothing so innocent! Just what did you make Trevenant eat?
Those warning labels mean we probably shouldn't touch them.
We need to gather ingredients if we want to help Nina with her experiment.
About "R"
About the television shoot
What in the world is goin' on?
Duosiooon!
It wasn't.
So you captured Gengar?! Great work, Tim. Now I can finally focus on my research!
Yeah!
Straightforward and adorable? Well, compared to Duosion, I imagine that would be the case.
Ah yes, I didn't bother reading it before giving it back. Don't tell me you believe such unscientific nonsense, too? Hmph, it seems I was quite misguided in thinking you had any potential at all.
I see you have Fennekin with you.
What effect does the medicine have?
Right, Berries and some liquid!
Oh, is that so? Hey wait! You said Fridge that time, didn't you? Well, it doesn't matter now, but...
Let's go talk to Rita at the reception.
I used to do research on capturing Pokémon, but now that I work as the director for this facility, I feel it's best if I don't have my own projects going on.
I knew you'd say that, so here!
About Gengar
Hey, nice to meet you! Wow, you're a tall one.
Let's go speak to Dorothy about the research they used to do here.
Solosis.
Something or someone was running through this hall at night, huh? And you thought it was a robber and chased it, but it just laughed and disappeared? The more I hear about it, the stranger it gets.
About the courtyard
"A red ▲ in the center, and a green ◆ in the bottom left!"
Huh? Where's that voice coming from...
Mmm, good morn— Huh?! Tim? And Pikachu, too?!
Hi, Tim. Hi, Pikachu! How's work going?
Carlos, it's you.
It's true—at this point he doesn't seem to have done anything out of the ordinary.
Huh?
What I'm developing now is medicine that will make Pokémon healthy. I'm aiming to give it a fruity flavor and a cute orange color! I'm particular about the color because I want Pokémon to feel healthier just by looking at it. I just need to combine two Berries and some liquid to finish it.
Hey, did you catch that? This facility was destroyed once, and had to be rebuilt!
About colors
What are you doing here?!
It says, "Research on Telepathy."
All the shelves are neatly organized.
No
This is the whole facility.
Well, Harry's son, Tim, has decided to come for a visit.
You've got everything covered, you say? Great to hear! Keep up the good work.
The writing is smudged. I can't read it. The rest of the journal is torn away, too...
Hey, don't start losing your nerve now! Just to make sure you've got everything... Your name here is Tim Ottman. If there is someone here that's involved with Harry's case, they may get suspicious if they hear the name "Goodman." That's why we need to change your name.
Hey!
It worked!
Hmmph, he's into this elaborate stuff, huh?
The trash can...is empty.
Yes, we have a few set up. They say it's to protect the research data here. I've been told the cameras have been running since the facility was rebuilt.
The trash can...had a Berry core! We got a Berry core.
Tomorrow is the television shoot, isn't it?
About the television shoot
"Gengar can't be seen by the surveillance cameras, so it can enter and exit PCL freely."
Solosis.
You know, it seemed like a normal Pikachu while it was with Harry.
Does Wallace do this kind of thing often?
You don't trust us? Well, what can we do to change that? Oh, you'll trust us if we getShuckle to make some juice for you? Not medicine, just the regular juice, you say?
Yup, anytime we have a new recruit. A long time ago, a new member made a mistake and completely messed up Wallace's research.
I'm sorry! I found out yesterday, but I wanted to surprise you!
Gen.
Seems like he's had no luck receiving it, though.
Use a flashlight
What do you make of this vial, Pikachu?
The case is solved. Thank you for your help!
You copied down the problem, right?
Sorry, could I see the recorded videos?
Nothing funny here.
Do you remember what Fennekin said? It heard the mysterious Pokémon say, "I was here first."
Good thinking, Tim! Now that you mention it, what the other Pokémon told us about the mysterious Pokémon does match up with the ghost stories.
About the mysterious person
So...you really do take after Harry. The boss said so, too. Pikachu! Are you eating the sweets again?! Oh well... I suppose it's OK this time.
About Meiko
Right! I'm going to go have a look!
It makes Pokémon go berserk? That's why Trevenant became enraged?
Fennekin.
Hmm? It doesn't look like you have enough ingredients. We need two Berries and some liquid to mix them with.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
There are notes on other Pokémon, too.
Watch out! It's using Confuse Ray!
Whoa...
Sure, of course!
About colors
Oh... That's all right! It's nice to meet you, Director!
How can I help you?
Oh, it's nothing. Really!
I wonder what chemical this is.
"An intensely spicy Berry" your friend gave you? Stop lying!
Now, if we're talking about suspicious characters, you're a suspect, too, young lady.
So when it comes, it gets colder.
Yeah! She said someone or something went berserk. Do you think it was a Pokémon?
Yeah.
There was some sort of contraption next tothe door to the courtyard. Let's go check it out!
Oh, your shell is all full with Berries for an experiment, huh. I guess we'll have to come back when the experiment is done.
Not funny at all!
Yup! Let's go see.
Would you happen to have any ideas?
About Floette
Trevenant! Are you OK?
I wonder what this is...?
Pokémon cry
Will you enter the passcode?
This room is awfully cold.
Phantump!
Duosiooon!
Hey, don't mention it! Gengar was the culprit for all those ghost stories, too, right? Thanks for looking into it!
We can get Berries in the courtyard, but what should we do about the liquid?
About research
Pokémon cry (See ya!)
All these test tubes in a row...
Yeah, I know. We need to be careful.
It's a research graph and observations.
Want to do an experiment with the purifier machine?
Do mysterious things happen often?
October 12, 2:08 a.m.
Hey, good job! You picked up on the last clue really quickly. Now we can bring the culprit to justice!
Ever since then, he's particularly harsh toward newbies. Hey, why don't you go have a stab at his problem? I'll be getting my experiment ready here.
Hmmm, we've basically checked all the rooms at this research facility.
And all empty, too.
Actually, it seems like Wallace has locked the courtyard, and nobody can get in.
That...and the storeroom as well. If we can getsome juice from Shuckle and give it to Klefki, it should open the lock for us.
As you can see here, this Pokémon doesn't want to listen to anything I say.
Solosis was floating in it! I swear I'll never understand scientists.
Shuckle.
Yeah, so I guess you two'll make your dream come true. Tell your buddy to be the very best, like no oneever was.
About Gengar
You're not getting away this time!
It's 68 degrees here.
Please, call me Dorothy. Nice to meet you, too. You'll be providing support for our staff while you're with us. This is Fridge. He'll tell you more about your duties.
Yeah, it doesn't seem the type to brush its teeth.
Hey, don't get sullen. It was thanks to you, Pikachu.
Let's open up your Case Notes and solve this problem!
Trevenant...
Solosis!
What are you going to talk about?
Let's see... Maybe some tools I made a while back will come in handy. I was doing research on capturing Pokémon, and one of the tools I used will probably work on Ghost-typePokémon, too. It should be in the storeroom.
Whoa! Seems like my telepathy worked.
Hm?
This looks like a plant encyclopedia.
"A Pokémon suddenly went berserk and destroyed the research facility. We are unable to maintain our activities here."
Yeah. Hm? Wait, does that mean...
Yeaaaah! That's me! Good to have you here. Oh! Hey there, Pikachu!
Have you seen this vial?
Hmmm...
"Fennekin is a Fire-type Pokémon and likes to eat twigs."
Let's see. The results show— It's completely purified!
Emilia's right. There's no way!
Yes
The thermometer says it's 59 degrees.
The clock started spinning really fast, and Dorothy got startled and ran away when she saw it?
(Oh, it's you! This must be telepathy.)
Shout at it
It's a tank. Maybe it stores the water for the plants?
Shuckle.
Oh, is that so? Hey wait! You said Nina that time, didn't you? Well, it doesn't matter now, but...
Gengar should be in this room.
Yeah, we'll come back later. Thanks!
So this is why they had to rebuild! ...Oh? It says that the accident forced the facility to close down.
(Improvised running)
Oh, the list of cafés next to the map is something Harry put up there.
Have a look at this vial.
I followed the clues to this place. Carlos knows. Don't you? Tell uswhat happened.
No wonder it's chilly.
All right, Tim. Our goal here is to search this place from top to bottom, and find a vial like the one we found in the cave. It's the only clue we have to go on for Harry's whereabouts.
*groan* Heh...
Solosis!
From the time of the old facility?
Thank you!
Others
Emilia didn't do anything. Can't you tell from this video?
Welcome, little buddy!
Hey there! Nice to meet you.
Duosiooon.
(Dazed)
Yeah, they've been happening a lot lately. They may be foolish and unscientific, but I do think ghost stories are entertaining. Don't you agree?
Huh? What happened? You mean you don't remember anything?
I swear, doesn't Rotom have better things to do? Thanks for the info, Minccino!
Duosiooon!
Have you figured out who the culprit is?
I swear, if he just turned the machine on, the gas wouldn't come this way... We have Fridge... We have Wallace... What is the issue with the guys here?
(What's Duosion like?)
Oh, is that so? Hey wait! You said Wallace that time, didn't you? Well, it doesn't matter now, but...
About the moving plans
About PCL
Hmm??
Is that enough? Shuckle is trustworthy, huh?
About the plant encyclopedia
About Fridge
I don't see it anywhere...
Hey! Wait for me! You can't abandon your partner!
Any leads?
Sure! See you next time!
Nina's ghost-stories report
Got it!
A fire extinguisher.
She stuffs all kinds of things into your shell and makes you a little uneasy, but you always have fun when she plays with you, huh?
Understood, I'll go look for those things.
Maybe it has something to do with why Trevenant went berserk. Let's check it out.
Pretty impressive that you solved my problem. Tim Ottman, was it?
Pokémon cry: I will!
Oh no, Wallace is at it again? The only options are to figure out the correct passcode or wait for the director to get back.
The temperature is 68 degrees.
The hat is just right.
Phantump!
That's for sure. Hey, Gengar! Show yourself!
Right, let's pull on them in the order that Gengar said.
Trevenant!
(You're in here today, too? Don't you get cabin fever or something?)
That's a lot of books.
Gen gen.
Possibly. This warrants looking into!
About the storeroom
He used to be my dad's partner. I guess Dad gave him the child-sized hat.
About the television shoot
Substance that makes Pokémon stronger
So the old records of PCL are in the shelfthat's second from the back in the library.
Heading out already, I see.
Apparently, this research facility was destroyed once in an accident and then rebuilt. Do you know anything about that?
Construction of the basement
(Today there's going to be a television shoot. But I guess if you're here, you won't mind.)
It seems like the facility was left abandoned for a while after its closure. They rebuilt it two years after the accident.
Yeah, but we still haven't found the vial.
A lot of technical books here. "Science and Pokémon," huh? Let's have a look. ...It's full of equations. I can't make anything of it.
And the video camera's set! Can't wait to get this rolling!
Honestly, Dorothy doesn't understand! If one person makes a mistake, we all suffer. There's nothing wrong with testing out new recruits...
We've captured Gengar, and that's case closed!

About the television shoot
Hold on! Even if this substance is the cause, you have no proof that I'm the one who created it!
Well, that's case closed. Thanks for standing up for me.
Could I see your report?
Pikachu! Are you OK?
Fennekin.
The same as Glalie...
Solo.
Solosis!
Yes
Of course, but I've lent them out to the others, so you'll need to ask around. 
"It's no use. Working hidden away from prying eyes is slowing down the progress of my research. I need to move this equipment somewhere I can work on it in peace.
Let's have a look around when we get a chance! *If you haven't yet found a vial, q0 will open and you will get an X.
Solosis.
About work
Right? I can look up just about anything here. Dorothy has really put an emphasis on gathering material for us.
Yeah.
No
See ya!
The temperature is 59 degrees.
This room is awfully cold.
Hey, have you ever seen this vial before?
About Wallace
Oh, sorry, Tim, I didn't mean you. You look dependable! Glad to be working with you.
It's too specialized for me to understand.
Just press this button, and—
Nothing of interest here.
About the incident in the courtyard
Phantump.
So, it's almost time for the shoot.
What?!
Yes
Hmmm, I've failed again...
Yup, it seems like all that's left is the storeroom.
What is the Pokémon that flies around the lobby?
Oh, good! In that case...
Solosis.
All right... He knew too much. I had someone tamper with his car as a warning. But I swear, I never expected him to go missing in an accident.
Forget about Wallace. I'm just glad we were able to help clear your name! Just remember, it was my video that saved the day, both today and in that cave!
Hey, have you seen this vial before?
A scale.
Pokémon cry (Catch me if you can)
It's not coming out.
It says it's 68 degrees.
What can I do for you?
laughing Pokémon cry (Muwuhahaha!)
Gen.
Yeah.
If we can get in here, we may find the vial we're looking for.
Hey, could you make some juice? Something that Klefki would like.
There you have it—our facility on a"typical day."
It sounds like Dorothy had some harsh words with him.
There's no way I planned this thing! You're way off base. This was all Gengar's doing!
They left it for two whole years, huh? I wonder how bad the damage was.
We were able to solve the case. Thank you for your help.
Argh!
Don't be so sure!
That black shadow in the video... Did we have any Pokémon here like that?
Hold on! That's way too many!
Wallace is one of the staff here—and a bit strange, I might add. He has a bad habit of changing the passcode that we need to get into the courtyard without telling anyone. I'd like you to help out everyone here, but first you'll need to solve his problem.
Yeah, I'm afraid of Wallace, but when I have Fennekin with me, I feel strong. Oh, but don't tell Wallace I said that!
Fennekin!
About the mysterious Pokémon
About Solosis's culture solution
What's that? You have some good info? ...The best place to nap is on the bench in the garden? No, the vial is what... Oh, if you don't know, then never mind.
Duosiooon.
I wonder what this machine is for.
Oh, that's the machine I use to purify Garbodor's poison gas.
Let's have a look at the liquid-research results Nina gave us and find ones we think will be useful!
I think there was information about the Pokémon of the founding members in the library, on the second shelf from the right.
That's all the evidence we need. Open up your Case Notes and solve the mystery!
Hmmm? You don't say! Well I hope he hasn't come here to search for his father!
Ahhh, that's exactly why he's here. I can't have him be involved in anything dangerous, so I gave him a bit of a warning.
About the television shoot
Oh, is that so? Hey wait! You said Rita that time, didn't you? Well, it doesn't matter now, but...
Yeah, but I'm not sure if he got the message.
Red Berry
It says it's the latest Pokémon research data.
Shuckle!
About something
Pleasure to meet you, too.
Hmm? Talking to yourself?
You know why we're here today, right? We need to find the one who used this vial!
Oh, Dorothy must have put it up to share.
I'm sorry, no. I did some research on the history of PCL before our interview, but all it said was "due to an accident."
About the incident in the courtyard
You figured out the passcode? Way to go, Tim! You're the first newbie to solve one of those problems. Now we can finally get back to work. Why don't you go say hi to Wallace and Carlos? They'll be in Building B, past the courtyard.
I bet it's the mysterious Pokémon that is responsible for all the ghost stories!
This is the usual menu for Trevenant.
Yes
That was a close one!
Herdi.
Nice try, playing the innocent one.
Not at all? It's very comfortable? Well, as long as that's the case.
Water is leaking out everywhere! It must have been damaged when Trevenant went berserk.
Listen to me for one sec.
Judging from the buttons, the passcode is made up of symbols—not numbers.
No
How dare it ignore me!
About Gengar
Gengar is in the library!
About the old laboratory
Yeah... Best not to let an amateur get involved in this. However, he is Harry's son. So do you think he's going to listen to you?
Hmm, so these are the people who came first.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Yes, we've had a few interviews about our inventions, but this is the first time we've had a shoot in the facility itself. I was surprised to find out you knew the TV crew!
Hey!
How many times do I have to tell you those sweets are meant for the clients!
About the television shoot
I'm glad to hear it! Still, I wonder what Gengar was doing here...
Difficulties
Good luck on your part-time job!
Who do you think is suspicious?
Material about Pokémon.
I'm looking forward to some brilliant detective work, Tim!
I bet you have to be really precise with these experiments.
Let's see.
Wonder what this room is for?
What's wrong?
Wow, impressive. You may be more of a detective than I am!
Oh, yes. I met Emilia recently.
"First I need to analyze the equipment so that I can move it."
About Pikachu
I don't think that's the problem.
So, if this is running, it's safe even if Garbodor spews poison gas out?
Oh! No, it's nothing. I just started a new job today, so I'm reviewing what I've learned.
She's gotten used to being a waitress.
The passcode is    .
How should we capture Gengar...? Well, let's go let Dorothy know about all this.
He seemed like an agreeable young man.
About cleaning
Oh, those are bills. Don't look at them too closely. Our power bill has been troublingly high for the past year. I wonder if it's because our equipment is getting old... Oh, but don't worry, Tim! We'll be sure to pay your salary.
Receive telepathy
It's the tank to store water for the plants. Let's get a little for the experiment.
You don't want it? I never said I'd give it to you. If you've never seen it, then that's fine.
Hey, have you seen this vial?
Pikachu seems to have taken a liking to you. I apologize in advance if he does anything rude.
Ugh!
Is that an atomizer?
How do you manage to get any researchdone at all?
Wallace, what exactly do you do for your research of cells?
Ow, my ear! My ear! You just said it was OK for me to have some!
Such a wonderful garden.
Yes.
About the car
Oh man, I knew it...
Hmmph. You really didn't know. Looks like you've got a good friend.
Hello there! Welcome to the research facility.
People have posted thoughts and questions about the posted materials, too.
Probably. I guess he uses it to test various conditions with plants.
June 19, 12:05 p.m.
Glad to have you here. Hmm? Ottman? That name...I think I saw it in the newspaper recently...
I'm glad we got that data. If you have any more trash, bring it to me.
What's in Building B?
Hey, you didn't happen to see a strange Pokémon while you were eating, did you?
Huh?
Interview other people
Nina's ghost-stories report
Hey there! Duosion! ...Hmm, I guess it can't hear me.
Tim! Look! We found what we've been looking for!
Pokémon cry
Tomorrow is the television shoot! Are you all set up?
I can't get it to come out orange. If I could just get the color and flavor right, it would be complete.
About the complete analysis
Let's gather everyone. Time for our detective skills to shine!
Hey! I'd love to have you help me out, but we're stuck if we can't get into the courtyard.
Wallace
(What's that? You have a bad feeling about this?) Hmm, I hope you're wrong.
Look at this. Here's Aipom. It says, "Its tail is more versatile than its hands."
Yeah, sorry about earlier. The machine has one more function, though. It analyzes the composition of the gas.
Yes, I'm in a bit of a fix because I have nothing to talk about. I just hope Rotom listens to me...
Brr!
There's nothing here.
Go on! You've got this. Now show him whatwe've got.
Do you know anything about the research facility before it was rebuilt?
Solosis and Duosion have the ability to survive in any environment. My research aims to find out how they do so.
This is a picture of my wife and daughter.
Great job, Tim! I can't believe you caught Gengar!
Let's see.
Trevenant's leftovers
It looks like these are crushed leaves.
Wallace and Carlos both have labs there, and we also have a storeroom. Klefki keeps the place locked up.
What friend? Who was it?
It seems like a lovely family you have, sir.
Oh, Floette! It's my partner. It's a very kind and considerate Pokémon. I see your Pikachu walks on its hind legs! That's so cute.
I don't think so. It's the first time I've seen it, too.
This is it, Pikachu!
To page 1
(laughter)
About us
A lot of ancient-looking books here.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Does Wallace always do things like this?
This is an unrelated vial.
Wallace's experiment notes
To page 2
I just heard from the director. Of course I'm well prepared, but I worry that the viewers won't be able to understand my research...
Nina's ghost-stories report
What can I do for you?
About research
About the old laboratory
That's not right.
Eek! It's happened again!
Huh? This research facility was rebuilt? My goodness. More material for my ghost-stories report!
Welcome, both of you, to my laboratory! This here is my partner, Garbodor. So, right now I'm doing research on its ecology to assist in garbage disposal.
Right, that's where we started. But I think there are other clues to be found, too.
Oh! D-did you? It's a pretty common name.
Duosiooon!
(Hey there. Nice to meet you. Are you all right crammed into tight places like that?)
Trevenant.
Nothing under the pot, either.
Carlos
Shuckle.
What?
?
What do you think? My research! This technology is a dream come true, using Garbodor's skills to purify trash!
Pokémon cry: See ya!
The mysterious Pokémon was Gengar. We're trying to capture it, but it keeps getting away.
Just to double-check, Tim.
(A mysterious Pokémon is around somewhere. Do you know anything?)
What kind of Pokémon are Solosis and Duosion?
You use this to study Garbodor's gas, huh?
A photo of Dorothy and Minccino.
Pokémon cry
Hee hee! You, too, you cute little Pikachu!
Who would have thought that the cause of all the supernatural phenomena was Gengar! I'm a little disappointed that there's no more mystery, but I'm glad my report was of some use.
So, if we push the circle and star and whatever other symbols in the right order, it should open.
No, thank you! I'm glad all those mysteries were sorted out. I'm not good with ghost stories and was getting scared. Thanks again!
Knock it off!
So, do you think I look all right?
Hey, that was quite the disturbance in the courtyard. I had a look at the video myself. What a terrible thing to have happened.
Ah, yeah, you're working at PCL, right? Mr. Baker told me. Work hard and earn a lot of money. Then stop by for coffee as often as possible!
Heh, thanks.
There's nothing here.
Discouragement
Well, I mean, it's still in development and won't be practical for a while, but still.
There was one at the front desk, too.
About Wallace
Hey, Tim, could it be that the voice Fennekin heard belongs to a Pokémon that was from the old facility?
Nina is trying to make an orange medicine as part of her experiment. Would you have any idea how we might do that?
About Rita
Oh! Compare the two!
It's a spare desk. Harry has used it before. He was originally a detective in Ryme City, and he often dropped by this office.
That incident has caused Solosis to become uneasy. I can't gather any useful data at all.
It's all tied up, but be careful.
Show him the proof, Tim. Go on!
A vial?! It's set in that machine.
We already have water from the tank.
About Gengar
That's right.
What?
About the library
Tim...couldn't you come up with a better alias for yourself?
*laugh* I'm gonna lie down.
Duosiooon.
About the key
No
About the surveillance cameras
Pokémon cry (Welcome!)
This must be the corner with old records.
This date is pretty recent.
Huh? That's nothing to sweat over. Just mix stuff together and something will work out!
Yes, I see.
No, Tim! It's my negotiation skills that are trustworthy. Well, all right, we got it. We'll bring the juice, so stay ready and waiting!
It eats twigs? I bet that's an acquired taste.
Figuring out its identity is already impressive, Tim! You really are good with Pokémon.
Oh, someone comes around to play from time to time? And when it's here, Wallace starts shivering because the room gets cold, huh.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Yeah, they might know something about Dad!
About the new facility
Ooh that smells good! Thanks.
About the storeroom
Ludi ludi! Ludicolo!
This is the Pokémon resources corner.
About Gengar
Sorry I'm late!
Seems like it's calmed down a bit. Let's take a look.
Glad to see she's having fun.
Yes
Go inside
It seems they're using the whiteboard to exchange opinions.
No? It's a lot of fun.
Sure, leave it to us! We'll keep an eye on Gengar.
About the surveillance video
All right. Let's take a quick peek.
About research
There's a notebook! It says it's a research log. Could this room be the culprit's laboratory?
About Building B
Take a look at this! According to this research log, there was an experiment being performed on June 19th at 12:05.
It's as you saw, Wallace. We caught an image of a mysterious Pokémon right after Trevenant went berserk!
Let's go say hi to the staff in Building B, and look for the vial while we're at it.
You better search from top to bottom.
A vial! Pikachu, what about this one?
You know what a vial is, right?
And you're saying it's the culprit?
Trevenant
Yup. What was the culprit up to here?
I'm Tim Ottman. Nice to meet you!
Hahaha.
Yeah, I don't see anything out of the ordinary, though.
It's quite an old notebook containing research records.
Hey! I've heard what happened. Here I thought people were busy because of the shoot, but seems like there's a lot more going on!
Trevenant.
Can you tell me anything about the mysterious Pokémon?
That's right. I want you to help me with my experiments, too, but go say hi to everyone first!
Nina
I'm surprised there's such a lush garden inside a research facility.
Yeah, I can believe that.
Solo.
Hmm, nothing really. If only I had captured its full image...
Pokémon cry
That's right. Although we can't tell what the passcode is just by looking at this.
A report published by PCL.
Klefki.
Yeah, no doubt about it! It's the same as the one we found in the cave.
About the television shoot
*groan* I guess I got confused. 
No
Huh?
"Rotom is an Electric- andGhost-type Pokémon."
What's that? You want to eat already?
You're the one who's responsible! Where's my dad? Tell me!
According to the log we saw earlier, this machine is apparently used to produce "R."
About Garbodor
Sorry, I don't know how to capture Gengar, either.
I'm not sure, but... it seemed like you couldn't understand what that Pikachu was saying.
This vial seems unrelated.
Nice, Tim! Now we can get into the courtyard!
It says it's highly toxic.
Research on catching Pokémon
Pokémon cry (There's a new face!)
Oh, come on, I know you'd do the same for me. Thanks for solving the case again!
From what we've seen of the video so far, Tim hasn't done anything odd.
Is this the tool Dorothy was talking about...?
So this is the library... Look at all these books!
About Fridge
Do you two always work together?
Hm? We can't do an experiment without trash. Go have a look in the trash cans around here and see what you can bring back.
It seems we asked the wrong guy.
Well, here's the key. Why don't you go ahead and hold on to that for a while.
Something
How's it going?
Good job! We did it! Now we know whoever used this vial works in this facility.
Gen gen.
Do you know anything about before the facility was rebuilt?
Is there a map of the facility somewhere?
It doesn't look like a vial.
Yeah. It's admirable you want to stick up for your friend. Got evidence to support it?
Dunno.
...
Yes
You felt that chill, too, right? Strange things like that happen all the time in this research facility. I'm a scientist, but I just love weird stories. I'm even gathering all of these events into a report!
Hmm? Looks small for a shell, you say? Well, this isn't exactly a shell, see— Oh, if you don't know anything about it, never mind.
Apparently there's something we can use to capture Gengar in the storeroom.
Phantump!
They communicate by using telepathy. I would love to receive telepathy myself, but I've never managed it. It seems it doesn't work with humans.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Pokémon cry: Hmm?
Garbodor is pretty awesome! Here, see for yourself! *laugh*Look!
Why did you become Carlos's partner?
Now, Pikachu!
Yup! In this job, you have to be fast on your feet. The two of us do everything from planning to filming! Although we do have requests from our superiors for content, too.
What are you doing there? There's nothing there.
Yeah.
Don't worry—you look great.
Nothing suspicious here.
The trash can...is empty.
Oh? Nina has something like this, you say?
No, that's just a fire extinguisher.
(There's an unfamiliar Pokémon running around. Can you tell me anything about it?)
What trash do you want to experiment with?
I don't think we've spoken to the Pokémon that was in the hallway of Building B.
What do we need to do?
This is what my dad was after.
About the television shoot
It said to check the plants...but there's nothing here.
No, that's not right. Now give it another shot.
Do you know anything?
He does. Whenever we hire someone new, he locks the courtyard. He writes down a problem on the whiteboard in the meetingroom, and the answer to that is the passcode. I had a look, but I couldn't make heads nor tails of it.
About Gengar
Hm? Fridge?
Pokémon cry (Thanks for waiting.)
Hey, Tim! Don't say things to ruin my chances!
Well done! We've found the evidence, but do you want to keep watching the video?
Berries are growing.
Are you sure he didn't secretly slap Trevenant or something?
It must be hiding in the shadows.
Yeah, I think that's it. A Pokémon from the old facility still lives here, and is causing all these ghost stories.
Go inside
About the flowers
The trash can...had a paper scrap in it! We got a paper scrap.
Be sure to wash your hands before and after you do an experiment.
What's up?
Good morning! The name's Ottman. I'm supposed to start working here today.
Pokémon cry (What are you guys doing here?!)
Do you have any idea what might have been involved?
No
Mm-hm... I just heard its Pokémon cry.
I wonder how the interrogation is going.
It looks like once we've gotten in there on time, we'll be fine.
Other staff member
Try this on for size!
I heard you caught Gengar, so I came to check it out right away.
You got the courtyard open? Wow! I need to get cracking on my experiment, then! Thanks, Tim! Actually, now that you can, why don't you head over to Building B and meet the staff there? You'll be able to meet the cause of all this hassle, too.
About the television shoot
How would he hide that? You saw the video, didn't you? Tim didn't do anything like that.
Yes, on top of the copy machine in the back.
Not really, but...
Come on—say something! It's because of you my dad is—
Dorothy
Let's be on our guard!
I'm so pleased that he likes me!
Hey! We're gonna be working here starting today. Thanks for having us.
Pretty impressive, solving Wallace's problem. You are...?
About the camera
Hey, this name was your idea!
Roto roto!
We did it! That's a great clue.
Will you be starting up your research now?
Didn't notice anything, huh.
Ah! There's your coffee!
Hm?! See! I told you!
Thank you. Oh! Tim's working in the courtyard, too?
Good luck with work!
What kind of person is Director Dorothy?
Paper scrap
I think Nina is starting her experiment in the courtyard. We should go take a look.
Thank you, Mr. Baker.
Yup, that's when we came here.
Research log
Gengar! It passed right through that door.
About the mysterious Pokémon
I'm so close...
You're not his partner? He's your servant? Well, you've got some nerve.
Hey, Tim, it seems like this facility has one extra Pokémon in addition to the partners of the research staff. Even the other Pokémon don't know what it is, but do you have any idea?
Oh yes, I've been informed. Nice to meet you.
Nothing here.
Do you know how to capture it? It keeps getting away.
It smells like grass.
Was it?
Whoa!
Don't get too excited. We need to confirm it first.
Good to hear. It looks a bit like a test tube, but don't get confused!
I see—it is a Ghost-type Pokémon after all. We're in trouble then, because I don't know, either.
We need to lure it out somehow. How about it? Any ideas?
Hm?
Of course! Nina's ghost stories! I bet that at least some of them are caused by the mysterious Pokémon. Right! Let's go find Nina's report on ghost stories!
About the mysterious Pokémon
About trekking
Empty can
So I guess it is only me you can understand.
Thanks, Tim.
Glad you're here! Guy before you quit, so we've been in a pickle ever since!
I heard Nina is keeping a record.
That's it! We can use a flashlight to get rid of the shadows and flush it out! Let's go find a flashlight!
About the ghost stories
There must be a hint around here somewhere. Let's have a look around.
Hm? There's a book woven in lace next to the picture records of Pokémon research.
Yeah!
So, Carlos, your research partner is Rotom, right?
Shuckle.
That's right! It's thanks to you, Tim. Stop by the courtyard later, and I'll show you what I do!
Hah! Nina has you making medicine by the gallon as rehearsal for the shoot? That must be hard work. Hang in there!
So it must be one of the Pokémon in the picture of the founders. Let's have a look in myCase Notes.
(Perfectly fine? If anything, it's even better than outside?)
About the mysterious Pokémon
What? You opened the lock? Wow! Pikachu, it seems like your partner is quite dependable!
Fennekin.
Hey there! Hello? ...Hmm, nothing. Not even a grunt.
About PCL
Do you know about the television shoot?
Fennekin?
Cleaning supplies.
About the mysterious Pokémon
Come on now. Have a look at your notes. It's in your Case List. A vial looks like a test tube, and is used for holding medicine.
Pokémon cry (Let's play!)
What?
Old research log
Now, in order to find the vial, we need to get an idea of what this facility looks like. It would be great if we could find a map or something.
Just try and help out the other members of the facility as best you can! They'll keep you busy, I'm pretty sure, but hang in there. For me, all you need to do is gather trash for my research. I'm using a machine to figure out how the different types of garbage get purified.
Research on Relicanth and ancient Pokémon
The television shoot is tomorrow.
Not bad, you're pretty sharp to notice at that point.
Shuckle.
I'm having everyone wait until it's their turn. Nina will be presenting her research first, and then it will be Wallace.
Oh, that unscientific nonsense. I couldn't care less.
They store everything here.
Solosis!
I wonder if this is the kind of thing Dorothy likes.
You're going to need to keep your last name a secret somehow.
Yeah, that basement was certainly a surprise. So, the same timing as me, huh? You may make a fine detective yet! But I'm still the best detective around here, OK?
It's freshly squeezed grass juice.
It just went berserk all of a sudden.
Whoa!
The name's Tim—Tim Ottman.
Mm-hm...
You're right. Let's have a look around now.
The note we found hidden in the library is the link between the input key for this device and the Pokémon chart. Open up your Case Notes and let's solve this.
We've decided to help out with Nina's experiment. A pleasure to be working with you!
Oh, so Trevenant and Floette are looking after the plants, huh?
Research on Whiscash and earthquakes
Yes, this Pokémon can enter machines and control them. But well, as you saw...it's not very cooperative. I'm trying to understand it better, by talking to it and reading it books.
Shuckle.
Sorry to bother you. Is it all right if we take some of Solosis's culture solution for Nina's experiment?
A lot of encyclopedias...but also books on organization management and leadership.
Tim, you know who it is, right? It's that person!
Pokémon cry (Welcome!)
Pokémon cry (Who are you?)
Nina's ghost-stories report
Well, time for the shoot! I'm so nervous.
Maybe we can use this to capture Gengar...?
Oh, I'm so sorry! That's yesterday's video. I don't normally need to check the cameras, so... Let's see, this button does that, and—
Thanks to Tim, I can conduct my experiment. My partner is that Shuckle over there. It hides in its shell if it hears footsteps, but as long as you approach quietly, it doesn't get scared.
A normal potted plant.
Of course! The voice said, "I was here first."
Let's check out this notebook.
About the Pokémon incidents
Klefki!
Oh, hello there! Is this your room? We've just started working at this laboratory today. Nice meeting ya!
About Solosis
All right! Let's use this catching equipment to capture Gengar when it tries to escape to the meeting room.
Such a mystery. Well! I guess it's off to the lab!
About the television shoot
Pokémon cry (oh)
Yah!
Gengar was causing all the supernatural phenomena? Well, I'm a little disappointed that there's no more mystery, but I'm glad my reports were of some use.
Research on the Illusion Ability
About Pikachu
Minc!
Yeah, he's feeding the Trevenant.
*gasp* Trevenant! Is it OK?
Please don't take what Wallace said personally. He can be a bit rough, but he's not a bad person. Good luck investigating the mysterious Pokémon, and do let me know if I can help.
How are things since then?
Not likely.
If we check it, we can get a flashlight.
Hmm, that would work for other Pokémon, but we're up against Gengar. Maybe some other method would be better.
Yeah, nothing to see here.
They communicate with telepathy, right? Maybe that'll work. (Hey, Solosis! Solosis!)
Still, I feel restless just sitting around here and waiting.
Things have been pretty rough.
Fennekin!
It has really strong psychic power? Oh, and it's kind of weird, huh.
This research facility certainly lives up to its name. Brrr, it's quiet, but a little chilly.
Hmm, I watched the video, too, but I've never seen a Pokémon like that before. Maybe it got in from outside.
Yes, I promise we'll capture it!
Do you know of PCL?
Yeah. Don't worry. I'm sure Holiday is doing his best.
Battery
Fridge
Nina is apparently keeping some records, but do you happen to have that report?
Hello! Good morning! My name is Tim Ottman, and I'm going to start working here today.
Solosis!
About the old laboratory
Hmm, it doesn't look like anyone's left since Trevenant went berserk.
About the television shoot
Good morning.
What kind of Pokémon were here back in the old days? There was a shelf with Pokémon data we haven't looked at yet. Let's check it out.
Solosis!
(What's Wallace like?)
Don't you feel like you want to cooperate with his research?
Hey, hey, isn't the passcode △☆◇□?
Oh, you're the new part-timer! My name's Rita. Nice to meet you! I'll call the director. You can wait over there.
Such a shame. He was doing so well, too... Anyway, I'll leave the rest to you, Fridge. I have some errands to run.
Shuckle.
Shuckle.
Rebuilt? That itself is news to me. The facility was as it is now when I first joined.
Oh, if you need it, help yourself.
I was a little surprised when you called up asking to borrow the car. But you found a part-time job. And as a lab assistant—pretty impressive!
Solosis!
Hmm? So Duosion talks to someone that drops by from time to time? How interesting...
About Garbodor
"Trevenant is a Ghost- and Grass-type Pokémon, and apparently it can control the trees in a forest."
About the incident in the courtyard
No problem. I'll ask around.
This is terrible. What's happened here?
Tim's not like that!
Big deal. So what's your point?
Calm down, Tim. I know you want answers but—
Hello there. I've heard you did a lot of good yesterday. Nina and Rita were very impressed.
Pikachu! Look!
I heard you caught Gengar! How did you do it? I knew you could do it, Tim.
You're happy that Nina's happy? Oh, no need to thank us!
Let's check the others.
What?! You were able to capture Gengar! Great job! I guess that's case closed!
It's all tied up, but please be careful.
Heh, did Nina talk to you about that, too? Such ghost stories can't be real. Eh, I suppose you're still free to read it if you like. Here, I'll give this to you.
No, not at all. I've never seen a Pokémon like that.
Thank you very much.
First in was Dorothy, and then Nina and Fridge came in.
Now, now, calm down. No need to be scared. Trevenant has settled down already.
Whoa! Seems like my telepathy worked.
What?
No, it doesn't hurt! I wonder why everyone is nervous.
I see. We'll have to figure out how to stop it from escaping like that in the future.
About the map
A vial!
This is amazing...
About Pokémon-related incidents
Let's hear what Gengar has to say.
Yeah. That means the culprit is still hiding somewhere in this facility.
Where's your hat?
Yeah, you must have been surprised.
Trevenant! Are you OK?
I'm getting to that. At the time... Dorothy was out of the facility. Wallace was in Building B. Both Fridge and Nina were busy working in their lab. The only person unaccounted for... happens to be you!
Different types of grass are in a row.
Is there anything you know, or have noticed?
Thank you very much!
Thank you!
Ah. So you "take care of the garden along with Trevenant and Floette," huh? No wonder it's so nice!
That's another case solved. Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Roto?
That's right.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm going to present this medicine. It's all thanks to you, Tim. I'm in your debt.
Yeah.
Yeah, do you want to go?
Apparently there's some kind of hidden mechanism in the middle bookshelf of thelibrary. You need to tilt the books in the order of: yellow, blue, green, red.
Pokémon cry: Who?
About Floette
It looks like it's from before PCL was rebuilt.
Trevenant!
Do you know anything about this research facility before it was rebuilt?
Hold on a minute there! Let me think... Oh, I remember! I went out for my afternoon walk! That explains exactly where I was!
Yeah, nothing at all...
Right. I think we'll be able to shed light on the situation if we can capture that Pokémon.
A toolbox.
What? Research! I'm asking you about the research! What do you mean, "What is that?" Hmm, it's clear you're not interested at all.
Right? A Pokémon from the old facility may be our mysterious Pokémon. It must be one of the Pokémon we saw in the library.
Pika! Pika, pika. Pika.
Solosis!
Hmm? Don't get so defensive.
About the director
About PCL
Hee hee.
What's up?
"In order to capture Pokémon, it is most effective if they have a status condition.
I saw someone I didn't recognize just now. Do you know anything about that?
Hey, Tim! You're thinking what I'm thinking, right?
Nothing else that really grabs my attention.
Garbo garbo.
OK, let's check the next record.
Are all the keys you have for places in this research facility?
She may seem a bit intimidating at first, but she's a very nice person—no need to be afraid. There are a lot of troublemakers in our staff, so she has to be a little strict.
Do you know anything about this laboratory from before it was rebuilt?
Floe!
See that? She really likes me.
A mysterious Pokémon, huh? This seems like something I need to make a note of in my ghost-stories report.
Pokémon cry
What?
Surveillance-camera image
Did you find out anything?
All right! Now that we've got Dorothy's blessing, we're free to snoop around this facility without raising questions!
OK. I'd like to see if we can find another one of these vials.
Huh? That has something to do with the case? I think Dorothy mentioned something, about how this facility was involved in some dangerous experiments...
It won't open. It looks like it's locked.
Well, that was a pretty bad shot.
I wonder if Dorothy's tool is in here.
Cool! I'll take it from here.
I brought some garbage.
I'm surprised to run into you here! What research are you working on?
Pikachu! This must be it!
Man, he really doesn't know when to give up.
No, I feel like there must be something better than that...
You've been doing great work the last couple of days, Tim. Thanks for solving the mystery for us.
Berries are growing.
I guess you're pretty security conscious, using surveillance cameras and everything.
Let's see if we can find a map to this place. Is there one hanging on a wall somewhere?
About vials
About other Pokémon
I've never seen a Pokémon like that before. When did it have a chance to get in?
Good morning, Tim, Pikachu! Nina told me about your adventure yesterday. You're very impressive!
Today's the day of the television shoot. Why don't you try listening to what he says today?
Hey, have you seen this vial?
Rita
Oh, it was nothing... Wait, what?
Carlos...take a look at this.
Thank you for believing that I was innocent.
Thanks so much for your help in the cave! Our ratings were great, thanks to the scoop footage. Our superiors were pleased, too. It was cold—and terrifying—but it was all worth it.
Oh, great.
But what?
Your partner seems really nice, huh?
Ghost-stories report? You mean the record of all the things that've happened?
Yeah, we can't tell the others, but I bet this incident was caused by a person. Someone is controlling that Pokémon.
We've got to gather everything that could possibly be a clue!
It's not like we can participate in the interrogation, but we can go for a bit of a drive. Come on!
I guess you don't know much about the mysterious Pokémon?
What's wrong with you? Come on—let's go.
Hey, thanks for the help! Hit the switch on the machine in the back.
Yeah, yeah.
"Finally, I've finished my analysis of the equipment! Now I can move the 'R' production equipment and conduct my research as I wish."
Roto roto!
Of course, the Pokémon research facility, right? They do research on everything from handy day-to-day gadgets to energy sources of the future.
Hmmm.
Trevenant?
Solosis!
Klefki.
Nina said she was keeping records. Do you have her report?
I think you're right, Pikachu! Now we can start deducing!
No, I don't, sorry. Actually, I didn't even know it had been rebuilt.
February 13, 2:30 a.m.
Seems like we need two Berries and one type of liquid for the experiment. Maybe Nina can tell us more about it.
Yes
Of course, you say? And what's more? You have every kind of key for this place?
Phantump! Are you all right?
Weren't you reading something when I came in?
Let's get started! Open up your Case Notes!
That's Wallace.
It's last year's date.
Hey, good work! It's a map of the facility. Let's see here... The red triangle is where we are now.
Old research log
Shuckle.
Yeah, thanks, Ludicolo.
We're counting on you, Tim!
Floe!
What's wrong? There's nothing I need from you or Pikachu at the moment.
Dorothy's really working hard, huh...
Hmm, doesn't seem like it...
Yeah, that's it! It's kind of embarrassing to call them ghost stories, but it's easier to understand than "mysterious-events report." I record all the mysterious things that happen. This is the first time anything as bad as this has happened, though.
How goes the research?
I'm investigating Pokémon-related incidents.
...And that's the situation. What should I do?
All right! I expected nothing less from you.
Pika pika!
About Duosion
Tim, this is amazing!
(Hey, so what kind of guy is Wallace?)
Haven't we seen a sudden change like that before?
Pleasure to meet you, Tim.
About Aipom
Listen. I'm glad you all came.
Right. Well, it's pretty unique. If we see one, we'll know it!
I guess you've never seen it before?
Hey, what's a Berry doing in a place like this?
No, the pleasure is mine.
Hmm? You can be on television whenever you want? Well, I guess that is true for you.
Don't you know? The culprit is the one who was using this room. You can tell from the evidence in this room!
A bunch of equipment jumbled together.
Hm?
Gaaarbo garb.
Oh? Tim seems really nice, too, you say? Now that you mention it, I guess he is.
About Pikachu
About Duosion
Oh, I heard that a Glalie went berserk in Litwick Cave.
Pokémon cry: I think you've got thewrong Pikachu...
He won't be able to escape anyway. We should leave the rest to the police.
What's the evidence?
Yeah, it's a pleasure! ...I guess she can't understand.
"The purpose of this research is to focus on the effects of the Pokémon move Electroweb and utilize it to create a useful tool for capturing Pokémon. —Dorothy Fisher"
Well, we've found the map. Now we can relax on the sofa while we wait for the director.
You and Nina are going to show your research first, huh? Good luck out there!
Klefki!
He's gloomy? Always muttering to himself in front of you?
Oh yeah! I've already gone through it, so here it is if you want to read it.
Sure thing! Emilia's here, too, so we'll be fine! Looks like we've got another scoop on our hands!
You mean Tim?!
Berry core
Yes, I borrowed it from the library.
About colors
No
Was Pikachu at the sweets again?
Huh? "A human wearing white clothes"? I knew it—it's one of the staff! Hey, tell us what that person looks like!
What do I need to do?
Gen.
Yeah. I don't know how well it'll work, but it's our only hope.
I wonder if this would work as the "grass juice" for the experiment.
Hi.
Duosiooon!
What?
It's a coffee maker.
Yes, I heard the cameras were added when the new facility was built. The director of the time was apparently a very cautious person.
There's a vial here.
About Harry
We've got all the evidence. Now we just need to put it all together...
Hello, Tim. It must be tough for you to have to be involved in this, too. I want to hurry up and get back to my research.
Hm?
Any ideas about this?
It's crammed with reports on research.
Let's have a look.
(You're busy now. Come back later? And you're bored to death and want to talk? Which is it?!)
All right, let's get out of the basement.
Looks like it even has information on some cutting-edge stuff.
Oof!
Any idea about what it might be?
Yes, indeed. It used to be so well-mannered. At this rate, I'm worried it will develop a belly!
Klefki!
???
Don't mention it. You're the one who's always been helping me out!
It looks like he's experimenting to see how environments change how they grow.
It's a twig.
Oh...
Most of that was thanks to me.
About the courtyard
I'm sure it will. Let's take some.
Pokémon cry (What a weirdo!)
Oh, no, not really...
Yeah.
Trevenant.
It looks like this door can be opened with the device next to it.
Other staff member
Uh, yeah...
I'm trying to make orange medicine. Would you know how to mix colors?
Do you know how I might capture it? It keeps escaping.
We need the recordings from the securitycameras. Let's go talk to Rita at the front desk.
About Rotom
A liquid that will help make the flavor and smell more mild... According to our research, the culture solution should work well for that. I think Wallace had some. Let's go check with him.
Hmm?
Must be a snack for Fennekin.
Hm, so Nina has something similar, eh...
About Pikachu
How's it going?
Harry's son, huh? This could cause complications. Get him out of the facility as soon as you can.
Maybe it's colder because it has no windows.
In the cave—
So, the mysterious Pokémon was responsible for these ghost stories after all.
Hey, Rita! Wait a second...
Klefki!
About the incident in the courtyard
I've been there before, so I was surprised. It's so scary.
Hey! Sorry about that. I got tangled up with some Pokémon-adoring cuties.
(Dodge Confuse Ray)
Roto roto!
Oh, nothing important. Don't worry about it.
About ghost stories
The flowers here are beautiful. Someone must be taking very good care of them.
"We stumbled upon some materials from the old laboratory while searching through the library and found out about this room.
Oh, this is Dorothy's research.
Did my dad mention anything about PCL?
Now all we need are two Berries. We want to make an orange color, right? I saw some Berries growing on the treesin the courtyard. Just try shaking the trees.
Yup, it was the same with Glalie.
Well, yeah. More of an errand boy than an assistant. It's a place called PCL.
About the experiment
When we arrived at PCL
Someone must have hid it here.
"The former staff apparently used this room for secret experiments. I've heard that PCL was closed down a while back because Pokémon went berserk. Could this have anything to do with that?
Phantump.
Duosiooon.
About research
Ah, this aroma...does not make me want to drink this coffee.
So is this building we're in the new facility you mentioned?
About ghost stories
During Nina's experiment
There's nothing here anymore.
"First, I will read through the materials in this room."
I wish I could find Dad and give Mom some peace of mind.
Now we've met everybody. They're all a little weird. It must be one of them...
Who is the culprit?
So what are your superiors like?
Found vial
We already got the grass juice.
Hmm... Um-hmmm... OK, yeah, I see now...
Yep and on the left is Building A, and... that's a courtyard in the middle.
Pokémon cry (Are you stupid?)
I have a message for you from Carlos. He said he wants you to come to the courtyard to help set up for the television shoot.
Yeah, now we know its characteristics. The only thing left is to actually figure out which Pokémon it is.
All of this should be enough to conduct the experiment. Let's go try it out with Nina.
About ghost stories
Floe floe.
Well, good luck, Tim!
That's a vividly colored bottle.
Pokémon cry: Yummy! Yummy!
Yes, so? I have no idea what that is...
You don't know? Hmm, I guess it can't be helped. Do you remember anything else? Anything at all?
I heard a large sound from behind the wall. Was this shoot for a movie?
This isn't getting us anywhere.
Berries are growing.
Minccino!
Come to think of it, there was a similar vial on her desk. The size was different, though.
(Frustrated to pushing Reax) 
I knew you'd figure it out. I'm almost positive it's as you say. And Trevenant was acting just like Glalie was in the cave! I bet this is tied to Harry's case, too.
Hey, Tim, listen up for a moment.
Uh...
Come on, let's follow Fridge.
About Wallace
All right! Let's get started. Press the button on the machine.
Oh...
"Electricity and Rotom"?
Hmmm, that's the first time I've seen a Pokémon like that. I don't think it's one of ours.
Yup. The culprit must've figured out Harry was on to them at some point.
So, the mysterious Pokémon was Gengar? Why would Gengar be here? Maybe it lives in the nearby mountain pass.
Oh, just push the button on the purifying machine in the back of the room.
I bet it's crunchy.
Yeah.
Do you know about PCL?
Gen gen.
Huh? Where's that voice coming from...
Huh? How dare that Pokémon be mysterious? You think you're enough mystery for one laboratory? That's...not helpful.
Pokémon cry (See ya)
Is this the vial we're looking for?! Pikachu, have a look!
I see. It is a Ghost-type Pokémon, after all. We're in trouble—I don't know, either.
No, uh...Trevenant suddenly went berserk.
Yeah. Thank you!
Sorry, Tim.
There's nothing on the stage.
Oh! Well...hello!
Looks like we need to go through that to get to Building B, on the right.
You're separated from Nina, aren't you?
Oh, you and Rita look after the flowers?
(ugh)
Understood.
Right! We need to start investigating if we want to put the pieces together!
Nothing at all, unfortunately.
Please, let me experiment.
I see you figured out the passcode.
I know. Once they're done with the interrogation, I'm sure we'll have some more news.
I've heard that PCL has been rebuilt once. I'd like to find out more about the old PCL. Do you know anything?
About research
Tim, do you know who the culprit is? If you do, let's get everyone together and root out the culprit.
Something more you need from me?
Thanks for letting me use the car.
It says, "A Guide to Catching Pokémon."
About Nina
That's right. This research facility had to be rebuilt once, although that was more than 10 years ago.
You even have the key to the director's office, huh? That's pretty amazing.
About Mudkip
(Eating the sweets again?)
About Wallace
Now, now.
About the television shoot
About vials
We've captured the culprit in the meeting room. Turns out it was Gengar.
Hmm? What's a vial doing in a place like this? That's strange... Pikachu, have a look.
Yeah, you're right, Pikachu.
Pokémon cry (What a strange Pikachu!)
Shuckle.
Pokémon cry: Pi?
You think the old PCL is tied to the mysterious Pokémon? I don't know much about old times, but we do have some records. They should be in the library, second shelf from the back.
All right, let's go!
No problem. It's parked downstairs. We just washed it, too!
What's up? Did the experiment work?
Good to see you again.
Why would you gather us here like this?
About Gengar
No, never.
That's right. We can use the information we have to figure out what it is!
It says, "Fridge's Stuff" on it.
Huh, is that because the buildings got old?
Yes, I'm usually on the same wavelength as Ghost-type Pokémon, but Rotom is also an Electric type, and I think that's why I can't grow close to it. First, I need to understand that before I can get anywhere.
About the courtyard
What? The mysterious Pokémon was Gengar? If that's true, I have to accept that you're innocent.
Pokémon cry
Pokémon cry (Oh no)
Oh, you caught Gengar? That makes me feel better. Great work, Tim!
About the television shoot
I can't wait.
Thank you. Meiko and I will keep an eye on it. I guess our report on PCL will have to be another time.
Way to go, Tim!
Correct
It says it's happy it can eat so much trash.
Once in a while is OK, huh. Nina's waiting in the meeting room until the shoot starts, as I recall.
What kind of guy is Fridge?
About the television shoot
I'd like to help you out, Fridge.
Really? Do you want to think about it a little more?
I see. "That person always operates the secret device in the library and comes to play with you." Secret device? What's that?
Oh, sorry we barged in. I'm Tim. Today's my first day here at work!
About Klefki
The whole place is wrecked. And it was such a nice garden...
Pokémon cry (Yay!)
You and Rita aren't going on the show?
Sure, please do.
Whoa!
About the mysterious Pokémon
It really seems to love it, huh?
Yes, and Gengar is the cause of all the ghost stories, too.
(Coff coff) No subtitles
It's leftovers from Trevenant's meal.
About Fennekin
Hey! What did you do to Trevenant?!
Hey.
About juice
This vial didn't have anything to do with it.
The trash can...is empty.
We've found a map. Why don't we have a seat on that sofa and wait for the director.
Let's get some coffee for an experiment. Pikachu, do you want to do a taste test?
Hm? We can't do an experiment without trash. Go have a look in the trash cans around here and see what you can bring back.
How about it, Tim? Do you know who the culprit is? I can't talk to humans, so it's up to you to reveal what we've deduced to everyone.
Shuckle! Are you hurt?
"It is theorized that Relicanth has kept the same form for one hundred million years.
Hey, you guys! Smile for the camera!
Floe.
Gengar was behind all the ghost stories, too. But it got away from us... Would you happen to know how to capture Gengar, Carlos?
We've gathered testimony from all the staff and the Pokémon.
Yeah...and we've still got some work to do. You know, we make a pretty good team.
When Trevenant went berserk
Yeah, one of them may have something to do with that vial.
Solosis!
Oh, sure! Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Building B is through this garden. I bet there are staff members over there, too. We can pretend we came to introduce ourselves while we look around for the vial.
Seems they're listed by type.
What a fiend! I swear I'll find whoever did this and get them to talk!
Garbo garbo.
Great to have you here.
I received word from the inspector. Appears it wasn't a part-time job after all. You went there to investigate... even after I told you to stay outta trouble. You chose not to listen to me.
Oh, Meiko, stop! This has nothing to do with our story!
Uhhhh... Well, we were feeding it, when suddenly— Wait! I could have sworn there were some leftovers...
I thought maybe you could help... but obviously amateurs can't be trusted. Now go on. Get outta here!
Hey now! That's the meeting room. Come by my laboratory first.
About the television shoot
"PCL has observed Relicanth and analyzed its behavior in order to learn more about ancient Pokémon and their ecology."
Uh?
You were "able to hide in the grass," huh. Glad to see you're not hurt.
The trash can is empty.
Indeed? Of course. I knew it from the start. Everything has a concrete cause, and there's no room for supernatural nonsense.
*pant pant*
(Coff coff) No subtitles
What?
You know, we just saw an unfamiliar Pokémon near Trevenant. Do you know anything about it?
(Wallace is smart for a human, but can't even pick up telepathy, so he needs to try harder... Now, leave you alone because you're very busy, and stick around so we can talk some more?) What is up with this Pokémon...?
About Garbodor
I guess so. Yup, that's what I expected.
Well, actually, I've heard rumors that something went berserk during an experiment, and destroyed most of the building. I don't know the details, but maybe director Dorothy does?
About the television shoot
When we found the basement
Yes. It seems like the one responsible for the ghost stories is the mysterious Pokémon.
March 19, 4:22 a.m.
About the mysterious Pokémon
About Wallace
Not interested at all, eh. I guess you have the most fun just looking after the flowers.
Huh? Have you forgotten who Fridge is? You wrote it down in your Case List.
Hmmm, Ghost types are my area of expertise, but how to capture Gengar is beyond me. Sorry, I won't be much help...
Thank you very much!
It's funny, isn't it? I wonder if my dad is out there somewhere in this city.
What a long day. What do you make of today's case?
Begin Nina's experiment
Right. Now we need to make sure it hasn't escaped outside.
I'm sorry. There was just something I needed to find out.
Hey, he went into the library!
Pikachu, have a look at this! It says, "If Gengar is hiding in a room, the temperature can drop by almost 10 degrees"! Also...it says, "It slips into the shadow of its prey and waits for a chance to steal its life force"! Do you think—?
Klefki!
About Herdier
Thanks!
We did it!
Pokémon cry: Oo-ohh!
Could you let me in?
Hold on a sec... Gengar took off with those!
About the mysterious Pokémon
The trash can... It had an empty can in it! We got an empty can.
About the mysterious Pokémon
It did! All thanks to Tim!
Well, good people, I'd say! I get in a lot of trouble, but we're given the freedom to do more or less what we want.
He's a nice guy because he gives you trash?
"It seems that this room is where 'R,' a substance that strengthens Pokémon, was developed. The effects of 'R' are temporary, and the side effects are severe. It's not practical in its current form.
We're looking for some trash to use for Fridge's experiment. Do you have anything?
About Solosis and Duosion
About the courtyard
About colors
Yeah, I'm pretty busy right now, ya know...
I'm a little nervous.
I feel a bit like a parent watching their children perform. I hope Wallace is OK. He normally does a good job when in the spotlight, so I made him one of the first presenters, but... I'm a little worried he might say something strange.
All right, let's go have a look!
I wonder if there's something in here we can use to capture Gengar.
(Oh, no, he's not talking to himself. He's trying to communicate with you.)
Trevenant...
Sounds like there's something going on. Let's go talk to Fridge.
You like that kind of story, Tim? You may be able to find the report Wallace returned somewhere in Nina's desk.
What? Trevenant? And is everyone OK?
Yeah, I don't see any other hallways.
Ohhh, that's right. I heard that you'd be coming. I'm Carlos. And this here is my partner, Rotom.
Well! Let's head on in. We've got some pretty unique people working here. But don't sweat it—we're all cool!
We're trying to make an orange medicine for Nina's experiment. Do you know any tricks for how to do that?
Watch out!
A picture of the PCL staff.
Mr. Gengar! Come out, come out, wherever you aaaaare!
Yeah, but we can't be sure just yet.
I don't see anything that looks promising.
Do you have a report?
What is the proof someone planned this?
This Hi-Hat blend is as delicious as ever. Believe it or not...Pablo really knows what he's doing!
Fennekin!
About the mysterious Pokémon
About work
About the television shoot
That is true. And they were hidden in the secret underground lab.
(How many times do I have to tell you?!)
Trevenant's leftovers
Yah!
Please, give me the details.
There's a signature—"John Waals."
About the hint from Wallace
I thought it'd be beyond you. But you've passed the test. I'll give you that much credit. So welcome to my laboratory.
Yeah... Me, too.
We got some coffee earlier.
Oh, you mean Nina's report? I've already finished reading it, so you can take it.
Yeah, let's go ask Rita in the lobby.
Solo.
About the mysterious Pokémon
(What's Duosion like?)
I heard this facility was destroyed once in an accident and then rebuilt. Do you know anything about that?
Tee hee hee!
No, nothing at all. What's on your mind?
About the television shoot
It says its tail is more dexterous than its hands, and it can hang from a tree even if it's asleep.
We want to get into the storeroom. Will you open the door for us?
Hey, this is a nice garden! The greenery seems healthy. Makes this whole place feel good.
(Hey there. Nice to meet you. Are you all right crammed into tight places like that?)
Sure, just bring me garbage. You should be able to find some in trash cans around here.
Tell us more.
Doesn't it bother you?
About the ghost stories
"However, I've never seen such interesting research. I'll keep it a secret from my fellow researchers for now."
Minc!
And came right back out. Maybe he was hiding the passcode chart?
Oh? Hahaha! Tim! The only place this Pokémon can't open is the courtyard. It takes a passcode instead of a key, so Klefki is disappointed.
Wow, I don't understand half of it, but that's some hefty research.
Yeah, there's no doubt about it. The black shadow is Gengar!
Solosis!
Oh, come off it. You were in the middle of a nap.
About the mysterious Pokémon
I was told Nina is keeping a record. Do you have the report?
Help with Nina's experiment
Fail
We found some clues on Dad, but more questions, too. According to the research log, someone bought "R" from Carlos.
First things first, let's find out what the mysterious Pokémon was. Best way to do that is to gather testimony. We need to ask thestaff and Pokémon if they've seen it before.
Hm? Does what?
Whoa!
(rebellious Pokémon cry)
Hey there. Great weather today!
Be sure to make a note of this map. Remember, we're here to find the vial.
I know exactly how you feel...believe me. But no good can come of it if you're harmed. I'm just glad nothing happened to you.
As for Nina's experiment, we can't get this liquid to turn orange...
That's the courtyard over there. Come by my laboratory first.
Seems like you're ready to roll! But, please, no poisonous gas.
What? You heard its voice? "I was here first," huh? You sure that's what he said?
"It has been said from ancient times that earthquakes occur when Whiscash becomes angry, but this has yet to be proven.
Solosis!
Phantump.
Let's look up other Pokémon, too.
Hmm, I've seen that name somewhere before. For now, let's just give it a read.
Hup!
How about it? Was there anyone who grabbed your attention?
What is the proof they made the medicine?
An accident?! No, that's the first I've heard of it! Seems like we've stumbled into another scoop!
About work
Hey, wait a second. Meiko had the camera out! Maybe she caught something?
I want to mix two Berries to make an orange color. Just shake the trees in this garden to get the Berries. We're raising them for our experiments.
Pikachu, I've found a weird note!
Who's this weirdo?
Well, you should have a look at the color- combination chart. Here, I'll give you this.
There's something that looks like a chart.
OK...
I'm sorry. I'm not very good with the advanced research they do here. I won't be much help.
"I combined the necessary materials and let it mature for a day, but...
April 8, 11:00 a.m.
(Those sweets are for clients only!)
Oh, no, nothing at all!
Harry...where could you possibly have disappeared to?
That's the director's office over there. Come by my laboratory first.
Someone else, huh?
What is the proof they didn't go for a walk?
I guess the experiment worked! I could hear Nina's excitement all the way here. And I take it Dorothy's back, too.
Are the incidents with Pokémon still happening?
Right. Why don't we wait on that sofa.
Klefki!
Well, congratulations!
Will you be presenting your research on cells, Wallace?
What a refreshing smell.
Vial
It has their slogan written on it.
Tee hee. Wow.
Do you want to press the button?
Some test tubes.
I hope you can get along better.
This isn't the right vial.
(Hey, try sending me some telepathy. "Hide." "Fennekin." "Berry." "Blue." "Grass." What is that supposed to mean?)
It looks like the mortar is used to crush this plant.
Berries are growing.
So full of himself! We're the ones who figured it all out!
You must be Wallace? It's nice to meet you. Let me know if I can help you with anything.
(Coff coff) No subtitles
Oh, no, I'm just here as a part-time assistant. I'm living alone now, so I thought I'd try and earn a living on my own.
Trevenant!
Duosiooon!
Why "believe it or not"?
(My ear! My ear! You're stretching it out! Put me down!)
I meant it as a compliment! In order to really draw out the best flavors, you have to be hyperaware of the temperature and the humidity on the day you roast—
PCL, huh? A well-known Pokémon research facility. Good luck with your new job!
Oh? What a coincidence. I was thinking we should keep our eyes on that one, too.
Oh yeah! So, Meiko... you were shooting the courtyard, right?
Wow, I'd say he's got plenty of "unique" goingon himself.
Hey, it's not your fault! Don't worry—we'll catch the culprit!
Shuckle.
Thank you.
About Rotom
You're so cuuuute! I just love Pikachu so much!
About Trevenant
I feel like we should add that it likes causing mischief.
Fennekin!
About Gengar
Let's have Shuckle make us some juice.
Wait! Underground?
There are notes on other Pokémon, too.
Yah!
About Gengar
Hmm, you "sometimes feel a strange presence, and it was the same this time, so you're sure it's the same Pokémon"? Tell us what you can.
The trash can...had a battery in it! We got a battery.
(What's Solosis like?)
Ahhh... Great save, Tim. It was almost game over for me.
About the incident in the courtyard
Look, Pikachu! It's Trevenant's leftovers from lunch.
Dorothy! You're back! Who's this with you?
About the incident in the cave
Help Fridge
Yeah, I'll give it a shot! I wonder what kind of person Wallace is.
The testimonies from the Pokémon here about the mysterious Pokémon...and Nina's ghost stories.
Interesting, it has two brains and constantly switches topics? Maybe each brain is thinking different things.
"I've been contacted by a mysterious person. I was asked if I had a substance that would make Pokémon go berserk without the cause being determined.
(What's Wallace like?)
Think about it a bit. When you've figured out who the culprit is, come talk to me!
Oh, hahaha...
Of course. Once inside, stop by the front desk first.
Hi. This is Emilia from GNN.
Oh, an empty can! Thanks!
Oh yes, in the director's office. You're welcome to come and get it.
You helped us out in the cave. Consider us even.
Orange?
Oh? This is the problem Wallace came up with. I guess we can humor him a bit.
Huh? What's this thing? It looks like a megaphone.
Garb garb!
Who knows, but judging from what he's been up to, I bet he's a troublemaker. Now, don't forget to search for the vial!
You're running for your life. I'm glad you made it.
Old research log

About Gengar
About Berries
(Oh, it's you! This must be telepathy.)
Most likely. He went into the meeting room next. That's when he put up the problem.
Yeah, I agree! Dorothy, why not let Tim investigate the mysterious Pokémon?
Hey.
Nice to meet you both! What kind of research are you doing, Carlos?
Hmm, a flashlight? I guess not. I wonder what it could be.
I understand...
Did you see a shadowy Pokémon come running this way?
Phantump.
Solosis!
(Looks like Wallace is preparing for the shoot and isn't around. I hope you're not lonely.)
Whoa! Siiiiiiick!!
Yes, but when I mix them, the color comes out weird. I wish I could find someone who knows more about colors.
Pokémon cry (What are you guys?)
By the way, isn't Nina starting her experiment soon? Let's head to the courtyard and check it out!
What's wrong?
You certainly didn't hesitate to grab Emilia's hand!
About books
Indeed, they are. You may have seen the news about Aipom causing mischief at the station, and Glalie going berserk in that cave.
Yes, it's not exactly what I want to be doing, but if it must be done, I do know what I'm doing. My only concern is whether the people watching on TV can understand my research or not...
"At PCL, we have focused on the Water- and Ground-type Pokémon that can learn Earthquake and are studying the effects these Pokémon have on the earth when they use Earthquake."
I went ahead and made some notes.
They're all empty, though.
Research log
What kind of research are you doing, Nina?
I guess we can't get into the courtyard if we don't solve Wallace's little problem. Let's have a look at the whiteboard in the meeting room.
You've captured Gengar! Now we can all focus on our research in peace. Thank you so much!
Solo.
The mysterious Pokémon was Gengar. But it keeps escaping when we try to capture it.
"It's strong in spite of its size, and it can lift boulders. And it can even breathe underwater!"
Whoa, you seem to be in a good mood.
About other Pokémon
Come on, Wallace. Don't overreact!
It looks like it has some symbols on it.
About juice
Heh heh.
Nice to meet you. I'm Emilia Christie. And I'm here to prepare for the shoot!
No, I haven't seen anything. What's wrong?
Fletch!
Gen gen gen.
We probably shouldn't open that.
Yup. Trevenant chowed down on this and went berserk. That Gengar brought it here to hide it.
What are you doing, Fridge?! The gas came all the way over here!
Check the plants, huh... I don't think we've checked the ones in the library yet, have we?
About motive
I heard you captured Gengar! I knew you could do it, Tim.
That juice smells good! Let's go give it to Klefki.
Oh, you haven't gathered enough trash yet.
Solosis!
About the mysterious Pokémon
That's right. Even if it was Carlos who caused Harry's accident, there's much more going on behind the scenes. This investigation isn't becoming any more safe.
Amazing, Pikachu! You were able to get some information on the mysterious Pokémon!
"Shuckle is a Bug- and Rock-type Pokémon. It stores Berries in its shell. The Berries it stores melt and become juice."
Hm? Yeah!
Got it. I'll make a sketch of it.
Tomorrow is the television shoot.
