So...that means it's my turn now!
So, what are you going to shoot?
Hey there, wonderful evening!
Yeah.
Then that can only mean...
Thank goodness...
Yeah.
Pikachu!
Ask about the interrogation results.
Yes?
Pikachu, the time!
About the search for R
Should we think about where R might be hidden one more time?
For starters...I needed to make GNN the most influential TV station in this city.
Hm? What's up?
*laugh* That was a joke! All great detectives have this kind of skill.
A child with a hair band
About Keith's connection to the mastermind
Let's see... Where are there a lot of balloons that are also in a location where they'll be filmed? That bundle of four balloonsacross from Brad looks suspicious.
Don't panic! This is...
Ludi!
What caught your attention about capsule R?
Hmph, and here I was feeling a little bad for him!
Really? You know?
All right, now you're talking! Let's go, Tim! *grunt*
Less talking and more turning! But... I suppose this'll be our last conversation. So I might as well say...
*struggle*
Ugh, this guy's here, too?
About the R dispersal plan
About the parade
About the parade
Keith said he received orders from the mastermind via letters and phone calls.
Agh!
Yeah, we have to stop them!
Hey, welcome!
The stairs near the food stalls
There is no need to worry. Pikachu is only asleep. He will awaken in time.
About the balloons
What's up, Pikachu? 
Inspector Holiday!
First, we need to take out these screws.
Oh, Mr. Graham!
About the mastermind
Hold on!
Oh no... Is it because...you pushed yourself too hard yesterday to save me...? Pikachu...
About the parade
I'm in charge of filming the parade. I should be able to get good shots of both the Pokémon coming up the stairs as well as their progression through the square.
Did we really hear about someone like that?
Manec! Manec!
*groan*
Hmm, no, I don't think that has anything to do with the current problem.
Inspector Holiday is currently interrogating Keith at the station. He said he would come here as soon as he is done there.
Are you sure?
I live nearby, but I'm so excited about the parade I just couldn't stay cooped up in my house.
Let's try and figure out where they plan to disperse R, shall we?
*sigh* Thank goodness. He's awake.
I know. We should be able to deduce the locations based on the info we've gathered.
About the parade
Perfect timing! We've just finished removing all the kinds of R.
Yan yan.
You're right—those food stalls do have good smells coming from them...
Emilia, we think the culprit chose dispersion methods that suit the various forms of R.
The balloons
Yeah, I bet this place is going to get crowded. We can't let them disperse R in a place like this.
We need to hear what Holiday has to say.
Emilia, over here. Hurry!
Just get moving.
Hey, Tim! Glad to see you here! Man, aren't parades the best? We get to dance to our heart's content!
True fans figure out the routes of each parade and plan to see as many of them as possible!
I'm surprised to see you here at the parade, though. Is there something going on?
Accel!
Blast! I let my guard down this time! But your Pikachu can't use electricity, now can it? Which means...you are no match for me. Noivern, come!
A map of Ryme City, along with the parade schedule. We need to put this together with the information we found on the ship to deduce where the culprit is targeting.
Blahh! I got you!
Let's go hear what Emilia has to say. Maybe we'll gain some insight on gaseous R.
What do you mean?
Pokémon cry (Right here!)
About the parade
What's that? Pablo and the parade are both the best? Ha, yeah! You guys are the best team, that's for sure.
That's the Baker Detective Agency for you. They don't waste time!
We can count on you if something happens? You stayed out here without hiding just to tell us that? Heh, thanks.
Your father—Harry— is still alive. You will find him eventually... provided you do not give up. 
The locations for filming the parade
The parade is nice, but you've got to enjoy the food stalls, too! I want to eat everything, but that's not very healthy, so I've got to pick very carefully.
About the parade
Doesn't look like there's anything here.
What's wrong?
And once I accomplished that and GNN was in my power, I could use it to control all information in Ryme City. Meaning this city is mine to rule! But of course, a plan like that needed money, you know.
So I guess...that means...the case is closed?
Not so fast! 
No!
It's a terrible plan, for sure. But if we can pinpoint where they plan to use R, we may be able to stop the whole thing. Let's put our deductive powers to good use!
I know. It's not an easy thing to stomach, but we've got to be prepared for anything.
I've got all the information you wanted, Tim! We can do this!
Yes, absolutely! I'll make sure to get him here right away. Please be careful.
You're right. We should gather more info.
Hold on, Pikachu! He'll just run away if we go after him like this!
Calm down, Tim...
What's that? Thanks for helping? I don't think I saw you at GNN, though. Do you know me?
Did something happen?
Hey, did you see that guy over there who was really living it up? I ended up staring at him more than at the parade. It looked like he was having so much fun.
Right! But he'll make a run for it if we just go after him right now.
Speaking of treats, wasn't there a desertedfood stall? That's pretty suspicious if you ask me.
*groan* You...can't... I...won't...let you... *groan*
We don't have much time. Have you decided on which one to choose?
Yes?
About the parade
The treats
Seems like this is an emergency.
No, Inspector Holiday has informed us of the current situation. I am searching for R, together with Manectric.
The GNN mark
You're gonna shoot the parade from angles only you can get? You sure seem pumped. You're used to filming outdoors, too, huh?
Better to take action than to sit and think, eh? Let's go, Tim!
About the parade
You need the Volbeat to adjust the camera?
About the mastermind
We're crazy busy setting up for the shoot. The Exeggutor will be making their way here, so we need to make sure we can capture their full height!
Yan yan.
Pokémon will gather in the central square
Right! The Volbeat were flying the same route as the parade for their rehearsal, weren't they?
Pokémon cry (How's this?)
Yan yan!
About the parade
We're going to keep searching for the final location of R. I'm afraid I'll have to ask for your assistance in the investigation, too, Tim.
The stairs with the balloons
Why are you in such a hurry, Tim?
Oh, uh...not at all. I just wanted to take a little break, what with everything that happened.
You've got to live it up during festivals! Maybe I should put on a pretty hair band.
Right!
Someone at GNN might be the mastermind, right? It's got to be tough for Emilia to have to doubt her own coworkers. You've got to support her, OK?
Remember, Tim! Meiko's one of the GNN staff. Let's keep the stuff about R hidden for now, just in case.
The treats
Yes, today we're just going to enjoy ourselves. Thanks for helping with the video!
Let's make notes in the map as we think.
Let go of me!
I'll explain later! Please stay here and make sure nobody suspicious comes around.
About the treats
I'm sorry... I wasn't able to find out anything about Harry's whereabouts.
Ya ready? Let's do this!
This year's parade is going to be fantastic, too. It cheers you up to watch it, and it brings a bunch of customers with it, too! It's hard to beat an event like that. I hope it gets here soon!
You're in charge of guiding the Volbeat? You can't get the rehearsal started because the other members haven't shown up yet?
As a sort of marker, yes. The Volbeat are in the middle of a rehearsal and are flying the same route they will during the actual parade. So if we can shoot the Volbeat now, we'll be able to shoot the parade.
I see. Sounds like you're all set.
Illumiii!
Yeah. Wouldn't that be helpful if we want to figure out where R is hidden?
Oh yeah, the documents had the mark. Someone in GNN is likely the culprit. But that doesn't help us figure out where they plan to disperse R.
Who knows what would have happened if it weren't for you guys. Your help is much appreciated!
About the parade
Yeah... I've made up my mind.
Pokémon will gather in the central square
Yes
I thought we'd found the remaining R, and now it turns out there's one more hidden...
Right, let's go!
*frustrated grunt*
Where should we start?
We're going to the food stalls now! Daddy said he'll buy me a treat!
Yes! We did it, Pikachu!
Here's what we know... From these documents and your information... we should be able to deduce where the culprit plans to release R.
I know.
The balloons
Oh? You're wearing a red hoodie, and you're with a Pikachu, so... You must be the detective I keep hearing about! You can ask me anything!
I'm talking possibilities here. I trust Meiko, too. But until we know for sure, we can't let our guard down.
Yeah!
That's a very good observation. If the culprit wants to cause Pokémon to run wild, it'd make sense that they'd hide R somewhere along the Volbeat's route.
Yeah.
No! This is our chance, Tim! Look—the police have arrived!
A bolt—
It looks like it's supposed to mix the liquids on either side in the central tank. This machine looks important. Let's open it up!
Right, now listen. We need to get our deductive powers working. We found the liquid and gaseous R at the food stalls and staircase, respectively. I doubt the culprit would hide the remaining R near those spots. So...where else is left that would make for a spectacle if R was released?
About the parade
There's more to enjoy than just the parade. Check out all the different shops!
That's right! A man wearing a yellow hat!
*grunt* Listen up. Open the valves on both sides of the machine and start it up!
Manec!
Oh, don't mention it! You're not mixed up in anything dangerous again, though, are you? I mean, I guess you're safe as long as Pikachu is with you. You can just zap any enemies with electricity! Right, Pikachu?
Of brilliance!
The culprit is Roger!
I'm counting on you, Manectric. According to the documents Tim found, R has a slight but distinct scent. Manectric's nose is surely sensitive enough to sniff it out.
It seems like this plaza will get very crowded.
You're right! Now the culprit will only be able to run down the path to the left.
All right!
What do you need?
We still need to get the cells.
So that means...if they're going to release R, it'll be in the central square at eight!
But that's still not enough to really pinpoint the location.
Brad, we need your help! We're trying to corner that man from both sides.
Oh... *stumble* This should be the last of them. It's over. You did good, Tim.
Could that be...
*grunt*
So be it...
Yeah, we should look for him. Hey, Pikachu! That person over there...
Yep. Pablo.
Where is the remaining R hidden?
It's because I'm gathering data for R. There aren't a lot of opportunities where so many Pokémon are in one place. Besides, if GNN gets the scoop on the chaos, it'll help our reputation that much more!
About their dance
You can ask me anything!
Volbeee.
Letters and phone calls?
I don't think there's anything here.
The route of the Volbeat
Trust me. I don't call myself a great detective for nothing!
Let's check the info about the GNN shoot, too. Is there anything there that might help us reach a conclusion?
The treats
Why smuggle R in the first place?
I've gotta admit, I was surprised. I didn't think you could pull off a Thunderbolt.
So you think it's this balloon? That'd make sense. It's in front of the cameras, and it's along the route of the parade.
Yeah?
Let's go hear what Emilia has to say. Maybe we'll gain some insight on liquid R.
Ah, good thinking. It's the same for me. I wasn't in much of a mood to enjoy the cruise after Gino got arrested, so I decided to step off the ship and come here.
You were pretty reckless again, Tim.
Pokémon will gather in Central Square
Right. On the ship we found the R dispersal plan, plus information on the GNN shoot locations.
We're going to search the square for areas that could be used to disperse R in liquid, gas, and capsule form.
*grunt* *pant*
What? A child with a hair band? I don't think that has any connection to this.
I remember Emilia saying the filming locations were decided after Keith escaped. But that doesn't help us figure out where they plan to disperse R from.
*groan*
Yes, how can I help you?
About the parade
My girlfriend wanted to see the parade that had all the really cute Pokémon.
Thunderbolt? What are you talking about?
Who knows what the damage will be if the Pokémon go berserk during the parade... I don't want to have to report that kind of tragedy. Please, you need to find that R, Tim. I'll try and keep an eye out for it as well.
The treats, huh... I agree there's something about them that bugs me, but I don't think they're related to gaseous R.
We did it!
I'm going to do my best to find it. I think...I think the final R is hidden somewhere in this square.
About the parade
R in capsule form, huh. That's what Keith used on the ship, I think. But I don't think it's related to what we're trying to figure out right now.
Thank you...
Yes, what is it?
Yeah, that's what I think, as well. The parade's finale could be a major disaster.
Oh yeah, everyone running a food stall is helping to make the treats. One of the members of the organizing committee is going to come by and collect them all before 8 p.m.
Of course.
We don't have any information on R as a liquid. We should gather more testimony.
Yan yan.
The clock tower, huh... Makes sense. It's tall enough, and it's definitely a landmark!
I'll try and help figure out where.
The balloons, huh... I agree we should think about them, too, but I doubt they have anything to do with liquid R.
Pika?
About the R dispersal plan
Yes, and apparently they came quite frequently. He said he continued to receive orders even after his escape from GNN, and an order to hide a fourth placement of R came recently.
Right!
*gasp* But what happened to him? Wait! Mewtwo!
Only a bit farther to the office! The city is definitely different from usual, but you know where it is, right? It's on the floor above Pablo and Ludicolo's café, right ahead!
*chuckle*
Now there's only one type of R left!
What information could be a clue?
GNN got exclusive rights to cover the parade this year. If some sort of incident occurs, it'll be a huge scoop for us! I'm counting on you, Tim.
Perfect! Let's do this, Tim.
I'm sorry, sir.
Right. I'll try and find out what I can from GNN staff.
Hmph... Yeah, sure.
Ah, it's this type... All right! Pull the cable connected tothe machine.
Wah!
No! This is our chance, Tim! Look—the police have arrived!
Good work, both of you. But I've got some bad news. Apparently, there is one more location where they placed R!
You saw the police officer who was in front ofthe clock tower, right? I think there was a lady in that area, too. We haven't spoken to her yet!
Emilia isn't around today, so I just gotta do my best!
The route of the Volbeat
No
Please do—we need every bit of help.
About the search for R
Just leave everything to us.
The man with the yellow hat! After him!
Please do! We could use your help.
Manec manec!
That's so wrong...
What do you want to think about?
Keith sure left us with one serious parting gift, didn't he.
Illumiii.
...
What?! How do you know?
Its eyes are red! He must've used R!
You're right! Now the culprit will only be able to run down the path to the right.
About where Harry has gone
You don't remember? You saved my life!
Yeah, let's go get Manectric and have it check the balloon.
*grunt*
*grunt*
Huh?
If you want to watch the parade, this path leads to a great hidden spot. If you follow this path, it leads directly to the stairs on the other side. It's a great spot to get a view of the parade, but not many people know about it. A shame, if you ask me!
*laugh* Oh boy! That was a good one!
We only have 30 minutes until 8 p.m.! We should split up to search the square. Let's meet back here in five minutes!
Whew... That should be the last of the kinds of R.
About the R dispersal plan
Hmm, no, I don't think the balloons have anything to do with capsule R.
I've heard that the Exeggutor appearing in this year's parade have superlong necks! I can't wait to see them.
Very well. I'll move in from the left.
Fletch?
The square with the fountain
Oh, yes?
Your buddies told you that a weird Pikachu helped clear their names? Dunno why they would ever call me weird. Are you sure they're grateful?
I've put up all the documents here.
Pika! *groan* Piiiikaaaaaaachuuuuuuu!
But R must be hidden here somewhere.
Hey there, Tim! What's going on today? I think I just heard you mention R...
About the Hi-Hat Café
Oh, you're going to fly after the Volbeat and film them? Y'know, that sounds like it'd be more fun to watch than the parade itself!
Hm, we may need to think about it together with other information we have.
Tim, I've got it! The machine'll stop if we push the four buttons in the order they light up! First press the red button at the center— the one that's lit up.
About Keith's motives
Yeah, the capsule type. The same one Keith used before.
Tim! Stay back!
You've certainly gotten more respectable, Tim. All right, let's get moving! We're going to chase him down from this direction!
Hm?
Yan yan!
That's right. The culprit is planning to cause an incident where there are a lot of Pokémon. We should be able to figure out when and where Pokémon will gather from the parade information.
*pant* Mr. Baker! Did you find that information?
Hm? Is everything all right?
The route of the Volbeat
Please let me know if you find anything!
We need to find it quickly!
Whoa, hold on! I know you're anxious to get moving, but we can't run off yet! First, let's figure out with Baker where R is hidden.
Is the café closed for today?
Let's have a look around the whole square. Don't forget to gather testimony!
Yeah, if you want to check out the shops, now's the time to go—before it gets crowded. There's a bunch of them set up just ahead.
When the documents were made
About the parade
Let's go.
It's an honor. But you know...we also had an awful lot ofhelp, too.
Tim! It's already past seven o'clock!
About the parade
There was a man in a yellow hat who was putting up balloons four at a time. There was a really pretty pink one, so I asked him if I could have it, but he said no. I guess the balloons are for everyone.
R is likely to be somewhere along their flight path, but that doesn't help us pinpoint exactly where.
Flehhhtch?
Ooof!
Good evening! What's going on?
Got it, Emilia! We should go gather testimony, too, Pikachu!
Exactly. Let's review the R dispersal plan first. Was there any information that could give us a clue?
Remember the order they light up in!
We've received word: everyone available on the police force is searching the plaza. We haven't found anything yet, but we're going to stay on high alert until we do.
I came to watch with my girlfriend, but we've had a bit of a fight...
I think the clock tower is suspicious.
My thinking exactly. Let's go check it out!
All right, let's go find R! Give me a shout if you see anything suspicious. You know how to get my attention, right? It's the same as when you notice my signal.
So someone at GNN could be the mastermind behind all of this... That would explain why they were so quick to report R-related incidents. Could it be that Harry's accident—?
Oh, the only ones who ever come on time are yourself and the Volbeat nearby, huh. I'm sure the others will show up soon. Good luck with the practice!
Where are you going, Tim? We need to go after the guy in the yellow hat!
Yeah. Let's check inside.
I just found out during Keith's interrogation. He just wanted to gloat, I assume. He told us because he thought we'd be too late to find it by 8 p.m.
Hmm... This isn't good.
Treats and capsule R? I can't see how those would be related.
Tim, hold on!
About the parade
Yes.
*groan*
You really did know how to disarm that machine, Pikachu!
Yeah. I don't want to admit it, but Brad and Manectric really saved the day.
Yan yan.
The culprit is Roger!
Tim!
Hm? What is it?
About the parade
All right, Tim. We need to find the final R. Give me a shout if you find a place where you think it might be hidden.
What?
You can say that again. Now all we need to do is wait for the real deal. It's so beautiful when the Volbeat fly along with the parade.
I bet they'll stick out if they really have such long necks.
About the treats
Oh, it's the reward for the Pokémon! At the end of the parade, a wagon full of treats comes out. You can hand them out to all the Pokémon—and get up close to them!
About the R dispersal plan
R that will be used as a gas
About the mastermind
About the treats
So each parade has different Pokémon, huh.
About the parade
Yes, the mastermind could be involved in that, too...
What is it?
What happened?
Oh, you're not a customer...? Well, the parade is the pride of this city, if you ask me! And trust me, you'll have double the fun if you watch the parade while enjoying some of my ice cream!
Hm? Oh, are you the Tim I keep hearing about? You've become quite famous among the police force. Inspector Holiday has nothing but praise for you.
Yeah, let's start with the folks on the right.
Let's organize what we know, Tim. Was there anything that caught your attention about the three kinds of R?
Let's have a look at the info with Baker.
Brad, we need your help! We're trying to corner that man from both sides.
There was a father with his daughter nearthe food stalls. Did you talk to them?
What is it?
Right, the locations where they plan to film the parade. The culprit's goal is to capture the rampaging Pokémon on GNN cameras. If R is going to be used, it'll be used near the filming locations.
Nah! It was your detective work that savedthe day.
It stopped...?
Forcing Pokémon to become violent, and then trying to broadcast the whole event... it's a horrifying plan! I won't let them get away with it a second time!
Let's hurry to the detective agency!
Yeah, I'm excited. According to the pamphlet, they're supposed to come up the stairs over here.
It's almost the time we said we'd meet.
Yeah! Let's let Brad take care of this, and find the remaining R.
And who is this gentleman, Tim?
I really want to see the adorable Pokémon up close, so I've staked out my spot already. By the time the three parades meet, this area will be packed with people!
About the mastermind
*chew chew* Pika pika... Pika! 
GNN is here to cover the parade, huh? Wish they'd run a story on my shop, too.
That's it! The treats! Carlos had mentioned in his report that R mixed into Trevenant's food was in its liquid form.
About the parade
About the parade
Let's hurry, Tim! The office is on the floor above Pablo's café.
Oh, you must be Tim Goodman! We've received orders to cooperate with you as much as we can.
Tim! I didn't notice anyone acting suspiciously among the GNN staff. How about on your end? Do you think you'll be able to find all the kinds of R?
I'm not sure. It seems too calm.
Oh! Yeah, that's right. I guess I do remember saving the day... 
Yes! The parade route and a map of the city. That right? It's all here.
*gasp* Pikachu! What's wrong?!
I'm already looking forward to the parade. The most exciting place to be is this central square. The three parades meet up here, so there's going to be a ton of Pokémon and people.
Wow... The culprit definitely put some effort into making this thing. Come on—let's disarm it!
I see... I guess if anyone would know, it would be the mastermind.
Is there R in the clock tower?
Welcome! Everything I offer is delicious. I guarantee it!
You can't get away!
Huh?
Come, take a look.
Yeah, let's get moving!
About the parade
But I really wanted to see Golurk. I mean, it's so cool, right?
About the parade
We don't have any information on R in its gaseous form. We need to gather more testimony.
Yeah. Let's go find Emilia.
Let's head to the square with the fountain.
What?! Blast! Does Keith have to keep messing things up?
And what about Keith? Did he have anything else to say?
I'm so surprised. I never expected him! But if you'd told me it was Mr. Graham... Now that I could've believed!
Piiiikaaaaaaachuuuuuuu!
What is it?
About the parade
Aren't you going, then?
Oh, this is Mr. Roger Clifford, a producer at GNN.
What information could be a clue?
Illumiii.
The parade we just saw is heading for Ryme Central Station. There are a lot of parades going on all over the city right now.
About the parade
Someone among the staff at GNN could be the mastermind, right?
I should just stay out of your way since I can't even tell scents apart? Oh, come on—you need to chill out. I guess you still remember my making fun of your sensitive nose at Cappucci Island...
Keith's motive for committing the crimes is simple. He was paid well. That's all he needed, apparently.
It will be a disaster if R is used during the parade. We have to figure out where they're going to disperse R, Tim!
Yes. At least I think so...
Hmm?
Of course it is! How am I supposed to get any work done when it's the day of the carnival? I'd miss out on all the excitement!
About the parade
I see...
What's going on? Don't you understand me anymore?
He really is a pure villain. He makes me sick.
I'm really looking forward to it. The balloon decorations this year are lovely!
R in its gaseous form? What caught your attention?
I probably don't need to remind you, but make sure you ask your questions casually. If people get wind that the square is being targeted, there'll be a panic. Let's check the map for starters. I got the one they had in the office.
We only have 10 minutes left! We should hurry!
I see. So this shop's treats may contain R? I agree, it does seem suspicious.
*groan*
Let's think about capsule R later. We'll probably have better luck finding the liquid and gaseous R for now.
Although Mr. Baker seemed busier than usual. It's a shame he has to work so hard on a day like today.
Yes. We don't know exactly where it's hidden, but we were able to gather some information. We'll go search again once we think things through.
Thank you, Meiko. You know I can hear you? 
You just don't have a care in the world, huh.
Oh!
We're running out of time! Mr. Baker, I'll head to the square right away.
*sinister laugh* Very good, Tim! So what do you think of the new and improved R?
Where are you going, Tim? We need to go after the guy in the yellow hat!
Hold on a sec. Let's think this through here before we go running off.
R in its liquid form? What caught your attention?
Yo! What's up?
Yeah.
They were going to use three kinds of R
You were able to dance really well? I guess all that practice paid off, eh!
You see the police officer over there? There's a staircase nearby. There's another staircase over by the fountain, too.
Oh, come on. Don't be so sullen. Uh, you're here for the shoot—right, Meiko? Good luck!
About the parade
Thank you so much!
No... That wasn't good!
I don't think it'd be so close to the other R we found.
This is quite the situation. I still can't accept that someone like you is allowed to meddle in police work, but this is an emergency. I've told all officers to assist you in any way possible.
Where are you going, Tim? We need to go after the guy in the yellow hat!
Roger! Oh no—Emilia!
You're right that Pokémon will be gathering in this square, but that's not going to help us find R.
Yeah. We're safe now.
Oh, Tim...
What's wrong is you two interfering in my plans. I have Mewtwo's cells, fortunately... so I can make as much R as I need.
Right. Judging from how he used it, I think there's got to be someone in the square who is in charge of throwing the capsule R.
Ah... Look at that!
It's about the time we agreed to meet. Let's go find Emilia.
That's right.
What do you mean?
I've always wanted to see the parade. I kept doing part-time work for months so I could save up to come to Ryme City. I'm so excited, I can barely sit still!
Don't let something like that upset you! You're a detective!
I just need to turn this handle, right?
Of course, the balloons! R was put inside a balloon to cause the incident at the theme park, too. I think it's safe to say the balloons are a good place to look.
Huh? Mewtwo?
Mostly this area, plus the apartment windows around here? Oh, right. I bet a lot of people are going to have their windows open to watch the parade. That'll be a good shot!
Right. You completely destroyed the circuitry... but it can still be activated manually if you open the valves.
About the parade
How 'bout that, Tim? You're starting to get famous!
Judging from the testimony we've gathered, it seems likely that there's a treat with R in it. So did anything else catch your attention?
About the parade
Manec!
What should you ask to distract Roger?
Sure. I'll be there very soon, too. But first I need to get this information to Holiday!
 I don't think there's anything here.
Now that I think about it, wasn't there someone that people kept mentioning when we were asking about the balloons and treats?
About the treats
Yeah. They had an article about this stuff in last month's Detective Journal.
Well, it seems like he's back to his usual self now...
Mr. Clifford's left me in charge of filming the biggest parade! I'm gonna do it! I am! I'm gonna show the whole world this city's parade!
Fletch.
We have to find it quickly! But where could it be?
Oh, the treats we give to the Pokémon at the end of the parade? Yeah, everyone who works at a food stall helps to make them, but mine are the best!
This new version allows the Pokémon to recognize its partner. Do it, Noivern!
Still, it's thanks to your efforts that we've discovered the whole plan involving R. You've done well.
Pokémon cry (Aaaaagh!)
About the parade
Focus on this case for now, Tim! We should be able to get some info on Harry once we capture the mastermind. Right now, we need to figure out where they plan to release R.
Please, don't mention it...
We should check the treats to make sure that liquid R hasn't been mixed in.
Hey, thanks for all the help back at the factory. You really were a lifesaver!
All communication came from the mastermind. Keith said he didn't know how to contact the mastermind from his end.
We need to let everyone know!
What?! Detective Journal?!
I appreciate it. Your presence is a boon to the police force, that's for certain. But if you feel you're in danger, I want you to immediately contact either Brad or me.
I guess everyone's off to see the next parade.
I bet everyone who lives in these apartment buildings will be looking out!
Tim!
Yeah, thanks! Gonna give it my best shot. But with all the good smells drifting around, I'm actually getting hungry.
Let's go, Tim!
About the stairs
Where are you going? Let's check this area out.
I'm not upset! I knew it was just a prank.
Oh, you mean the treats we give to the Pokémon? Yeah, we definitely make them with all our hearts. Actually, the guy in the stall next door already finished his, I think. Not very friendly, but he certainly worked fast. What an odd guy.
Anyway... Where'd that Pikachu go?
Yeah, that's not a bad idea, but I think they would want someplace a bit higher to spread R from.
Accel!
Give up, you fiend!
Yan yan!
Of course you do.
That's the spirit! We've got to find that R quickly, too.
He's wearing a yellow hat! Is it him?!
It says it can definitely smell R.
Very well. I'll move in from the right.
Me? Nah. All that walking is too tiring for me. One parade's plenty.
*groan* *scream*
What?! Then we're bringing him in! Come, Manectric!
Yes, how can I help?
Pleasure to meet you. I'm Brad.
Everyone seems busy? Yeah, we've got a bit of a problem on our hands. We may ask for your help later, so I hope you're ready!
There is a capsule-type R
Good evening! Thank you for coming today!
How so?
Thank you very much. I'll go speak to them.
Let's have Manectric check for us.
About the parade
Well, the best time to do business for us is once the parade gets going. We're going to get a ton of customers. But the thing is...he just wandered off. He had a bright yellow hat on and kept looking over his shoulder.
R that will be used as a liquid
I mean, I guess the benches could work, but... There's gotta be someplace that would be more effective—and definitely more noticeable.
Are all detectives this inquisitive? To seize control of the world!
I'm glad I came to see this. The lights of Illumise and Volbeat are so romantic, don't you think?
*groan*
Get him, Manectric!
About Volbeat
R that will be used in a capsule
You understand what that means, right, Tim? We can't trust anyone, even Meiko.
Oh, did you now? Well, get used to it... I'll be taking care of you for a while.
A lady in a red dress
Pi-ka...
That Brad... Seems like his heart is in the right place, but he just has to be snide to us.
Where are you going, Tim? We need to go after the guy in the yellow hat!
That's important information for sure, but it's not enough to tell us where R is hidden.
Pokémon cry (Out of my way!)
This thing is huge!
Where'd he go?!
I'm sure the parade will be fine, but I'm a bit upset with the staff setting up the square. My daughter asked if she could have one of the balloons, but the staff member said no in a very rude way, as if he were trying to intimidate us.
Good, the gaseous R is taken care of.
You found some R? That's amazing! That means there are two left. But where in the world could they be?
Hey there, Tim! Are you here for the parade?
R will be dispersed where the most Pokémon have gathered
Taking care of me?
Pikachu! *grunt* Oh no! Pikachu, are you all right?!
She's filled me in on what you're doing. I understand you've captured Keith... and now you've managed to wreck my machine. That's quite an accomplishment.
Pikachu, don't tell me you think Meiko is behind all of this?!
Hey.
We don't have enough information to really pinpoint where R is.
Tim! Did you find all the kinds of R?
Pikachu, over there!
*chew* Pika! *chew* Pika pika! *chew*
What is it?
About the case
Even Keith doesn't know who the mastermind is. Keith was just someone who would carry out the orders received.
We're shooting the parade together with the Yanma. They're covering it from above, while I'm in charge of shooting it from here. Thankfully the Volbeat are flying. It's a huge help for adjusting the camera.
And it could really cause mass panic, too!
Yan yan.
I came to see the parade, but I've noticed a lot of police around, too. I thought it was just for security, but it seems like they're looking for something... Was there some sort of incident?
He's wearing a yellow hat! Tim, we've got to catch him!
About R
*groan*
Right! And you, Emilia...? 
... Oh, I'm sorry! Let's figure this out!
Brad! Are you here as security for the parade?
About the search for R
*yell*
Pokémon cry (Here we go!)
Accel!
What's wrong? Let's get started with our deductions!
You think they hid R in all the shrubbery? There's gotta be a location that would be more effective, and they'd only need one spot!
I think I will get started on this man's interrogation. Farewell, Tim.
About the parade
Yeah, let's check the balloons to see if we can find gaseous R.
*grunt*
Huh, so this guy can be sentimental!
*scream*
But coming here was a good choice for me! If you're here, something exciting is bound to happen! And if an incident does happen, it'll be another huge scoop for us!
About the parade
About the R dispersal plan
Manec!
But there are so many balloons... How can we tell which one has R?
This mastermind is a very careful person— using other people so he doesn't have to get his hands dirty...
Right! After him!
Uh... *awkward laugh*
Let's leave this place to Brad and find the remaining R!
Here you are. Just like I promised you.
More importantly... I made you tear up just now, didn't I?
Volbeee.
What caught your attention about liquid R?
The balloons
Hey there! You're one of the Yanma that was at the GNN studio, right? Glad to see you're doing well!
Let's see... I know...we can narrow our search a bit.
About the search for R
Manec!
We've been told from above to search in this area, but so far we haven't found anything suspicious.
We can't let this thing get triggered.
Ah, so you already know about R? You see, we've received a report that some R has been planted around the path of the parade, and we're currently investigating. But as you can see, we're making progress in recovering it, so don't worry.
Yes?
Clever of you to have a fail-safe. By the way...
We don't have any information on R as a capsule. We should gather more testimony.
I've told you everything he gave us about the final location of R. But we did find out some other things during his interrogation.
What?!
Yeah! This should let us figure out where R will be dispersed!
Good evening! How are you?
Yeah, you're right.
About Holiday
The central square is a huge area...
You can smell R?!
I'm part of the committee responsible for organizing the carnival. It's a relief to see that the parade will be a lively event. GNN is going to make it a highlight on their show, after all. It seems like people have gone all out with the balloons this year, too.
I just can't wait! I'm so excited about giving the Pokémon their treats!
Pokémon cry (intimidating)
R in its capsule form? What caught your attention?
What caught your attention about gaseous R?
You've certainly gotten more respectable, Tim. All right, let's get moving! We're going to chase him down from this direction!
Of course. I'm glad this city has such a dependable police force.
Well! What's next?
Manectric and myself will take full charge of the search for R. If you happen to find anything by chance, just let me know.
He's a coward. But I have a hard time thinking it could be someone at GNN...
Come in, come in! Perfect night for a parade, don't you think?
Huh?! You know how to do that?
Manec!
About the parade
*scream*
There were so many Pokémon just in that parade we saw... We can't let them use R! It would be an even bigger disaster than what happened at the theme park!
*grunt*
Hey, what's up?
Pika pi... Pika! Pika?
I'm joking! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Hmmm... Searching for my father. Hopefully...with the great Detective Pikachu as my partner?!
Of course I'm going with you! We can't let this happen. Let's go find the culprit!
Where could this R be?
Good point, but I think we can narrow down the area of our search by focusing on areas of this square that will be filmed by GNN. Did anything else catch your attention?
Tim! Don't bother with me. Just— Ah!
*grunt* Tim... Mewtwo... It...knows Harry... *faint*
About the search for R
Hm, well, now Roger knows about R. Oh well—nothing we can do about that. Let's go let Emilia know we've found one kind of R.
Uh-oh! It's trying to break the tank!
Oh, so you fly following Illumise's lead, huh. You say you got here first, and you're the most motivated Volbeat? That's good to hear. The whole town is looking forward to the parade!
We don't have much to go on for capsule R. Let's focus on the liquid and gaseous R first.
Why are you targeting the carnival?
Yeah!
I think I've got the basic idea. I know how to handle most varieties of machinery. So let's do it!
Yan yan!
Hello there, Tim. Nice work on the ship earlier.
It definitely killed the good mood we were in. I don't think I'll be able to forget that man in the yellow hat anytime soon. Still, no point in dwelling on it, so we decided to head for the food stalls. Nothing like a tasty snack to put you back in a cheerful mood!
We've got to investigate the plaza and find R! You remember the details about R in the docs Keith had, right?
Roger! How can you do something like this?
I do. There are three places where R is hidden, and each place has a different type of R.
Emilia, there's not much time. Could you contact Inspector Holiday? We'll try and see if we can stop this machine.
I was able to find three kinds of R here, but... I've found out there's one more. It's information Inspector Holiday was able to get from Keith.
Indeed. Thank you.
*moan* *groan* Tim...
Oh no...
A man with a yellow hat
What scenes are you going to shoot?
And there goes Brad, blabbing about R to uninvolved people!
It was about which parade we wanted to see.
Well, Tim, I'll excuse myself now, but you be careful, too, OK? After all, your Pikachu can't use moves, right? If things get dangerous, be sure to make a run for it.
Yes, what is it?
Wha—?!
We've been searching this area, but I haven't found anything unusual.
