It ran off making some kind of cry, according to Chatot.
Pokémon cry (Pleasure to be here.)
You, too, Magnemite. Calm down.
Oh, you mean the one on Maximum Music? I haven't seen it today.
The violin was swapped with a fake, for crying out loud! That couldn't have happened without the culprit doing something.
About Carina's appearance onstage
I should head back to the studio and meet up with Pikachu.
What should I do in the meantime?
Of course. My grandfather made it for me before he passed away. It's the only one of its kind.
Hmm, well, it's a little strange. It always dresses up like Pikachu.
That's true. But I'd be completely lost if it wasn't for my partner here.
Mawww.
This is the first time you've been surrounded by so many cameras? Yeah, I imagine it's pretty different from performing onstage.
I see, a Pokémon like a flower... Let me write that down...
Where were you after we finished the first rehearsal?
What?! Why me?
About Kricketune
I didn't know that. It's pretty impressive that they were able to turn the whole company around in just a few years.

Let's go talk to Emilia. We've got to figure out the culprit's trick!
Yes, we were all wondering what to do, since Keith hadn't come back.
Hey! That's not what I said!
I made a mistake while brushing it this one time. Ever since then, it gets all agitated and wags its tails around when I get close.
Oh, OK.
That was quite an incident at PCL! I was worried about you, you know.
It was very interesting. I didn't know that's how TV shows were made.
What's going on?
That's right. The culprit must have used some sort of trick to create a fake alibi.
...
Take good care of that autograph I gave you! Hey, if you want, I can give you even more! A special deal for our new staff member!
It seems ready to roll!
We've got to catch Keith! It'll be bad if he escapes in the elevator. We should head over that way!
Yan yan?
Oh no, it's not like that. We stopped by the studio to say hi to Roger, that's all.
It's a very quiet Pokémon, isn't it?
Hey, could you get out of the way?
Mrow.
I'm using the script to check the steps for the rehearsal. I'm the first AD, after all.
It's Carina's violin.
Yeah. As I recall, I ran into Emilia. She'd just finished calling Max and Olga.
About Ekans and Magnemite
About Purugly
About the Yanma cameras
I guess we need to find it quickly, then.
About Purugly
Even now, when I get discouraged, I remember the message he left for me on the violin. It helps me feel better.
I swear...
So, she picks it up here...
Nope. It wasn't for nothing, Tim. Look at this!
Hiro said there might have been some kind of communication trouble, but it doesn't seem like that's the case.
Huh? What do they mean?
About Ekans and Magnemite
I wonder what this box is?
Oh! He's the security guard that was out front!
No. This is all because of that absent-minded man! I should speak to his superiors...
It hasn't been on TV before, so maybe it's feeling nervous, too?
Come on, Pikachu!
Are all the Pokémon here participating in the contest?
Thanks for finding Purugly. I'd never have thought to look in the cage.
About when she met Keith
Bzzzzzt.
Huh...? Hey, can you hear something coming from farther down the right hallway?
It says all the competition can wait until we're onstage. Until then, it wants everyone to get along and have a good time.
Think back to when the accident happened. The Yanma flew out from the left and rightat the same time, right? Of course they were going to crash like that.
Hey, could you show us your cool mimicking skills again?
Huh, maybe it's because you're always drinking coffee? I heard somewhere that what you eat and drink can change your scent.
Is something the matter?
They say they moved exactly as the staff told them to.
This is the biggest scandal in the history of GNN! How exactly do you plan to take responsibility for this, Roger?
Don't be such a downer. This is part of our investigation!
About Pikachu's acting
Hey!
Apparently it chased Magnemite out so it could take a nap in there.
Do you remember the strange occurrence at Olga's dressing room?
Oh, really?
Just as I told you! Great work, Yanma.
I stayed in my dressing room. I was giving Purugly a nice brushing.
Can I help you?
Yan yan.
What is the proof that the violin was fake?
You're really saving my life! Thank you!
Get down low, Tim!*grunt*
Yan yan.
President Graham! Well, you see, my darling Purugly has gone missing, and...
Do you know something?
Huh? Did he not hear me?
I wonder what this is? Is it for carrying something?
We're looking for Purugly. I swear, who knows where it's gone to.
That autograph is modeled after you, right?
Oh! Magnemite, there you are!
Hear me now! I declare that one day she and I will perform onstage together!
Really? Maybe there was a mistake in the instructions themselves then.
About the interference
Hey, Chatot. Do you think we could talk about the accident that just happened?
Pokémon cry (Eek! We're going to crash!) 
About the fake cue sheet
Hoot hoot.
Pokémon cry (Did you call me, sir?)
Mr. Clifford is waiting for us. Come on—let's go!
And cut! So, Carina... Smile a little more. Don't forget that, OK?
Could be. Let's go talk to the other Yanma.
But...where is the real one?
The locket?
That's Olga's dressing room. Please don't go in, OK?
I see... So then, where's Magnemite?
Well, this is just a rumor, but... I've heard Max has a lot of debt he needs to pay back. The violin was a very valuable one, so he may have stolen it so he could sell it...
It definitely didn't seem like it was his first time. Maybe he has the makings of a star?
What?!
About the PCL case
Yan yan.
I've been seeing this weird static on the video feed from the studio.
Kiki! Kriiiiiiiiiik!
Hmm, it sounds like Max could have a motive to steal the violin.
Well, if that's the case, I guess it can't be helped.
Keith told you where to stand when I was going to bring out the violin. He must have known that was where the camera would fall.
That's right. Keith should have the movementplan for Camera 2. He'd probably be happy to show you if you ask him.
It sucks to say this, but I don't think anyone's going to be able to repair it.
Huh? A message?
Uh, no. I'm not— 
Pokémon cry (Eek! We're crashing!) 
I just got here, but Ekans and Magnemite seem to be having some kind of argument.
Chat.
About the next rehearsal
Hey, nice job out there, Olga! You've still got that rapier wit of yours!
Oh, you mean that someone banged on the door?
Somebody involved in the show could be the culprit, huh... We need to be careful.
Yan yan.
Pokémon cry (Huh? What do you want?)
I can't believe this. What's next?
I'm glad to hear that! I bet Mr. Clifford would be happy, too.
About Magnemite
The cue sheet was a fake?! It's not like I carried it around with me the whole time. Someone must have tampered with it when I wasn't looking.
The Yanma sure do take some amazing shots. But I'm not about to let them get all the glory!
*scream*
Oh, thanks. Yeah, let us know if you see it.
Purugly's partner got mad at you?
Huh. Maybe I can help it loosen up a bit.
About Ekans
Come on, Mimikyu. Back to the dressing room! If you don't behave, I'll have to ban you from GNN.
Do you think Keith and Max were working together?
Be sure to make a note of everything I say!
I think Max probably knows.
What's up?
About Hiro
Oh dear, that's not good! We don't have much time before rehearsal starts... Tim, do you think you could help us look?
Is Emilia a person or a Pokémon? Why do you ask that?
Hello. How can we help you?
Oh, good timing for you to come by. What type of situation do you think would best bring out my innate charm?
Yeah?! Right, I knew it! *laugh* Here, let me give you my autograph!
Is there anything you need?
Kiki!
That's Hoothoot. It's our timekeeper!
This one's in charge of Camera 2. Apparently it can see everything without moving its eyes.
About Purugly
It'd be a huge help if you could. I'm looking forward to seeing you in action!
Kiki!
There was a message on the violin? I never noticed.
Tim, come here! I found it!
Watch out!
Hmm... So there's a fake alibi... And there's Mimikyu's knock to consider, too...
About Keith
Huh, so that guy was more than just old. He seemed kinda suspicious to me.
That being said, I don't think anyone working in the studio or sub-control room had the time to do anything elaborate like that.
(fighting againt the wind)
He's right, you know? You've got to be more confident; otherwise, nobody will care.
It's not impossible. We can't rule it out, anyway.
You want another autograph?
Yeah. I bet we could get some interesting footage if we did an exclusive documentary!
Oh, right—could you go put your violin backstage for now?
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!
That's great! I'll be looking forward to seeing it.

There's a warning on the lid. "Magnemite inside. Please do not open untilfilming begins"...
Are you all right, Hiro?
I'm sorry. Are you going to be a part of today's show?
Huh? Like Pikachu?
Pikachu!
About Ekans
Are you the one in charge of scheduling and managing the assistant Pokémon?
Hey, quit trying to escape! Tim, do you think you could tell your Pikachu to use its moves and get Mimikyu to calm down?
Do you think it could be the cameras?
Chat?!
You told us earlier that there was no way you'd mess up your instructions, right?
About the cue sheet
About Olga
Ugh, what am I even supposed to do?
About GNN
The Yanma cameras are very popular among our viewers. Keep up the good work, Roger. This show could really use your ideas!
That's right. Not just any old locket...
Between you and me, Purugly is a pretty vain Pokémon. It cinches its waist with its tails to make itself look bigger and beefier.
We don't know who did this, or why. But don't worry—we'll get to the bottom of things.
Oh, you couldn't have. It's written on the inside of the back plate, after all.
Of course.
Yes. Apparently Pikachu were very popular back where it used to live. So it thought that it would become popular, too, if it looked like one.
We should talk to them a bit.
About the work
Yeah, I wouldn't put it past Max to do that.
Bzzzt!
I think so, yes.
Yan yan!
Nobody came, huh.
Call Emilia
Hoot hoot!
Hey, could you tell us a bit about what was going on in the studio before the accident?
I think something happened between Olga and Carina. Olga was against Carina being a guest on the show, right up until the bitter end.
Chat.
There are cast members of the shows in the dressing rooms right now. We shouldn't go in.
Why would Keith—?
It might be. Seems like the equipment here is fine—but either way, we need to fix it before the rehearsal.
You shouldn't mess with that cage. It says on the lid that Magnemite's inside, doesn't it?
Yeesh, Meiko had forgotten all about the video we wanted.
Oh, stop it, Pikachu. He seemed like a nice man.
Ki-ki!
Welcome, Tim! I'd like to show you our studio, but... what about Pikachu?
Huh? Now that you mention it, where did Roger go?
What a moody Pokémon.
It says they followed their instructions to the word. And it says if we look properly, we should be able to prove it.
Mine, too. Thank you.
Oh, you can?
Aah! Oh!
Yeah, I don't know what he's trying to do by using Pokémon, but we're not going to let him get away with it.
Hey! Tim's talking to you!
Oh, I see...
Hey there. Are you waiting for the next scene with Max?
Yan yan.
No, now isn't the time to be asking questions. We need to catch Keith first! Let's go, Pikachu!
What are you thinking? Please don't taunt it and make it angry or anything.
I didn't realize it'd take this long to see the video. I've kinda lost the excitement now...
A lot of different Pokémon come to this TV station, don't they?
But...no! I haven't done anything! Listen! The whole time the violin was backstage, I was in my dressing room! How could I be in two places at once?!
Each Pokémon has their own preferences about grooming, for sure.
Heh, a dapper Pikachu with the aroma of coffee...
Hoot hoot.

Chatot is responding to Max's signals! Tim, try stomping your foot down.
That's right. My theory is that it's the same Pokémon that visited Chatot's dressing room.
Yan yan.
Oh boy! This is where you take down his alibi!
About the accident
Chat.
Hold on, what do you mean by that? Are you saying I'm not nice?
That's right. I'm really sorry that my mistake put you both in a dangerous spot.
Tim! Now's the time to gather everyone in the studio!
Hmmm... Could it really be him...?
Of course. Your grandfather made it for you.
About the accident
OK! I'll need Pikachu to push the cart with the violin. Right over there. To that spot with the mark on it.
Not really, but still, I've got to do something.
There it is... Just as we suspected.
Huh?!
Oh, you've met Purugly before? That makes things easier. Did it come around here?
"Yan yaaan!"
Let's ask Kricketune about Purugly.
C'mon! We got this far—don't mess up!
How am I supposed to smile naturally...? I hope I don't mess up on the real shoot.
Did anyone stop by during that time?
Do you have any idea why an accident like that could have happened, Keith?
Well, it's not something we can rush. For now, I say we take Roger up on his offer.
I agree. Our suspects are the people who were moving around on their own. That's four people: Max, Olga, Keith, and Emilia.
That is a little strange.
Kiki!
Are you one of the cast for the show?
Now, now.
I think you'd be better off looking in other areas. Nobody came by this way. Oh, but—
About Olga's alibi
It says Purugly is why things don't run on time around here.
Of course.
About Pikachu
What are you thinking, Pikachu?
Isn't it? But it's a darling at heart. I bet it will become a star someday!
Do you know anything about the accident that just happened?
About Ekans
All right, there's our footage. The area with the most interference is—
Ack! She obviously doesn't get it! It's her modesty and humility that add to Carina's charm!
President Graham is a well-known producer, and he practically created his own era on TV back in the day. I'm honored to work with such a man.
Yes
What's up, Pikachu?
Is there something bothering you?
That Pokémon was here first thing in the morning, just wandering around the studio.
Good luck with your work!
Like this?
Backstage! Come on—let's go say hi to Magnemite!
Yeah!
You really respect Mr. Graham, don't you?
Those were some good shots you got. You've got a knack for this!
Another staff member took it to the dressing room so it wouldn't get in the way of filming, but—
That's a strange habit.
The cue sheet
What's up?
Nobody on our staff would give instructions like that. Maybe the Yanma misheard?
...
Why do you think the accident happened?
So I've been told you're looking for your missing father while you work as a detective?
Is there something you noticed?
About the Yanma cameras
Is there something you need?
There probably are more cues than we can imagine.
You're investigating that accident? That was a mistake by the Yanma, right?
So you said Purugly was here earlier?
Oh, so you can't see it from the outside?
Mrow?
Yeah.
AD?
I hope you didn't stay awake last night. Are you OK? Our goal today is—
*laugh* Well, it's a TV star, even if it is a Pokémon. It just wants to look its best.
Oh, you were watching TV? And you say you're the best thing on the screen, eh? You've got confidence, for sure.
The message on the inside
Yeah! Next time, pay closer attention!
We'd like to ask you a few questions about the accident that destroyed the violin. Is that OK?
Well, what do you want to know?
Ssssss.
Hey there. Uh, how are you doing?
GNN broadcasts shows of many genres, mostly here in Ryme City.
Magnemite's powerful electromagnetic wavescause the equipment here to malfunction.
About the rumors
Yan yan.
You mean Olga was in Max's dressing room?
You don't think Emilia is—
That's a dressing room. Stay out of there.
You didn't know? I mean, I wouldn't call it a good sketch, but...
Sounds like it's just stuck-up to me.
Wagh!
...
Yeah!
So that's why it's in a cage like this.
I think we've got what we can from the Yanma.
It's not normally the type to pick fights with other Pokémon. I wonder what's set it off this time.
It's my job to film, together with the Yanma.
What show was it going to appear in?
You mean after Carina played? I was checking the dressing rooms to call on Max and Olga.
Bzzzzzt.
And so what if he did? Don't tell me that's the only thing you noticed.
It was only a coincidence that he was told to look after the Yanma.
Oh, sorry!
Wow, you're right. What could be causing that?
Thanks for everything at PCL.
No, I'm actually here to meet someone I know. Are you going to be on one of the shows?
No... I guess I could have misread the cue sheet for the Yanma...
It's a show called Pokémon Superstar. Different Pokémon show off their skills and compete to see who is most popular.
Do you have any recommendations?
Did you know they're about to start recording Maximum Music?
You're curious about what its special talent is? Well, why don't you go ask?
They can finally start filming now!
It seems like a lot of work to be on TV...
Yes, I think I may know who tampered with the cue sheet.
Kiki!
Well, let's see... They're saying if they're both participating in the contest, they should make it clear whose special talent is better right now.
Yes, of course... It all makes sense now!
I invented the Yanma cameras. This allows us to take acrobatic shots of any situation!
Did something happen?
A bolt of brilliance!
To be honest, I was worried at first, but I guess I didn't need to be. No wonder she's a rising star among violinists. She definitely lives up to her reputation.
Kriiiicketuuune.
Well, when we came to the dressing room, the door was unlocked.
Max's autograph
No, you can't. Actually, I think the only ones who've seen it are me and Kricketune, since we used to go play in my grandfather's workshop.
Try controlling them by following what's on the screen. Go on.
Mr. President!
Sorry to be relying on you like this. If there's anything I can do to help, please let me know.
Bzzzzzt!
You got yelled at when you knocked on thedoor, you say... You heard, "Get out of my way!"?
Don't worry. I know.
Excuse me.
Zzzzt...
Hiro seems to think the accident happened because the Yanma messed up, but the Yanma said they followed their instructions.
That sounds like a fun show.
Let's see... I can think of a few reasons, like the Yanma misunderstanding the instructions, or Hoothoot's signal being delayed.
Telling things apart by smell isn't unusual or interesting at all?
Olga is famous for being a music critic, but her main job is a violinist. She might know Carina from that line of work or something.
Well, I guess we don't have much choice now.
About Maximum Music
That would make sense. I wonder if we can find this Pokémon and ask it about when it visited the dressing rooms?
Yeah, together with my partner, Ekans. I'm a bit nervous, to be honest. This is the first time I've ever been to a TV studio.
It's Magnemite's cage.
It was unlocked?
Hoot hoot.
That was a close one. It's a small camera, but it could've still done quite a bit of damage.
Get out of my way!
Here's Carina's violin. It really is wrecked, isn't it...
Mimikyu must have been just overjoyed to be on the show. I bet it got restless and went off to explore or something.
Oh... you don't have to be nervous around me! Just ignore the fact that I'm a celebrity.
Really? I can't think of any other Pokémon that smells through its tongue...
Yeah, it was a close shave, all right.
I never noticed my violin had been swapped with a fake... But I think the one I used for my performancewas the real one. I could tell from the tone.
Really? Please tell us everything you know!
Looks like they've had a chance to calm down by spending time apart. It's saying it got a bit too worked up in the heat of the moment.
Yan yan.
No, it seems like the accident was deliberately caused for some purpose. Could you help us out in finding the truth?
The Yanma rely on Hoothoot's signal to start filming. It could be that the connection with the sub-control room got disrupted by Magnemite.
Oh! What was that?
Hey now, calm down. Don't worry, we'll find it for you.
Let's ask the other Yanma to see what it thinks, too.
Bzzzzzt.
Thank you very much.
Do you think we could see the cue sheet?
About Purugly
Don't worry about it. Neither of us were hurt.
Actually... my guess is it was Chatot in the dressing room. You probably used a trick like this.
Sssssss!
Seems like Purugly doesn't get along too well with Chatot. They're always having a staring contest or something.
Nice job, Pikachu.
Why are you causing everyone somuch trouble?
Right? Doesn't she? Ha ha ha ha!
Kriiiicketuuuuune.
Uhhh... OK...
Wha—?!
Yes... It wandered around and glared at me and Kricketune and then just left.
I think it may have run off. It wasn't in the dressing room, at least.
Sssssss!
No
One of the staff members came to call on me. I answered, although I didn't open the door.
What's that? I'm trying to steal your chance to shine?
Wh-what?! No! I just—
The camera work for the performance section is pretty complicated, but I know the Yanma will handle it just fine.
I didn't mean to startle you. My name's Keith. I'm the assistant director here. But mostly I run errands. *laugh*
Our news show has received high reviews for providing accurate information faster than anyone else. We would love it if you became one of our viewers as well.
I should be thanking you. You're the one that solved the case, after all! You did a good job.
It ran off?! Oh man, that's not good... We need to find it!
It's pretty unique, isn't it?
It kept glaring at you, so you thought it was really rude, but it turns out that's just how it looks, eh?
Man, what a day...
Chat-tat.
About the situation in the studio
Yan yan.
Sure. Here it is.
That's a dressing room for a different show. Please don't go in, OK?
I-I see...
It has a warning on the lid saying not to open it until the shoot.
Do you need something?
That's a pretty big camera.
The script
Did you find out anything?
We should go check to make sure Purugly isn't wandering around the hallway.
I was just assigned to GNN the other day. I'm planning to stay here for a while. If there's anything I can help with, let me know!
What's up?
Kikki.
Huh? W-well...
It was going around the dressing rooms while avoiding the staff here, so it doesn't know what was going on at the studio.
Thank you. I'm looking forward to seeing your detective skills!
I've never seen a Pikachu that's this expressive!
I'll help look.
Yes. You see, this is where the Pokémon who are going to appear on the show stay. The door is supposed to be locked when there's nobody around, so the Pokémon don't run off.
I never would have imagined Pokémon could be the camera crew! I wonder what kind of footage they can get?
To be honest, I don't really care why the accident happened. Finding out won't bring back my violin, anyway...
Yes?
That stands for assistant director.
Huh?
About his alibi
Uh, is it...is it suspicious of us?
I'm glad you figured that out.
Kiki...
So you think someone who came before you may have forgotten to lock it?
About the accident
What?
About Roger and Graham
About the accident
Sorry to...bug you when you're getting ready. Did you see Purugly around here?
You found it! This is her...darling Purugly?
*gasp* Tim! Are you all right?!
About the staff in charge of the Yanma cameras
About the rehearsal
That's really nice to hear. I hope I live up to your expectations.
It escaped somehow?
Whoa! Are you all right?!
That's such a touching story!
Carina...
After Carina's recital, I was checking the footage in the studio together with Hiro.
Yeah, although there's no way to be sure.
It's my job to make sure the filming goes smoothly within the limited amount of time we have. Are you interested?
It has a little secret.
I wonder what this box is?
Apparently Kricketune was present when Carina saw the message, too.
Cool, right? It's a tough one to use, for sure, but it gets good shots. Just as good as the Yanma can get!
It's saying being able to smell the difference of foods with your tongue is more amazing.

Someone comes all the way to get you—the least you could do is open the door for them...
Let's go talk to Mimikyu, too. It was taken to the dressing room at the endof the left hallway, right?
What was I doing after the violin recital? Why are you asking?
Man, where's the trust?
About the accident
Ssssss?
Where are you going, Tim? Let's check out the studio a bit more.
Blast! Where'd he go?!
About Chatot
Please calm down, Mr. Graham.
We were told that you joined GNN about six months ago?
What is it?
What?!
You need anything?
Maybe they forgot to lock the door? It was a pretty busy morning, so it wouldn't surprise me if it had slipped their mind.
About the accident
I bet a documentary with you as the main character would be a huge hit! Great Detective Tim! Don't you think that'd make a good title?
Even if that's true, there's something strange about the accident. As detectives, it's our job to bring that to light.
Hiro.
Purugly must have chased Magnemite out of its cage before we got here.
Oh my, look at the time!
*moved to tears*
I'm checking the footage from the studio cameras, but it seems like it's not working right. I'm getting a lot of static.
Oh well. Let us know if it comes by!
How 'bout that, Tim? She says I have a lovely smile!
What can I do for you?
Yan yaaaaan...
There was a bit of time between when Kricketune and Carina finished their recital and the next rehearsal, right?
It's a very quiet Pokémon, isn't it?
I'm glad they've stopped fighting. Ekans can be a bit stubborn, but I hope they can end up as friends.
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!

There's a warning on the lid. "Magnemite inside. Please do not open untilfilming begins"...
About Purugly
Although, come to think of it, something odd happened after that.
Mawww.
Which testimony disproves his alibi?
Man, even filming them together is difficult, huh.
I knew something was wrong, since we were getting a lot of interference in the footage, but... It must be hiding somewhere in the studio.
Yan yan.
Yeah, let's try and find out what really caused the accident. We should talk to the staff members next.
Purugly is quite big. I don't think it would have any trouble getting in, so long as the door was unlocked.
We're trying to find out more about the accident. Is it all right if you tell us?
Hey! No licking me!
Oh... The two of them went to the sub-control room to check the footage.
It's phenomenal at keeping track of time. We couldn't run this place without it.
Was that really Olga? I mean, Olga said she was in her own dressing room, and Max didn't say anything about her being in his room, either.
Do you know this Pokémon, Pikachu?
It hasn't been on TV before, so maybe it's feeling nervous, too?
Hmph! Maybe you should start taking your job more seriously yourself! Come on, Purugly, dear.
Pokémon cry (It's Purugly's fault...)
About Carina's violin
Tuuune!
Are you investigating the accident? Don't overdo it.
Mr. Clifford!
About Maximum Music
Thank you very much.
Sure...
You passed Magnemite in the hallway, right? Do you know where it went?
Gotcha! I'll be right out.
Yeah, through a friend of mine.
Are you a new guy here?
I can't wait to see it.
About GNN
Ah, good to see you again! Here he is... The young man I was tellingyou about!
Kiki.
Sub-control room, do you read me? Could you do a check on the last bit?
Yeah, Kricketune says so, too.
"You got it."

It's not doing anything.
What do you mean?
It came by to kill time? And it shoved you out of the way and took your spot on the sofa for a nap?
Kricketune says Carina read the message to it. It said: "To my darling Carina, Even when I am no longer with you, I will always love you and your music."
Tuuune!
Oh, do you want to know Mawile's specialty?
It's really important to go over every step of the plan before we actually start filming.
I know how you feel, but a detective has to keep an objective view of everything. Still, we could use some more information...
About the autograph
Sure.
Hm, you don't know, huh... Where could it have gone?
What show are you going to be part of?
What caused the accident? How should I know?! I can't believe the violin was destroyed like that...
Let's see, Camera 2 was supposed to: "shoot from above, shoot from the right, moveaway, and follow."
Hey. What's wrong?
By the way, have you heard the rumor?
It's a show where different Pokémon show off their different skills. My grandma sent in an application to an audition on a whim, and we ended up being accepted!
You're right, Pikachu.
That's right. And, Tim, would you mind standing over there for me?
That violin was created by a very famous craftsman. Just that one violin was worth two million dollars.
Oh hey, Carina. Did you put your violin back there?
About Purugly
About the work
Oh! Yes, that's exactly what I heard!
Sorry, I don't understand what you're saying...
Huh? No, uh...

Sounds a bit like gathering testimony.
I think so...
But you came back to the studio alone, didn't you? Weren't you able to find them?
I'm curious about that box in the Pokémondressing room.
Open up your Case Notes so we can figure out where Purugly is.
Mrow.
Why did we come to GNN?
Sssss.
Come to think of it, you were talking to the sub-control room during the rehearsal, too, weren't you?
I'm sure you'll loosen up as you do rehearsals.
There you are! You'll be the envy of your friends!
What's up?
Pokémon cry (You're too kind.)
I've figured out the truth behind the accident.
Sssssss.
About Maximum Music
What's up?
About his alibi
Nice to meet you. I'm Tim.
Yan yan.
Actually, I was in the dressing room the whole time, so I didn't see the accident. Sorry.
Apparently Purugly is really picky about footage. It always has some complaint or another, and it tries to swat the cameras down with its tail.
Wow, that's pretty impressive! What kinds of skills does Ekans have?
The message on the violin, huh...
Oh, no, not exactly. They both seemed like they were busy, so I just told them what I needed through the door.
Well, about the accident that just happened... It seems like it was deliberately caused by someone.
Tim! The culprit is— *scream*
That's right. But it didn't seem like Olga was ready to give up. So she may have planned something like this...
Huh. Why was it doing that?
Thanks.
You say it's Purugly's fault? Well, I guess that's only fair. It did steal your place, after all. It probably takes after that Olga woman... What an obnoxious duo!
Listen to him blabbing on like that... Does he think we do this for fun?
You got locked up again, thanks to us? That's 'cause you decided to cause trouble in front of everyone.
About Hoothoot
Yes.
Why are you acting so full of yourself?
About Magnemite
Right, I heard about you. Well, Tim... What do you think? The Yanma can fly around and let us film any scene at any angle!
Man, a mess like this, and right in front of President Graham, too. This show's done for...
About the Yanma cameras
About GNN
Is what you said true? Please, tell me everything.
Yes. My name's Carina.
What's up?
What can I do for you?
About the Yanma cameras
The Yanma cameras have given us a lot of new options for how we film our shows. You should look forward to the shoot!
About the culprit
I didn't notice anything strange, though. I can check with Hoothoot if you want some clarification.
Pokémon cry (And what do you want?)
About the work
The Yanma have never messed up like this before, so I'm shocked. Maybe the people in charge of the Yanma cameras didn't give them the right instructions?
It wandered out the door to the right?
*sob sob*
Yeah, the director gives those of us in charge of the Yanma cameras the cue sheet a few days before the day of the shoot.
About the accident
What was this strange occurrence?
Hey, Mimikyu, did you go into the dressing room at all?
We need to let Hiro know about Magnemite.
Purugly? Now that you mention it, I don't think I've seen it today. It's usually wandering around the dressing rooms.
About the rehearsal
Kiki!
About the Yanma cameras
Oh, are you interested in the violin? It was a gift from my grandfather, back when I was little.
About Graham
Bzzzt!
Pokémon cry (I know, right?)
Kiki kikki!
Oh, something felt off to you, too?
Guess I should check the video before our next rehearsal.
So I guess you were interested in making TV shows?
Chat-tat.
I saw what happened during the rehearsal from here. What a mess this has become...
*pant pant* Stop, Keith! You can't get away!
Someone came and beat on the door. I looked out through the fogged glass window but didn't see anyone out there... I wonder what that was all about.
That's pretty selfish.
About GNN
I admit I was worried for a while, but it looks like we'll be right on schedule. Thanks.
You didn't see Purugly at all? I don't blame you. It was sound asleep in the cage there.
Sure.
Oh! Tim Goodman—the detective, right? Nice to meet you. I'm Ethan Graham.
Thanks. Could you go let Hiro know about this? He should be in the sub-control room. I'll join you as soon as I take Purugly to Olga.
I'm an assistant director. I look after the Yanma.
About the video
The sub-control room is in the opposite hallway from the elevator.
Of course.
It's really good at calligraphy! It holds the paintbrush in its jaws, and swings it around with all its might! The result is artwork like you've never seen before!
That's where Carina will receive her violin.
*laugh* Maybe a little.
Hoot hoot.
Where are you going, Tim? We're in the middle of the rehearsal!
Now that I think about it, Mimikyu had snuck out of the Pokémon dressing room and was wandering around, right? Maybe if we talk to it, it'll help shed some light on the situation.
Yeah yeah... Sorry to bring you down, but Emilia's waiting for us. Let's get going!
Seems Purugly will take any spot that catches its fancy—never mind if someone is already there or not.
It looks like Max and Olga are talking about something.
It certainly seems friendly.
Yeah. I want to see Carina's natural expressions!
Pikachu, look!
Pokémon cry (Me! Me me me!)
Um, well... I'm sorry—I don't know who you are...
Kikki.
Huh, apparently a Pokémon stopped by, too, in addition to the person.
Olga in the dressing room
It's a music show that's been going on for a while. We invite up-and-coming artists so we can interview them, and have them play.
That sounds...terrifying.
Kriiiicketuuune.
Kiki!
About Ekans
This filming style is unique to our studio.
Oh, you know. That rumor about switching upthe show staff.
Are you OK, Tim?
It's saying making laundry superclean with ultrasonic waves is way cooler.
Sssss.
Yeah, thank you... I guess...
The roof!
Let's go get Pikachu.
It's only the music show that made GNN famous! And the host is yours truly—Max Warhol!
Pokémon cry (showing off)
But that's like comparing Leppa Berries to Oran Berries.
Humph—now he shows his true colors.
Let's see, the back plate with the message should be...
That's right! It's a lot of work, but I have fun. It's really exciting—you never know what's going to happen next!
What is the next scene you're going to rehearse?
Yes... Thankfully, we weren't hurt, but Carina's violin was completely ruined...
So apparently you discussed acquiring Carina's violin a few times with her?
I was checking the footage from here the whole time.
I wonder who today's guest is.
I think the next rehearsal is about to start. Let's go ask Hiro.
Huh.
There could be somebody in there. Let's not go in.
Your Pikachu is really into this, isn't he, Tim?
Switching up the staff?
About Ekans
Thanks to the Yanma cameras, we've gotten our ratings back on track, but we're still in a rough place, so...
About Pikachu
this one. But I don't see any message written anywhere.
And so what if I did? Don't tell me you suspect I had anything to do with this whole thing! I wouldn't go and break such an instrument, even if she did refuse!
I wonder what the plan is after this. We should go check in with Hiro.
Hm, it seems Olga has a motive, anyway. But we can't just decide she's the culprit based off of that.
He was muttering about it until a sec ago...
That's what I thought. You noticed Max set his foot down earlier, too, right? That was his cue to have Chatot mimic Olga.
About filming the show
Admit it. Admit it.
It says it's sorry, too. Well then, I guess that settles that!
It says Hiro's dream is to make programs that everyone can watch and enjoy as a family. It says it's going to do its best to help.
Oh, I get it. He'd send signals like that to Chatot and have it mimic the voices he wanted.
About the work
Oh, I see. And did you meet anyone else?
Let's see if there's anyone else who knows what was going on outside the studio.
I don't know, but I'm a little excited.
Carina is just plain gorgeous! You've got to introduce me!
That's good! I bet Hiro's glad to have you, Hoothoot.
Must be really smart.
Ha! We'll just have to see about that now, won't we? Skorupi! Keep them busy!
President Graham talks to members of his staff like us all the time.
I know... The responsibility for the accident lies with us. I really hope there's something we can do for Miss Mitchell.
Yanma in the studio
The materials seemed softer than normal? I see. It must have been difficult for the culprit to get the exact same materials to use.
Sssssss!
Hi, Hiro.
I guess that's too subtle to use as a cue.
Sorry, I don't know anything about that...
Got it! We'll let him know.
About Max
He sounds like a nice guy.
Well, unless I'm mistaken... This locket should contain a clue left by Harry!
Hey, is it all right if we go through here?
Chat-tat.
Still, we can't just leave them like this. What do you think we should do?
Yeah, we think that the accident was more than just an accident. We're trying to figure out what exactly happened.
No, this is Mimikyu. It's a star Pokémon scheduled to make an appearance on the show after Maximum Music, apparently.
We tell the Yanma how to move the cameras based off of that, but... I've double-checked it, and I'm positive I got the instructions right.
Pokémon cry (I've got this!)
You're a big help. Thank you so much.
Nice to meet you.
Hoot hoot.
Was there anyone besides Carina and Emilia who left the studio during that time?
Hey, I'm all ready to go over here! What's the holdup?
*cough*
Hmm, so first I do that, and then I do this... But no—this kind of movement isn't enough to show my full magnificence...
About the script
Max...
About GNN
Doing a bit of self-promotion? You're definitely persistent—I'll give you that.
About his alibi
I never would have thought—
Carina, please listen calmly.
*nervous giggle*
Oh, no need to worry. Both Tim and I are just fine.
I'd heard the stories, but it really is a handful, isn't it?
Acknowledge each other's talent
Yes, I'm fine. Sorry to have worried you.
Oh, it's the scene where the assistant Pokémon gives Carina her violin. Keith went off to fetch the Pokémon, but he hasn't come back yet...
Where are you going, Tim? Come on, let's see a bit more of the studio while we have the chance!
This...isn't what I gave the crew.
Wow. Talk about slacking off.
S-sorry!
The new ADs tell Yanma how to move.
About Purugly
Follow the instructions on the screen to control the Yanma cameras. Shoot Pikachu how you like, and make a movie!
Tim! Oh no!
We should go check that way, too, then. It'll give us the chance to talk to the people in the dressing rooms as well.
To go on a tour of the studio
Let's go talk to the Yanma.
Sssss!
Hold on a minute, Tim. Let's investigate the studio a little bit more.
All right, let's head to the sub-control room. We need to let Hiro know about Magnemite.
Let's go!
Is that the best you can do? Has anyone ever told you you're hard to impress?
Get out of my way!
What is it?
Wroof.
You know, I may have seen it out in the hall... I doubt it could have used the elevators, so I bet it's still somewhere on this floor.
The assistant Pokémon won't make it? Ugh, what are you saying, Keith?!
Hoot hoot.
Chat!
Why don't you leave things here to me, and head to the sub-control room? Could you show him, Emilia?
This is quite an impressive building. They must be doing really well. It seems like even just a few years ago they were having financial troubles...
Or he's just good with words...
Tim? What's going on?
Thanks. Now, once Keith gets back, let's start our next rehearsal.
Whaaaaat?! No way. You don't know the team of Max and Chatot?!
Tim, watch out for its Poison Sting!
I'm the one who is worthy of that violin! It was destined to become mine!
I invented the Yanma cameras. This allows us to take acrobatic shots of any situation!
You notice my signals, don't you?
Yan yan.
Bzzzt!
About Roger
Is there any chance the director gave you the wrong instructions?
Hoo man, she's got a temper.
Carina, the violin there is a fake. The culprit arranged for the accident to happen so that nobody would notice the theft.
Hiro, this is bad!
Oh... Oh no...
I'm never gonna forgive Keith!
Try different signals to see what happens, eh? Tim, give it a shot!
To become a star
Yan yan.
Finally time for the rehearsal! Good luck.
At this rate, you'll lose to Magnemite?
Well... Sorry, I've never heard of you.
About Max's alibi
I'd suspected as much.
That's a dressing room for a guest. Please don't go in, OK?
Kriiiicketuuune.
Mimikyu in the hallway
I'm glad we were able to help.
We should talk to all the staff members in the studio about it.
About Keith
We've found out that the accident earlier was actually deliberately caused by someone.
You ran away as fast as you could? Well, I guess we have no way of knowing what was really going on, then.
Really?
Huh. I wonder what it wants with you?
Yeah, what were you guys doing after we finished the rehearsal?
It's a year old, so it may take some time to find it. Just take your time and enjoy the tour!
Mr. Graham and Roger were here with you, right?
What...? But how?
You know about Mimikyu?
Oh, you don't? I mean, Mr. Clifford coming around is one thing, but the president almost never stops by. We've all been in a cold sweat, thinking he's here to see if we're worthy of staying or something.
So this is GNN...
Welcome to GNN.
Where are you going, Tim? Let's check out the studio a bit more.
Yes
Of course, Mr. Clifford.
Wow, that's definitely Olga, all right.
Mrow, mrow.
It's fine? Cool, thanks.
What are you saying? That one of us hereis the culprit?
Oh, is Purugly missing again? I swear, it's so moody... I wish Olga would keep an eye on it for once. It's her partner, for crying out loud!
I will. Thanks.
Sounds like it's pretty spoiled.
Oh! I forgot!
Yan yan.
Hello, Tim. How's the investigation going? I hope you're making progress.
I guess the threat of a ban is enough to get it to calm down.
Urgh...
T-t-t-two million dollars?!
Apparently it's a newbie Pokémon star. I've heard it'll appear anywhere there are cameras.
Chat?
My company is widely considered to be the TV station with the most momentum these days. This is all thanks to Roger and his team.
I'm glad you're safe. And it looks like Pikachu wasn't hurt, either.
Of course!
I've never heard of you! I've never heard of you!
Sounds like there's some frustration.
I wonder where Keith has gone to?
So that means this violin is—
Wroof.
Spend some time apart
Well, we found Purugly. But why has it taken over this spot?
I see.
About Keith's alibi

Bzzzzt!
*pant pant pant*
Tim! Are you all right? Tim!
The testimonies we got from the two of them are shedding light on the crime.
It's saying this room is warmer than where it was earlier, and much more comfortable.
Let's go meet up with Roger for now.
Since we do look alike, I think it's worried that I'll steal the spotlight from it.
Hey, why are they glaring at each other?
I guess there isn't much time for a tour now. Sorry to get you mixed up in this.
Oh, hey there, Tim. Sorry, do you think you could wait until later? I've got my hands full with these checks.
I only started working with the Yanma recently, but we get along fine. They love to work for the TV station, too, so I guess we've got the same vibe or something.
Really?
Magnemite?
It's really sensitive to smell and can tell apart a lot of different types of food.
Huh, so that's the rumor that's been going around among the staff.
You really care about the show, don't you?
It must have a very good nose, then.
You shouldn't mess with that cage. It says on the lid that Magnemite's inside, doesn't it?
Ugh, this isn't good...
We're looking for Purugly. Have you seen it anywhere?
That's a big building.
Have a battle
Mawww.
Could be that he was cornered by Olga again.
Pokémon cry (Take this!)
Where are you going, Tim? We're in the middle of the rehearsal!
About GNN
Whoa! Quick, Tim, change the subject!
The entrance to the studio is next to Meiko.
Yan yan.
About the accident
Make sure you capture my charm, Tim! Make sure you capture everything about me!
It doesn't need to worry about that! We're not even trying to be part of the—
Thank you for your help earlier. I had a lot of fun.
Yan yaaaaan.
Someone must have tampered with it after I'd already handed it out to the staff. Thanks for letting me know about this, Tim.
Wow, that's a rowdy audience! ...Except there is no audience.
Yes, they're both professionals when it comes to footage, so I was asking their opinions on a lot of things.
What? You can't let some random Pokémon get close to Carina? She's like a daughter to you? You're being overprotective, Kricketune.
What are you muttering about?
He's the president of GNN.
Hey, where are you going? The studio's this way!
What?! Magnemite escaped?
Let's wait for Hiro's decision for now.
I wonder if they adjust the temperature to make the Pokémon here feel at home?
About the accident
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!
Chatot is really good at mimicking voices.
Magnemite's powerful electromagnetic wavescause the equipment here to malfunction.
You're happy the rehearsal's started, eh? Yeah, I'm excited, too.
Yes, I think we are. Bit by bit, we're getting closer to the culprit.
This probably isn't the first time Purugly's wandered off...
It's a big building, isn't it? I remember being really surprised the first time I came here, too.
It must be really desperate to get on TV.
And I've been told that you've been a really big help to my staff members here.
I'll see you later, Tim.
Yeah... that means the Magnemite is...
Well, guess I'm found out! You're pretty good.
Come on, Tim. Let's go to the sub-control room for now.
About the studio
Hold on. Let's investigate the studio a little bit more.
Chat.
Great. There's really no need to rub it in, Chatot.
Oh man... What to do...
B-but then... Where is the real violin?
Of course I do. But we've had some hiccups since Roger became the producer, too. Maybe it's time for me to move on.
About the work
Pokémon cry (You're a suspicious lot!)
About the accident
That's enough money to last a lifetime...
I think I'd be more anxious than excited.
About the dressing rooms
If someone yelled at me like that, I'd definitely have a heart attack. Even if it was a prank.
It can't tell people apart very well, but it says there were only two people who came and went.
Who'd have thought Keith was the culprit?
A life without some thrills would be boring. I think you'll understand someday.
Pretty neat, eh? It's quite the talented one. And we make the best team— isn't that right, Chatot?
It's not often a Pokémon will have that kind of ambition. Who knows—it may become the next big thing!
Wow, that was my voice!
I don't even want to think about the accident. Who knows how much money we'll have to pay. And all for a silly violin!
About the Pokémon
Yeah, just whattaya mean, "the truth"? We're all friends here! Can't say I appreciatethe insinuation.
I don't think this guy would be able to slip past those two and sneak backstage.
Well... Oh, I remember—I ran into Keith near the studio.
Yan yan.
Excuse me, Hiro. Is Tim over there with you?
Sounds like he's not doing too well.
About the autograph
Oh, still doing your investigation? Go easy on playing detective, all right?
Did you find Purugly?
Get out of my way!
Magnemite emits powerful electromagnetic waves. Some TV studios don't even allow them in the building.
I can't prove anything, but I suspect Keith isthe culprit. He looks after the Yanma here, and it would have been easy for him to tamper with the cue sheet.
It's an amazing idea to use Pokémon for filming.
You wish you had a beautiful voice like Kricketune? Yeah, I bet it would be nice to sound so lovely.
Make sure you get a good shot o' me! Best-looking Pikachu ever!
Pikachu!
Well, this is a conundrum. I didn't expect everyone involved to have alibis. This can only mean one thing. The culprit...
About Purugly
So that's why it's in a cage like this.
He's a brilliant producer. I admit, I've got high hopes for that young man.
About the assistant Pokémon's schedule
No
Oh, I see. And what are you doing here?
Oh, don't worry about it.
Pikachu! Calm down!
Chatot! Be quiet!
Let's head to reception and call Emilia.
*scream*
Sssssss.
I guess it's safe to assume you're a violinist, then.
It says remembering all the movements is tough, but the Yanma also get lots of compliments so it's worth it.
The culprit probably still has it. But please keep this a secret. We don't want the culprit to get nervous and hide it away.
So sorry! I mixed up the dates of our schedule.
I guess that's the magic of television, right? Oh! They're starting!
Yep.
But Keith seemed so proud of the Yanma and what they could do...
Yan yan.
So Keith has a cue sheet, too? We should go see what he has to say.
Yeah, yeah... In a bit, Pikachu.
Doesn't this music move you at all? You must have a heart made of stone!
Oh, that's a very unique Pikachu you have. Are you participating in the contest, too?
Hold on a minute, Tim. Let's investigate the studio a little bit more.
I think it's somewhere in the studio. That would explain all the static in the footage we received.
This is the floor where we have our studio. Please be careful not to go into the dressing rooms where the cast is.
What did the culprit do?
What an awesome idea!
And I assume this little guy must be your assistant? He sure looks officialwith that hat on!
I swear, the minute I take my eyes off him— I should go get Pikachu.
Keith is a bit of a mystery. He came to GNN about six months ago on someone's recommendation. But he's never told anyone about why he came here or what he was doing before.
Apparently it's also a participant in the contest.
Yan yan.
Sssssss!
Playing detective...?
I was in the studio during the rehearsal. I can't leave the Yanma all by themselves, after all.
Yeah, apparently small, regional TV studios have a tough time making money. I heard GNN did everything it could to get out of the red.
I'm glad to hear that... Thank you so much for everything. If there's anything I can do, please let me know.
That Ekans is also supposed to appear in the contest.
Yep, not even a scratch.
Hey! Knock it off!
Yeah, I'm OK. But look...
Chat.
Chat?
Yeah, he fooled us all! It's even possible that he knew about Max's plan—and used it to try and take you out!
I can't believe he was fooling all of us this whole time! I swear I'm going to catch him if it's the last thing I do!
About why he works at GNN
*giggle* And this is my partner, Kricketune.
Sounds like Roger is more than just a nice guy.
Sorry. It seems to be in a bad mood.
Thanks.
I see. I wonder if there's a reason why he's so secretive?
It's pretty amazing for the president of the company to think so highly of him.
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!
About the rehearsal
The producer has left me in charge of keeping things in line here.
*gasp gasp*
Kriiiicketuuune...
I see. And you don't need to be in the studio?
*gasp* My precious violin!
You just made it seem like you were still in that room. And then you swapped the real violin that was backstage with a fake.
*scoff* Actually, Tim is more the assistant here.
Is something wrong?
We need to split up and search the studio, then. Do you think you could help us, Tim?
It might be in the dressing room next door?
Chatot in the dressing room
Where were you during the rehearsal, Keith? I don't think I saw you until right before the accident happened.
The original cue sheet should be at the sub-control room.
Oh, I'm glad to hear it! You were pretty good at it, too.
Yan yan.
Yeah, my camera's been acting up...
The Yanma ran into each other because they were given fake instructions. But why did the culprit do that?
Well, how was it? How was my acting?!
Let's organize what we know. To get started, let's figure out exactly when the violin was swapped. Open up your Case Notes.
To see the video
Mr. Clifford's idea.
What—are you two still having a battle?
You've got to find where Magnemite is.
Yes, although I'm very new to the scene...
I'm just checking the equipment we use for our shoots. We can't have any malfunctions, after all!
Meiko sure is taking her time. Sorry to keep you waiting here, Tim.
Yeah, yeah. You've shown the world that you're very sensitive—so you can stop now!
You should have a look around the studio while you wait for Meiko. There are a lot of interesting things to see here.
But, sir, the responsibility for the damage suffered by Miss Mitchell lies with us!
Something on your mind?
Nothing like that's ever happened before...
Let's organize what we know in your Case Notes.
Ohhh, my head hurts! I need a Pokémon— any Pokémon—to help us out!
Let's go speak to Carina. Her dressing room was next to the studio,on the right.
Yeah, this is the dressing room for Pokémon. You should wait here until it's your turn.
Would you mind letting him take a look at the Yanma cameras? It shouldn't take too much of your time.
Hi, everyone, and good evening! I'd like to welcome you to Maximum Music. As always, I'm your host, Max, aaaaaaand—
Oh, of course.
Kiki.
Huh? Have you found Purugly?
Sounds like they have a good relationship.
Kiki!
Tim, hello!
Can I help?
Something on your mind?
You came back to the dressing room for a nap? Olga gave you a good brushing, too, so your fur is all perfect... Y'know, I can't really tell.
I went directly to Olga's dressing room from the studio. I knocked on the door and said we were ready, and she responded, "Thank you— I'll be right there," through the door.
Finally the rehearsal's started. I'm glad Max seems like his usual self, too.
A fake. The culprit's goal was to steal Carina's violin.
Wh-what?!
Maybe the culprit had some kind of grudge against Carina? They tried to destroy the violin as revenge for something...
Of course!
Whoa!
Come on, now. Let's allow Tim to speak his mind.
This...is bad.
About its partner
Revenge, huh...
Bah, that has nothing to do with me! It's all because the staff here are incompetent! I told you to get rid of any useless staff members, but you had to take your time with it!
Pokémon cry (What? You want to mess with me?)
Was something wrong with Max?
Pika! Pika, pika pikaaaa.
Hm, we should go talk to them, too.
Not yet, sorry.
Come on, Tim. Let's go to the sub-control room for now.
Max!
Aren't the Yanma cameras amazing?
No, I don't. If I want to see the different shots the camera operators have, and choose which ones to broadcast, I can only do that from here.
Uuuuugh...
Wroof.
It would have nothing to do with you, as always? Man, it looks like it took the rejection hard...
Magnemite's talents are all mundane and useless?
About the signals for Chatot
Magnemite is here...?
Ignore each other
...
Oh, you're ready for this, aren't you? Good luck!
Mawww.
Yeah, I hope we can help out in some way.
Nobody's playing here!
The culprit must have tampered with the Yanma's cue sheet so that the accident would hide the fact that the violin had been swapped.
No, not yet, unfortunately. Where in the world could it have gone to?
That girl's got a case of the nerves! She seems like a different person when she plays her violin.
About Ekans's behavior
No, we're looking for a missing Pokémon. Do you think we could ask you a few questions?
What's that? You wanna fight?! *growl*
It was really good. Everyone was really impressed.
That was some impressive filming. Pikachu looked absolutely dashing.
No kidding. What in the world is taking her so long?
It's Magnemite's cage.
Yan yan.
Oh man... An accident like that, and right in front of the president, too... What's going to happen to this show?
You've gotta make sure to take good shots.
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!
It says it won't let any bad guys through.
You think? I can see my mom getting excited about superclean laundry.
I went down to a lower floor to call the assistant Pokémon as soon as we found Purugly.
The original cue sheet should be at thesub-control room, so I suppose you could go check that.
Sheesh...
Being a director seems like a lot of work. Maybe we should go talk to the other castmembers of the show for now.
I swear, where could it have gone? This is nothing new, but I wish it'd stop...
Don't be so depressed. I bet you'll get another chance soon.
And if it weren't for Keith's mistake, Carina would have been the one caught in the accident instead of me. It could even be that someone was targeting her directly.
About Pikachu's acting
Yan yan.
So Hoothoot is your timekeeper, right?
You were impressed by Kricketune's performance? Yeah, no kidding. Our arms will never sound that good.
I didn't know that. It's pretty impressive that they were able to turn the whole company around in just a few years.
You have to admit it! You have to admit it!
He's right. If you're that motivated, I bet everyone will realize you've got talent someday. Don't worry too much.
What is going on...
Still no sign of Purugly.
Kiki!
The previous recording has gone over the scheduled time. Maybe the Pokémon are getting irritated.
Emilia will take you to the sub-control room.
I'm so relieved nobody was hurt.
Let's go speak to Carina.
Me?
About Magnemite
You don't want to lose? That's the spirit! I like a Pokémon with a bit of fighting spirit.
I-I'm so sorry. The Yanma have never made a mistake like this before.
Yeah?
I'm glad they've become friends.
How can I help you?
About the accident
Hello.
Carina and her Kricketune were so in sync. I couldn't do anything but listen to them.
I'm editing the shots we took and getting them ready for the broadcast. See? I switch between the different screens just like this.
Pikachu! There's no time for a staring contest! I'm gonna find Keith.
There could be somebody in there. Let's not go in.
I hope I didn't mess things up even more...
About GNN
Do you think you'll be able to get back to filming?
About Purugly
That's good to hear.
Reinforcements? Noivern, time to go!
Now we know when the violin was swapped.
Thank you, Hiro. Here it is... I'm not one to mince words. The culprit is... 
Here I thought he was all work and no play, but seems like he knows how to cut loose!
Sss...
Sssssss.
About the cue sheet
Hey! This isn't a staring contest... *sigh*
The culprit used a trick to make us believe he was somewhere else when he was actually backstage.
About the situation in the studio
Talk about bad luck.
Hmm, I just can't seem to get the camera to work properly.
Huh? What's up?
Sure, no problem at all.
I'm worried I might get lost in all this space.
I knew it! Man, I'm good at everything!
Hmm, let's see what they're saying... It's time to decide whose special talents are truly better?
How are the checks coming along, sub-control?
There he is! Keith!
*giggle* Aren't you a cute Pikachu, huh?!
About GNN
All right! Let's head up to our studio!
Tsk! That's not right! This is Chatot! So, today we have— 
To me, both of your talents are really impressive. Maybe you could agree that you both have some amazing skills, and just make up?
But then, who's the culprit?
Sounds like GNN really got the best of the best.
Go on. You know who it is, don't you?!
About Ekans
Huh? It's too cold here?
About Magnemite's location
Hey, Tim, why don't we go talk to Emilia one more time?
That's right. He almost got away with it, too. I swear I'll catch this culprit, no matter what!
Yan yan?!
Tim?
Unbelievable. You really don't know who we are, do you?
Did you find Purugly?!
Send a cue to Chatot.
Same for me.
N-no, not yet! Sorry!
Pokémon cry (Me! Me, I can help!)
I'd say the odds are 50-50. I've already put in a request for a new violin. I feel bad for Carina, but she'll have to use the new one.
Thanks, Hiro. I appreciate it.
About Hoothoot's signal
That should be fun, too, but that's not why we're here. Remember our real reason!
I think we've covered the studio pretty well.
Some Pokémon have a lot of pride. I think they got to a point where neither one could back down.
Emilia and Meiko are going to show us the studio, right?
Are there other signals you use?
Mawww.
It says it couldn't tell what Magnemite was thinking before, but it turns out they get along quite well.
You say that, but everywhere looks the same here. I can't tell where we are!
About Purugly
Oh, come on—give me something!
I was supposed to get that violin! How could this have happened...
*scream*
Yeah. The culprit aimed for the exact moment Carina would not be around her violin.
Yeah. Still, I wonder what's taking Meiko so long...
Think back to when the violin got busted. Why did we end up helping out in the first place?
Call Emilia
Ha ha ha! You like my autograph?
Don't worry. Once we go say hi to Mr. Clifford, I'll give you a full tour!
He's not as famous as he thinks he is.
There was a map in front of the elevator. We can look at that if we get lost.
I don't mean to argue, Mr. President, but—
Yan yan.
Well, yeah, but I'm not going to give them all away. Where's the fun in that?
We have our cast members waiting in the dressing rooms right now. Please don't go into them, OK?
Is that your goal in life? Don't let me crush your dreams, but we had another important goal, too.
You again? What do you want now?
Hey! I get you both have a lot to say.
The sub-control room is in the passage on the opposite side.
Hey.
All right, Tim. The first thing we need to do is find out what Purugly is like.
Purrreow.
Yeah, we don't know anything about Purugly.
Pokémon cry (I win!)
You really played a beautiful tune. I'm looking forward to the show!
About Purugly
Hey! I know! Tim, do you think Pikachu could fill in for the day?
Hey, Tim? Do you think you could get your Pikachu to be a little more quiet?
Come on. Over here.
Don't let him get away! We've got to go after him, Tim!
We're investigating that now. That's why we'd like to know where everyone was during the rehearsal...
But no matter how amazing your talents are, you're not ever going to be a star while you cause your partners so much worry!
What's that? I guess I still have a lot to teach you. Why don't you give thatanother try?
They do have the AC on pretty strong. It must be tough for Ekans.
Huh? Why?
Leave Purugly to me. You should let Hiro know we found it.
Heh, Pikachu seems to be in good spirits again today. I'm a bit jealous.
Thank you!
I think I'll head back to my dressing room now.
Huh?!
It has a warning on the lid saying not to open it until the shoot.
Uhh...
Used Double Team
About magnificent movements
We have no place for employees that would cause harm to the station!
Hey, Tim. I don't think we should go waltzing in there without permission.
Hold on! We'll introduce the guest tonight, thank you very much! I'm Olga Ellison, and this is...
Wah?!
Magnemite is here...?
"They're done. No problems!"
About the problem with the camera
About Graham
Max, it's you! You're the one.
Yeah, doesn't seem like it handles temperatures that are too hot or cold very well.
About Magnemite
We'll wait here for you, so why don't you go get Pikachu?
I helped Kricketune pick up the pieces of the violin after the accident, but I don't think I saw a message anywhere on the back plate.
I think you both need to calm down a bit. How about spending some time apart?
Actually, I didn't see the accident itself. I was looking at the script when it happened.
Was there anyone who left the studio—or who went backstage—once Kricketune and Carina were done performing?
I had no choice. My popularity's been sagging... I wasn't sure the show would getpicked up again. But if it didn't...I knew I'd be let go. I couldn't pay back my debts!I'd be finished!
Pokémon cry (Huh?)
Right!
I'll help look, too. I hope we can find it soon!
You've got more competition now, eh?
Well, let's go talk to Carina first. Gathering testimony from the victim is the most basic step for any investigation!
Hey, you got a moment? We've got a few questions.
Oh, the image on the monitor changed! Is it a camera at a different angle?
So it's not like Emilia actually saw Olga... I feel like that's going to be the key to unraveling this mystery.
About the rehearsal
Kriiiicketuuune.
Meiko! Emilia!
Oh, thank you. But...
You've got a better sense of humor? Those are some harsh words for your partner!
Pokémon cry (Oh...)
The script?
Chat?
What's wrong?
You need something?
Purugly is Olga's partner. She just loves it to pieces.
About Max's alibi
Hoot hoot.
It says the Yanma were so dedicated to their work that it's unthinkable that they'd make a mistake.
It's a waste of paper.
Ssssss.
Yeah, who knows? Let's head back to whereRoger is for now.
So, anyway, you came here to look atthe videos?
About Carina's alibi
Well, because Keith had made a mistake about scheduling an assistant Pokémon and— Oh...
A true musician entertains his audience no matter what? Well, you certainly talk big.
I can't say that!
About the fake cue sheet
Great. Let's move on to the next rehearsal, then. Are you ready, Tim?
Could be that you just didn't notice it. If it bothers you, we could double-check?
You were in the dressing room the whole time, so you don't really know, huh.
What did you and Max do once you were done with the first rehearsal?
Kriiiicketuuune.
Especially being full of yourself, seems like...
Is there anything you noticed about the accident?
Oh, thanks! I'm sure Pikachu will be happy to hear that, too.
Yan yan.
That's right! The videos! I'll go get 'em—be right back!
It's the plan for how the show should progress. Do you want to see?
Mawww.
Hey, don't sound so sad. You're making me want to cry...
Huh?! My Pikachu?
Some things can only be resolved in battle, eh. Who knows, maybe it'll help in some way?
Hoot hoot.
Yes
Thank you. I hope it's not a problem!
What's up?
You there!
Why Emilia?
The sub-control room is in the hallway opposite to the elevators.
Kiki?!
Purrreow.
About Pikachu
About his alibi
Kriiiicketuuune...
We should be able to figure out where it's likely to be as we ask around.
Judging from that, and the tampering with the cue sheet, the culprit must have been very familiar with the show.
You there! You're part of the staff here, right? Have you seen my darling Purugly?
Well then, shall we head back to the studio?
A trick?
Cool it, Pikachu.
Yeah, he never lets anything get him down.
Sssssss!
No
It's saying being able to smell the difference of foods with your tongue is more amazing.
About Purugly
That's Max's dressing room. Please don't go in, OK?
This is the cage Purugly was sleeping in.
About Purugly
About the rehearsal
Nobody, huh... Well, you could see the whole studio, so if you say nobody, I guess that's that.
Is it complimenting us on the shots we got? Thanks!
Whaaaat?! Oh, come on, is this some kind of prank? What on earth would I have to gain from busting up someone's violin?!
It says the old lady is teaching it a lot of tricks lately, and it just goes along with it to humor her.
Hoot hoot.
Now Magnemite's gone missing! Its electromagnetic waves will mess with all our equipment. We need to find it!
Ugh, not her again...
About Purugly
Let's see now... According to the script, the first scene we need to rehearse is— Huh? Are you here on a tour?
Nothing... if the violin really was broken. But it isn't broken. That one was a fake, wasn't it?
I made this script, see? It's written to follow the flow of the show itself.
Ha ha ha! How do you like my autograph?
You know, it did seem like there was something odd about the Yanma's movement.
Yeah, that was a surprise.
Huh? What about Magnemite and Ekans?
Is it so unusual that I walk using my hind legs? I'm more surprised that you stand on only one leg all the time.
Mr. Graham seems like a completely different person now...
See?!
Mimikyu, huh. It was like a little typhoon.
Uh... No, I haven't. Sorry!
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!
Bzzzzzt.
Sssssss!
I'm glad the Yanma are safe, but what do we do now?
The screen just suddenly went black. Maybe something inside is busted.
About the fake cue sheet
About the Yanma cameras
That really was a stunning performance. I'm impressed!

Purugly? I haven't seen it over here.
About Graham
Pokémon cry (Me!)
Hey there, Tim. Are you all right?
Chat.
Huh? What are you doing here, Mimikyu? I thought you were told to stay in the dressing room until it was your turn to be on the show.
About the accident
I went to get Max after I called Olga. I knocked on his door and told him we were ready, and he said, "Gotcha, I'll be right out," through the door.
The Yanma cameras are unique to GNN. Mr. Clifford came up with the idea, and we've been using them in a lot of different shows since then.
I'm afraid it's gotten lost. My poor baby. I'm so worried.
Please don't worry about it, Roger.
Someone came by that you didn't recognize? Oh yeah, they're going to appear in the same contest as you.
Yeah.
Purugly is missing? Did someone abduct it or something?
I ran into Keith on my way back to the studio. He was standing near the entrance, but he looked very depressed.
 Let's go!
Kriiiicketuuune.
Chat.
We were here the whole time.
And what happened with that?
Yes. We were keeping an eye on the studio from here.
That's right. The studio has a lot of cameras, so it's my job to find the best shots from among them.
A fake violin? *scoff* What an imagination! How could you come up with a theorylike that?
Noooo, it's nothing! You've really helped us gettingsome of our scoops lately! It's only fair we return the favor.
This building is almost exclusively used by GNN, you know?
The person who normally gives instructions to you isn't here? Is everything going to be OK?
Wait a minute, is that really a solution? Not sure if that resolves anything...
Yan yan.
Bzzzt!
What kind of relationship is that...?
Of course. Let's go, Pikachu.
Who cares about how you move, really?
It's the fake violin. I hope Carina's violin is safe...
Come on, Tim. Let's go to the sub-control room for now.
Ah! You must know this! Our intro!
Looks like we were right on the money.
What do you mean?
Once the violin recital was done, I was checking the footage from the cameras here—just discussing stuff with everyone. Man, I wish I could turn the clock back.
*sob sob*
I bet all the other TV stations are eager to copy the idea, after seeing what they can do!
Yeah. And it was a star Pokémon, right? We didn't get a chance to ask it, but it might know something about Purugly.
It says it's practiced filming with the Yanma over there tons of times, so a rehearsal is a piece of cake.
Just one moment. The studio's a big place. Without a plan, we could be searching all day.
Hey, Keith, how's Carina doing?
Well, it didn't show up, even when the scheduled time came, so I called the office to check. Turns out, I'd mixed up the dates and had scheduled it for the wrong time. So I ran back to the studio to let Hiro know.
Sssss...
Oh, uh...
You tell him, Tim!
Hoot hoot.
It's Olga's voice!
I-it's nice. Your sketch of Chatot is very...you.
The message on the back plate...
Hi, Hiro!
Kriiiicketuuune.
Oh, Max. You were wrong. I was going to have you continue as our host.
About Ekans and Magnemite
We should go to the studio. I think the door next to Meiko is the entrance.
She's very upset. She said she needed to be alone for a while.
The sub-control room is at the end of the hall. It's the room in front of the whiteboard.
Oh, come on—you're a detective! Don't let her intimidate you! Go on—ask what you need to ask.
About the accident
That was beautiful, Carina!
I think we started out on the right foot. Hopefully Carina will be feeling more relaxed for the real deal, too.
Hi!
Sounds like Hoothoot trusts them.
What do you want to do, then?
Mawww.
Its voice impressions are really amazing. It has the same tempo and everything.
Hey, are you OK?
Do you have a moment, Hiro? There's something we'd like you to look at regarding the accident that just happened.
All right. I'm coming... I'm coming...
I'll let Hiro know myself.
Max, you left the studio once the first rehearsal was done, right?
Glad you understand. You can settle this on the stage.
Your assistant is quite the actor! And your directing was spot on as well. It's almost as if you understand what your Pokémon is saying, Tim.
Kiki!
About the violin
Mrroooww.
I didn't get to actually see them film when I tried it out earlier, so I'm looking forward to it.
It's got big purple ears. Probably as big as my face, I'd say!
Mawww.
Whaaat?! But, but...everything I did...
Uhhh... What should we do, Pikachu?
There are Yanma holding cameras on the right side of the studio.
That's right. GNN has a video that captured the incident at Fine Park. We need to watch it and see if we can find any clues about R.
So the culprit is someone who works here...
Yan yaaaaan.
Kiki?
I know. But the most important thing is to have a trusting relationship with the Yanma. Without that, I don't think it'll work.
Just let him be until we solve the case.
Hey there. Waiting for your turn onstage?
I don't blame her. She clearly was very attached to that violin, and it was destroyed right in front of her.
Chat.
...
Wh-what? No, nothing like that...
Pokémon cry (Gotcha!)
You remember all your movements, so no problem, huh. I'm glad you're dependable.
Aaaaaaand...cut!
Great. Let's get Hoothoot ready for the signal.
My darling Purugly.
Wow, that big?
I was checking the footage using this cue sheet, but there was something odd that I couldn't put my finger on.
Let's split up and look for him.
You're right. It is. Do you think this is related to the accident?
That was wonderful! You were amazing, Carina!
I'm not very good at being in the spotlight... I think I'll be fine as long as I'm performing, but I can't imagine what it's going to be like speaking in front of cameras. I'm so nervous...
Good point. We should go ask it later.
He was about to go report to Hiro that he messed up the assistant Pokémon's schedule.
*sigh* Now, where has Mimikyu wandered off to this time...?
But you'll have Kricketune with you, right? I'm sure you'll be fine!
That's right. And there was another suspicious point about his behavior. Do you know what that was?
I see that the cue sheet you have has the movements of both Yanma cameras on it.
Yes, we're fine.
Yan yan.
Yeah. Let's go to the reception desk and see if they can call Emilia for us.
About Keith
Looks like you have your own ideas about that accident. Care to have a chat about them?
It's saying that if it had noticed the trouble with the Yanma sooner, Carina wouldn't have lost her violin.
Hey, Tim! We need to go after Keith!
About Keith
About the message on the violin
What was suspicious?
That's right. As long as we tell it the schedules for our shows and various programs, it lets us know the timing by its cries.
About the swapped violin
All right, let's start rehearsal! Yanma, move those cameras exactly as you would for a real shoot!
Absolutely. How about a tour of the studio while we wait for Meiko to return?
Snap fingers
About Ekans and Magnemite
We need to stop shooting for now. Keith, take Carina back to her dressing room.
Oh, come on—that's not a good attitude!
It must be very dependable.
Of course. Come with me, Miss Mitchell. This way.
...
I can't believe Keith was the one behind that incident...
Now that's a big yawn. Hey, Purugly. There's something we want to ask you.
So that's what all the ruckus was about.
Whistle
Huh? That's weird... All this static on the screens...
You were wandering around the dressing rooms during the rehearsal, right? Do you think you could tell us more about that time?
Could be. It doesn't have much on the Yanma cameras on it, though.
It's not your fault the violin got destroyed, Kricketune. Don't be so hard on yourself.
That's right. Emilia provided an alibi for the culprit, so she can help us figure it out. Come on, Tim.
Blaaast! I was standing right there...and I couldn'tdo anything!
It's saying making laundry superclean with ultrasonic waves is way cooler.
Wow, that's a lot of space. I could get lost...
Kriiicketuuune.
He seems to enjoy music! I think he'd be great!
Pokémon cry (Mrowr!!)
Yes, we're fine.
Yes, this is the original script that Hiro wrote. We give copies out to the staff in charge and then keep it under tight security here.
Sorry you had to get caught up in all of this. I'm glad you're not hurt, anyway.
Hm, I think it would be difficult for the people here in the sub-control room to swap out the violin.
Hold on, Tim. You got that wrong.
Thank you...
Stop sticking your tongue in and out like that. It makes me uneasy.
Did my darling Purugly come this way?
Yeah, I figured I'd go over the script one more time in my dressing room while I waited.
I checked the cameras, but Keith isn't in the studio. He must have gone outside. Please be careful.
I could swear I've seen that guy sittingonstage somewhere before...
Oh yeah—looks like they're friends now. I'm counting on you to stop them if they get into a fight again.
This is the first film with me as the star! It's got to be filmed perfectly!
Someone had given fake instructions to the Yanma? Is that what caused the accident?
Good to hear. Seems like the Yanma are unhurt, too, so that's a relief.
Mawww.
Uhhhhh...
I do wish Olga didn't cause so much trouble. Good luck, Tim.

Ssssss.
He seems like he's taking this hard.
Oh, don't let him fool you.
Kiki.
Where are you going, Tim? We need to tell Hiro about Magnemite.
Kriiiicketuuuuune.
Yan yan!
So let's go see Mr. Clifford. Twenty-third floor, right?
It says, "Quite right, young man."
But that's like comparing Leppa Berries to Oran Berries.
(Pikachu makes a pleading gesture)
Hey, are you hurt?
Are you making progress on the alibi checks?
What's up?
About Mawile
What do you want?
Good to see you again! I sure hope we can help you out!
Kriiiicketuuune.
And that's case closed. Now let's get back on track!
About the Yanma cameras
Let's check the violin. It's right next to Carina.
Still, we can't just leave them like this. What do you think we should do?
Thank you for having us here.
Yes
You were amazing, Carina!
Hmmm? Where's that music coming from? In here. Hmmm... *yelp*
Hoot hoot?
Bzzzzzt!
Did anyone come by during that time?
About when it visited Olga
Farewell, Detective! I hope you'll go easier on me next time!
You'll help us find the culprit? Thanks, we could use your help.
Let's get the Yanma to help us. If a camera gets close to Magnemite, it'll start showing interference on the screen.
*laugh* You're really excited to start filming, aren't you? I'm looking forward to it, too.
He let Magnemite out
You missed! Oh well... Help is on its way!
Thank you very much.
Hmm?
That's right.
Mimikyu?
Well, this is the studio! OK, go on in. Have a look around!
Max and Chatot! It's Max and Chatot. We're the coolest, ya got...to admit it!
I don't think Hiro and the staff in the studio could have stolen the violin.
You came back to the dressing room together. I seem to recall your saying that's what you were gonna do, yeah. What's that? You were excited because Max said he'd give you your snack early today? We weren't asking about your snack...
About the culprit
Oh, so Carina's violin harmonizes well with your cries, huh.
I was having Kricketune help me with tuning my violin.
Since you found Magnemite, all the cameras should work just fine!
Did you find Purugly?
I'd love it—thank you!
That's what we need to find out now.
After my performance, I went backstage to put my violin there.
Well, everyone here has one bad memory or another about Olga... I wouldn't be surprised if someone has at least considered it. Not that anyone would really follow through with the idea, mind you.
Three... Two... One...
You'll take the pieces of the violin? Right... Here, let me help pick them up.
Adjust collar
About when it visited Max
What're ya doin', Pikachu?!
Pokémon cry (Ta-daaa!)
Yan yan.
Nothing ever goes according to the script, does it?
Don't get in your way? Hey, chill out! No need to look so scary.
About the studio
About Ekans
We should get testimony from Carinaand Kricketune.
Whoa, calm down! You could shut this whole place down if you get too excited.
Sssssss!
I don't know why the accident happened, but I think it's going to be hard to keep filming... I wonder what Hiro will do?
About Olga
Don't worry, the culprit probably has kept it safe and sound. Let's get it back!
Excuse me—is it all right if we ask you about the accident a bit?
Uh-oh, Chatot! Our show's being taken over...again!
Out of my way, kid. I'm checking the cameras right now.
No
Used a hidden passageway
I'm really sorry, Max. But I'm afraid I'm going to have to call the police.
Kriiiicketuuune.
How are ya, Emilia? So, is this young guy your boyfriend?
Max!!
Pokémon cry (Roger that!)
Hiro? He looked like he was in a state of shock, but he was still saying he wanted to do something to help. Your partner is quite the dependable guy, isn't he?
In that case, maybe we should tell Hiro what really happened. If the culprit is related to the show somehow, maybe he'll know something.
He showed Tim where to stand
Sure! No problem at all. You know... Would it be all right if we stop by the studio real quick?
Pokémon cry (Got it!)
Oh, I see.
I've never heard such a beautiful sound!
Just do the same thing for the real deal. All right, it's about time we should call on Olga and Max.
Admit it! Admit it!
About Olga's alibi
Wha—?!
About when it visited the other dressing rooms
Bzzzt!
Anyway! You two need to make up, OK?
It never occurred to you? Well, yeah—that figures, I guess.
Perfect timing, Noivern. Now, could you blast them away?
Right? There's no secret or trick or...
Sssssss.
There was no culprit after all
Hm... So the violin was swapped when—
Sheesh, seems like things have gotten worse.
About Hiro's alibi
Let's go to the studio.
About the Yanma cameras
Apparently, it's Purugly's daily routine to go around and make sure no young Pokémon stars get too full of themselves.
Kiki!
Hm? What's up?
Huh... I wonder what Purugly's like?
We checked the pieces of the violin, but there wasn't a message on them anywhere. Carina told us that her violin had a message written on it from her grandfather. Which means the broken one couldn't be hers.

About the accident
Today we're scheduled to shoot a music show. The rehearsal should start any minute!
About Purugly
I'm counting on you.
Created a fake alibi
I'm glad you were able to make up. Good luck on the shoot!
I think you're making a big deal of this.
Purugly's gone missing? And you're helping search for it?
It's a map of this floor.
Oh man, how much does a violin like that even cost?
Purr?
Huh! What a fool he was. In the end, he was the one who didn't believe in his own talent.
Ki-ki!
Pokémon cry (Leave it to me!) Pokémon cry (Away with you lot!)
About the Yanma cameras
Hiro asked you to do that, right? Did you see anyone else while you were back there?
We can come by to check on them later. Maybe something will have changed.
"Hoot hoot!"
Nonsense! If this gets me loads of fans, there'll be more people asking for our help! And who knows, it could cause info about Harry to come pouring in, too!
Are you looking for Purugly, too, Tim?
It looks like there are a bunch of dressing rooms surrounding the studio in the middle. Make a sketch so we don't get lost.
Pikachu, come on! 
Sssssss.
And you came back to the studio after that, right?
About the accident
But...who would do such a thing? Why?
You passed it in the hallway just now, huh.
Do you think we could use the Yanma cameras, Hiro? They might help us find where Magnemite is hiding.
Yes?
Use your Case Notes to figure out exactly what happened when the violin was swapped.
It can do that?
Is it going to be on the next show, too?
About Ekans and Magnemite
Yan yaaaaan!
There's a floor map just outside the elevator. Please use that if you ever do get lost.
Hey, stop struggling! Tim, do you think you could tell your Pikachu to use its moves and get Mimikyu to calm down?
Mrow?
A written message? I never noticed such a thing on it.
Yes, it's one of our performer Pokémon. I took my eyes off it for a moment, and it just wandered off somewhere. We still have time before the shoot, but I need to find it soon...
About Magnemite's location
Good thinking, but don't forget to tell him to keep it a secret.
I don't remember—I'm sorry... I should have paid more attention.
Wonderful work, Purugly, dear. Well, shall we get the show going?
I've got it!
Kriiiicketuuune!
Let's see... Camera 1's movements were: "shoot from above, move away, shootfrom the right, and move in."
What's wrong, Kricketune?
About the cue sheet
*sob sob* Your music is so beautiful...
About Ekans and Magnemite
Uhh, well...
This has never happened before.
Bwa ha ha ha ha ha!
I don't think a human could use the move Double Team.
Thank you very much!
Thanks, but—
Yeah. He said he'd be recording that music show.
It says it was here the whole time, so it doesn't know anything about the accident. Apparently Olga's been acting strange, though.
It was really horrible. A lot of people and Pokémon were hurt. But I made a misleading report because I wasn't able to see what really happened. I deserve the blame, too.
Whoo, Olga was sure in a foul mood. I wish she could keep personal matters outside of the workplace.
Oh, I know! How would you like to experience the Yanmacameras for yourself?
Hello. What are you doing?
Dummy
They say Pokémon take after their partners, so I bet it's got a temper.
Did you run into anybody on your way back to the studio?
Now where could it have gone...?
Is everything all right?
The melody touched my heart, for sure.
Hey, no need to be so defensive! I'm just a fan of Carina's. Let's be friends, brother!
*nod* It really was.
"Uh"? Is that really all you can say? Don't stand there—go look for it!
Oh, are you a staff member of Maximum Music? Is the rehearsal about to start?
Emilia...
About Purugly
Huh? We can?
What? Are you still upset that I got chosen as the assistant over you?
Oh, we meet again!
This could be a problem...
Uh, no, it didn't. You haven't found it yet?
Maybe it's a big Pokémon.
Pokémon cry (Of course.)
About the accident
We weren't able to find out much about what Olga and Max were up to, right? It was just bugging me a bit.
Oh, we're sorry! This is your partner, right? He was just too cute—we couldn't help it...
This is quite an impressive building. They must be doing really well. It seems like even just a few years ago they were having financial troubles...
Yan yan...
I wonder what its special talent is? Whatever it is, I doubt it'll be able to beat my dear Mawile.
This is all my fault. I told them to ignore each other...
Are you still looking into the accident, Tim?
It doesn't know who, but apparently someone rammed into the door. Chatot says it was so surprised that it accidentally yelled out.
He accompanied Carina
Could be.
What could have gotten into the Yanma? They've never messed up their instructions like that before...
Stomp foot
So you visited the dressing room for Purugly's partner, right? What happened then?
Of course. I'll leave it to you, Tim.
I am. Do you think you could tell me what kind of Pokémon it is?
There you go again with your chitchat...
About the fake cue sheet
Kiki.
Yes, it's very sensitive to sounds. And it can compose melodies on the spot using its arms!
Olga? In what way?
Thank you very much.
Chat-tat.
We're doing pretty well, thanks to our dedicated viewers. We plan on staying ahead of the competition by implementing new technology nobody can copy!
Hoot hoot.
About the culprit
Sure thing, although I don't think it likes me very much...
About GNN
What can I do for you?
So, coming up next... a very special guest! A violinist you all know and love...
About the fake cue sheet
Hey there. What's going on?
Neither can you, though, Pikachu.
Sure.
Huh? Well, uh... You see, Pikachu can't use any moves.
Oh no, my darling must be so lonely! It must be just weeping for my company!
Do you need something?
What's up?
And it says Camera 2's movements were: "shoot from above, shoot from the right, moveaway, and follow."
We've talked to just about everyone here. Maybe we should check outside the studio.
That's right.
Y-yes, ma'am! Right away!
Hmm... Something's bugging me...
Right! That's because it's written on the inside. It's something only Carina could know, since she watched the violinbeing made.
What? You're smelling me?
Please, don't worry about it.
Mawww.
First things first—we should go tell Carina and Kricketune about the swapped violin. They may be able to help us narrow down who the culprit could be.
About Max
Some people are so insensitive.
No, we're actually looking for Purugly. Mr. Graham asked for our help.
That's why I'm going to do everything I can to help. Let's go, Tim.
Hmmm...well.
Of course! Now, who could we use as a model for you...
No, it's nothing like that. This is my friend Tim, and we're just giving him a tour of the studio!
About the accident
You're the one who signaled to the Yanma when they needed to start moving, right?
Oh, Tim. I'm sorry—I feel so embarrassed...
I was in the studio ever since Carina finished her performance. I was making sure the staff knew the plan for the show, checking the footage, and so on.
Mawww.
About the message on the violin
This kind of thing depends on the strengths of each Pokémon. I'm more of an intellectual type, anyway.
And what about you?! Why are you just standing around doing nothing? Get out of my way! 
Why do I doubt that'll work...
It's a map of this floor.
Yeah. Let's keep gathering testimony.
Purrreow.
I don't want to point fingers, but... it may have been Olga who stole my violin.
What's up?
Where could Purugly be?
You're right, Pikachu.
We still haven't figured out the cause of the accident yet.
Sorry!
This one's in charge of Camera 1, apparently. It says it'll shoot anything perfectly.
Really?
President Graham is a well-known producer, and he practically created his own era on TV back in the day. I'm honored to work with such a man.
Hey, stop it, Ekans!
About Mimikyu
Oh, you still need to do something? Try to hurry, OK?
Ssss.
Mr. Clifford would like to say hi!
Here she comes now!
Pokémon cry (Someone's here!)
About GNN
There's something I'd like you to show me, Emilia.
Yeesh... That's one cranky old lady.
Chat-tat.
About Hoothoot's signal
Regardless of the cause, we've got to take this accident very seriously. Still, I'm glad nobody was hurt.
Yan yan!
Hold on a bit, Tim. I think Carina has more to tell us.
Kriiiicketuuune.
What caused the accident? How should I know? Yanma and I just followed the cue sheet Hiro gave us.
It's probably trying to get the attention of important people, too? Man, you're a competitive one.
No, I understand. I really do. It's a lot of work when your partner's kind of useless.
That's right.
Pokémon cry (We're ready!)
Let's check the alibis of everyone involved inthe show. You can always check what we found out in your Case Notes.
Is this how all of the star Pokémon are?
Yan yan!
Nice to meet you.
That was a great performance. I can't wait to see the reactions we get from our viewers.
Kiki!
Huh?! Oh, uh...
Oh, I see. Purugly was around here until just a little while ago, but...
What are they saying, Pikachu?
I hope they can become friends before the actual filming starts. But seeing how they are now, that may be difficult...
Hey, that's the voice of Mr. Graham!
*hush* Don't mention the swapped violin until we're ready to catch the culprit!
Someone kicked the door when you knocked? I'm betting that was Purugly.
About Purugly
Hey, no need to tell everybody!
I would love to get the rehearsal started without Purugly, but it's the face of the show. We can't just leave it out.
Do you think you could tell us more about your Purugly? It might help us find it quicker!
Oh!
And cut!
Sure, what do you need?
I don't know why, but he seemed a bit down over the past few days. I was getting worried.
Why are you staring at my Case List like that, Pikachu?
I'm sorry Olga's caused so much trouble. If you need anything, please just ask.
I hope it's OK...
Right. As a child, I played at my grandfather's workshop. He inscribed a special message for me. And it was written on the inside.
Um... I guess you haven't seen it.
Pokémon cry (Got it!)
Oh, so it smells with its tongue? Well, how does Pikachu smell?
About Purugly
Hey, you guys! I've found the videos! What's wrong? Why is everyone hangingout here?
Oh, sorry!
Meiko's sure taking her time. Let's head back to Roger.
Oooh, so this is who you an' Meiko keep talking about! Nice to meet you. I'm Hiro.
Someone came to call you? They knocked on the door and said something, apparently.
It's a bit scary with all the tongue flicking? Yeah, it makes me nervous, too—like it's gonna try and take a bite out of me. But I think it's supposed to be a greeting or something.
Oh, that must be Hiro!
Who is the culprit?
He looked after the Yanma
R-right. Oh, I mean, uh, yes.
About Pikachu
Looks like they were able to make up by admitting they're both pretty talented.
About Purugly
Kiki!
Admit it!
Let's get back to the studio.
That must have been Emilia.
So it seems like Olga desperately wanted Carina's violin. She's so depressed now, she doesn't even notice when Purugly tries to get her attention.
Magnemite ran off because Purugly took over its spot, remember? Keith wasn't involved in that.
Talk about dedication to his work!
Oh, I can go let them know we're ready.
Do you know where the Magnemite that was in the cage went to?
We were in the studio then, too. I didn't see anyone leave or enter until Emilia and Keith came back.
Hey, do we know this guy?
Oh yeah, a staff member came by to call me. I was in the middle of something so I couldn't open the door, but I said I'd be right out.
That was a pretty heavy collision. If you're still feeling dizzy, just take it easy.
Hey, you! Are you friends with the president or something?
About the strange occurrence
Mawww.
That's right. The Yanma should have moved exactly according to this plan.
You have a very adorable Pikachu.
About her alibi
Wow, I'd love to see that.
This cue sheet... I'm afraid the situation is much more serious than I initially expected.
Oh, I see.
Can you hear me, Yanma?
About filming the show
About Purugly
Leave the rest to me. You've got to catch Keith!
Miss Carina Mitchell!
We were wondering if we could get your take on the accident just now.
We've got a lot of recordings planned for today, so the whole studio's in a bit of a buzz. Stick close so you don't get lost!
Chat.
Huh? Got it?
Nice to meet you, too.
Oh, come on—you should know what to do. Is there somewhere you haven't checked yet? Like the studio, or the sub-control room, or the dressing rooms for the performers...
What are you doin'? Clap harder! 
Your Pikachu's a bit different from others, isn't he, Tim?
About the violin deal
Zzt.
What's up?
Hoot hoot.
Oh yeah, Hiro told me you'd be coming by.
Please, don't be. Just do the same thing next time!
You've got quite a fun trick! Can you mimic my voice, too?
Those Yanma cameras were amazing! Thank you very much.
About Carina
About Mimikyu
About the work
Emilia
Pikachu! You ready?
Purugly's too narrow-minded? I'm pretty sure it was in a bad mood because you were pounding on the door. You should go make up later.
I wonder what the fight was all about in the first place? Not that it matters now—looks like they've become friends.
What a troublesome pair.
Chat?
Seems like Hiro and the staff here have a solid alibi.
Kriiiicketuuune.
Yeah. Don't want to miss Carina's big moment!
Now that I see it, you know... I might have seen this act on one of those late-night shopping channels...
What?
Is this the dressing room for Pokémon? I got lost because all the hallways here look exactly the same!
About Mimikyu
What do you need?
Do you think something was bothering him?
Really? I didn't know Pokémon like that existed!
Just find it, already!
Could be. But he was back to his usual self today, so maybe it worked itself out?
I'm so sorry. We didn't mean to intrude!
About Purugly
He's such a handsome Pokémon.
After Carina's performance? I was with Hiro, checking the rest of the plan for today.
Hey! Knock it off, you two!
Hee hee. We'll be performing a duet on the show. You could come watch if you'd like.
The violin was swapped out?! And you say there's someone here that did it?
I don't really know much about it, to be honest. We probably should speak to the show staff first.
You should head back to the dressing room, Magnemite.
All right. If you really think he could help...
About Keith
A hidden passageway? We didn't see anything like that, did we?
Yan yan.
It's boring 'cause they don't pay attention to you? It's like you're being left out?
Blast! Ugh, he got away...
The Yanma were behaving a little strangely.
About the swapped violin
Mrooww.
Well, if you insist, I'll be the model!
About the interference
Oh! I think I saw you on a commercial!
Hey, is it really saying that?
I'm clapping as hard as I can!
About the dressing room
Y-you think so?
Bzzzzzt.
This is the cue sheet. It has every detail of how the Yanma are supposed to move.
Do you think they're filming something?
Someone could be inside. Let's not go in there.
I don't think they mean to be rude or anything, but maybe Mawile just likes to have company.
About the accident
They say it's not their fault.
Right now, they're trying to figure out if there's some way to combine their talents and do something even more amazing.
I just have a feeling that the key to solving this mystery about the accident is hidden in the evidence we've already gathered...
You see? And now that proves the broken violin must've been a fake.
Ssssss.
Why do you say that?
Yeah, apparently small, regional TV studios have a tough time making money. I heard GNN did everything it could to get out of the red.
Purugly doesn't like you? Why do you say that?
What in the world has gotten into Ekans?
About Purugly
About Carina's performance
Yan yan.
...
Like coffee?
No, it's all right. I was just a little surprised, that's all.
About Mimikyu
You mentioned that you knocked on the doors for Olga's and Max's dressing rooms when you visited them. Do you think you could show me exactly how?
You all seemed very busy.
Welcome back. Did you enjoy using the Yanma cameras?
There are cast members of the shows in the dressing rooms right now. We shouldn't go in.
The two of them seem to have calmed down. I wonder if they've become friends?
GNN is a local broadcasting network, but it has a lot of popular shows. It's getting some attention from other regions now, too!
About Emilia's alibi
Bzzzzzt.
Today's turned into such a mess, I don't know what to do...
Mawww?
About the work
No, that's the thing. We haven't seen it anywhere. Did it come by this way?
How so?
Oh, you're interested?
About the Yanma cameras
Ha ha ha! I wouldn't mind hanging out here all day, you know!
Backstage, she's humble and modest. But when she performs, she's proud and confident. That duality makes me breathless!
At least try to make up! Why are you being so stubborn?
Ki-ki!
Yes.
He was a good worker, and got along well with the Yanma, too. I can't believe he'd do this...
I've never been more ready! I've got this!
Mimikyu may have seen something. It should be in the studio—let's go get its testimony.
What's with the self-contented look? Trying to act all cool, are you?
Kriiiicketuuune.
About when she visited Olga
Yeah, yeah, never heard that before. Who needs moves when I have my amazing intellect?
Not the performance?!
I'm glad you remember!
Purugly is just like a beautiful, fragile flower. It has had a dignity about it since the day it was born, and it's loved by everyone!
Don't get too full of myself? Ugh, sure—whatever you say... More importantly, there's something we need to ask you.
You've got to be cursed or something, Tim.
Hello! Thank you for your help earlier.
Of course!
Huh, now it's gone all quiet.
Yes. I never realized so many cameras were needed to film just one show.
About Purugly
Zzzzt...
What do you mean?
Let's see, the plan for Camera 1 was: "shoot from above, shoot from the left, shootfrom the right, and move in."
Yeah, I bet that would be surprising. What did that Pokémon do then?
About Magnemite
In that case, let me help, too! Let's go over what's in the Case Listand think things through.
I should head to the sub-control room. If I can't find it, I can always ask Emilia.
Right. I'm totally just overthinking everything.
All that work for nothing...
Now, do I show the supercool, hard-boiled me, or do I show the cute, adorable me... That's the question!
Kriiiicketuuune?
That's a dressing room. Stay out of there.
Well, sure, but... It's not like I did anything special. I just knocked three times. Any staff member at GNN would do the same thing.
Wow, that's gotta take some skill.
Mrow.
"Yan yan."
Is something a problem?
You don't? We should go find it ourselves? Oh, sorry to bother you, Your Highness.
Heeey! You're the new guy, right? You gotten used to your job?
Are you all right, Carina?
About the work
You're welcome! I'm glad you enjoyed working with them.
Thank you.
Sorry to make you worry... I still feel very mixed up, but I'll be OK.
Man, what a yawn... Let us talk to you a bit before you take a nap.
I can!
Tell her I said thanks, Tim. Oh, and make sure you tell her what a great detective I am, too!
I wonder what this is?
It's possible that the culprit had some grudge against you and destroyed the violin as payback.
*grunt*
Huh... So the Yanma started to move as soon as you signaled them, same as always...
Yes?
Chat-tat.
Well, uh...
Well, Tim, what did you think about witnessing your very first rehearsal?
Great, thanks!
Sounds like it's a TV studio with momentum!
Yan yan...
Yeah, I bet you and Ekans will be great rivals.

Calm down, Tim. If we want to capture the culprit, we first need to deduce when the crime was committed— and where.
About the accident
Hiro's the director of Maximum Music.
What do you mean?
About the rehearsal
Olga
What's up?
Well, Tim—let's head back to the studio. Hopefully Meiko's back by now.
Max
Here's the spot...

Hey, go easy on me. I tried my best!
Oh, so he didn't actually see this person.
We've been able to find out a lot about Purugly. Let's take some time to think about it.
Kriiiicketuuune.
Thank you very much. Pikachu's very pleased, too.
Yanma cameras are exclusive to GNN. And only a handful of people here know about the cue sheets. I think the culprit may be someone close by...
It looks like a trolley for something. I guess they're going to use it for a show.
Mawww.
Well, yeah. The director and the technical director in the sub-control room have final say in what footage we use for the broadcast, but better to have more options, right?
Interested in the Yanma cameras?
I want you to film around the studio as I tell you to.
What kind of Pokémon is Mimikyu?
Oh... Good evening...
Well, Olga had asked me a few times before if I would be willing to part with my violin. Of course, I said no.
About the violin
Could you tell us a bit more about your violin?
About the accident
I was wondering why it was so quiet today. Where's that Purugly wandered off to?
So that's the trick the culprit used.
About the dressing room
Your skills are going to look really shabby if you try to perform in your current mood. Better you two try and become friends.
About when she visited Max
I-I can't imagine... No, actually, could it be that he—?
Keith
