I want to believe Waals, but unless we can figure out the mystery behind these stickers, Brad won't be convinced.
Hmm, I wonder what it all means?
Yeesh. Well, now's the time for us to really step up our efforts.
About the incident
Oh, no, not really. It's just he can be a bit stubborn sometimes. I'd try to keep him in a good mood, if I were you.
Let's check out the scroll, and see what the second color is.
Hah, you're way too uptight! You need to enjoy the fine things in life, like this smell.
I wonder what these wooden chunks are. There's some white paint on the back.
About following Timburr
Got something you want to ask me?
OK...
Tropius is a Pokémon that's usually found in warmer regions. There's one that always comes to Waals's garden to eat, too.
About Waals's home
What, you're leaving already? But you just solved the case. You should hang around a bit more!
Quack.
It would be perfect in your room? This isn't a nesting tree, you know.
Evidence that we pulled out of the lake.
As a matter of fact, a ring-shaped sticker doesn't exist. It never has! It was created by her. She used the sticker from Dr. Waals's house and combinedit with something she made.
That fits the chief's testimony, too.
They're trying to go to the flag that the culprit used to get them to carry the box to the lake.
So, what is it?
Hey, good luck on fixing the bridge!
Well, right now, I think they've found two different ones—blue and pink.
Waals won't be able to feign innocence once he sees this! Seems like I've won our little contest, eh, Mr. Detective?
Excuse me, sir. You can't say he's guilty based on that.
Sorry, but we're keeping people waiting. I'll come back again with Pikachu, don't worry.
Burr.
Oh, you're heading back on the next ferry?
Is that—?
Once the bridge is fixed, we'll be able to investigate the far shore of the lake.
About the missing package
You really worry too much—lighten up! We came out here to clear our heads. Now you're starting to stress me out. Just look at all of these bird Pokémon— their heads are filled with nothin'!
There's a flag for Timburr Transport.
Ah! I thought you knew about it. Well, the Pokémon Carnival is the biggest festival in Ryme City. People and Pokémon from all over the world come to it, and things can really heat up!
My name is Brad McMaster. I am a lieutenant in the Ryme City Police Department.
Is this an advertisement for Timburr Transport?
It's hard to say right now. First we need to check with the chief and Waals.
No kidding, I was surprised, too.
It says that when it's off work, it trains itself using the square log.
It was certainly surprising to see Milotic suddenly appear, but... It certainly makes me feel peaceful, looking at it.
I guess it would have been difficult for Louise to guide the Timburr. But then who did?
So, Louise... all you had to do was signal Spritzee. There was plenty of time while the chief wasn't looking. And that means your alibi doesn't hold up!
What did you tell Louise? You should stop telling everyone Waals is the culprit!
There's a good area to train in, huh? Maybe I should train so that I can use Thunderbolt!
Maaaaanec!
Craw.
The white bubble-like patterns on Azumarill's belly are actually camouflage to fool enemies.
Oh, you're still not satisfied? Well, it doesn't matter. Waals is coming with me on the next ferry out of here.
About Louise
The bridge'll be fixed in no time, with the help of Timburr!
One of the base ingredients for R is the cells from a certain Pokémon. Even Carlos couldn't figure out which Pokémon, though.
It says it'll keep the lake safe, together with Milo.
Marill.
Is that so?!
He's not a bad person, but he's not very flexible in his thinking. He might find it hard to get promotions, being like that.
Gah!
It seems like it's very wary of us. I don't think we'll be able to speak to it.
Yeah, I was thinking, couldn't these wooden pieces be part of the box Crawdaunt was brought in?
I hope you can find Harry soon, Tim.
You know, I remember something now. Your father said he was investigating Fine Park.
Crawdaunt? I've never heard of it. Is there really such a Pokémon at the lake?
It must be a really strong Pokémon, then!
Don't worry, I'll get you a better one someday, Fletchling.
Spriiiiiit.
Pokémon cry (I want to get over there, but...)
About the strange thing
That had better be a promise!
That's a statue of Shellos. Seems like several of them live in this area, too.
About the piece of wood
What an unpleasant guy! Is he really one of Holiday's men?
Does this guy go out of his way to be a jerk?
Let's see... It says, "Leave all your luggage to us, Timburr Transport!"
About Amanda's driving skills
Pokémon cry
Miloooo.
Ask me anything.
I'm glad things have been peaceful for Grotle, but it sure seems to live in its own world.
Whoa! Hah, no need to get so angry.
Piiiiiu.
You certainly seem enthusiastic, Feebas.
Burr!
Oh, don't you worry. I promise we'll solve the case before then!
Yeah, I think we've found it. This is the entrance to the secret path!
Woo-hoo!
Loooos?
Oh, I remember going through that path as a kid. We used to have a lake festival here, back in the day.
That Brad's gone into town to gather testimony or something. I hope he doesn't believe every wild rumor he hears...
Milo isn't here right now.
We'd all go to the lake through the "secret path" to participate. This was way before we built a bridge, of course.
About Brad
You see, one of Milo's friends is being accused of bringing Crawdaunt here.
We're counting on you!
All right, we've figured out the second path, too. Come on, let's get going.
But how did you get here when the bridge is down? Maybe through the secret path, or—
Waals said it was really fascinating.
Right on, Tim! You tell 'em!
There aren't enough wood pieces to make a full mark. I'd say we should look around the lake, but... maybe Feebas knows something.
*grumble* My legs are shorter than yours,ya know!
Pokémon cry (*sneeze*)
Ask me anything.
It's an ad for Timburr Transport.
Thank you so much!
Burr!
About Harry
The first path we take is the one with the Tropius statue.
I bet he's just jealous. Don't worry about it.
It's a peaceful, calm little island. Although strange things have started happening ever since the lake started getting heavy fog...
There are a lot of rocks kicking around here. Do you think it could have been a statue?
Oh, Tim! You were gone for a while, so I was getting worried.
It says it takes walks around here a lot, but it's never seen anything like it.
Are you really Feebas? Well, you're definitely a lot more handsome now!
Do you have a problem with my investigation?
About R
Quaaaack.
It says we don't need to worry: they always deliver packages correctly.
You were playing with your pals, but then Crawdaunt suddenly attacked, huh.
A statue of Timburr.
Oh, right.
Yeah! I planned on telling you about that as soon as it was confirmed. You know, maybe you should go over there so you and Waals can have a chat.
About Carlos
Wait a minute. Why would she want to dosomething like that?
You're right. The statue is quite a bit bigger than the real thing.
Don't be so sure. There are still a lot of things to look into.
The color's all gone. We'll need to figure out what the statue's color originally was.
So you're done fixing the bridge? It must have been a lot of work!
It's saying, "Since it's not around anymore, I need to be the protector of the lake."
Yes...it's the symbol for Dr. Waals's home. This proves beyond a doubt that he brought the Crawdaunt to the lake. And it's all I needed to see!
Huh? No, the fog's too thick—I can hardly see anything.
Have you finished repairing the bridge?
It wouldn't surprise me. Which means, it may have some scales carved into it... Oh? Tim, have a look here.
Thanks.
Fine Park?
Right. Someone must have created a new mark just to have Timburr carry Crawdaunt.
I'm looking forward to what Pokémon we'll be able to meet.
Hmm... I could have sworn someone was watching us. Maybe I'm just imagining things.
Fletch.
Oh! Timburr! Don't see them every day.
About Harry's accident
Burr.
And this looks like their collection records.
This is a recruitment ad for Timburr Transport.
It really does.
What? I'd appreciate amateurs staying out of this.
It was an amusement park in Ryme City. There was some sort of trouble there about a year ago, and I think it's been closed since.
The police are doing their own research, based off of Dr. Waals's. Once we have something substantial, I'll let you know.
I'm not an amateur. Officer, I'm a detective!
You mean you were eating grass through the whole incident?
I see...
About the fog situation
We'll survive... Come on, Tim.
Aha, I see... So the same scent was coming from the flag that guided you to the lake...
It does seem like the people in town aren't too fond of Waals...
Wasn't there a piece of wood like this around where we met the Poliwag? We can get to where they are through thesecret path.
Feeb.
Oh, I see.
About the fog situation
We should try fitting those wood pieces together, but for that we'll need the pieces the police gathered, too. Let's go check out the evidence theygathered at the lake.
Pokémon cry (Ow ow ow! We gotta get out of here!)
About the mysterious person
"Delivery staff wanted! Come get ripped with the best!" Uhh... Are they advertising the right thing?
The fog isn't very filling? Well, yeah, it's not like it's cotton candy or anything.
*scream*
The flag you found at the lake has the same scent as Spritzee? I'm not sure what to tell you. We've never been up there at all. Are you sure you're not mistaken?
About the secret path
Nobody really knows why the lake has been suddenly covered by thick fog. It's not like the weather's bad or anything. So what could be the cause?
The bridge is broken, and it looks like it's going to stay that way for a while. I guess we don't have a choice. Let's head back to town and ask around to see if there's another way to the lake.
About the scary Pokémon
*scream* You know, you could at least act worried!
I don't think I've ever seen one in Ryme City. What's that square log they're holding?
But, why...?
To be fair, they all were in pretty good shape.
Right now, we need to find a flag with a ring mark on it. Let's head to the lake.
*groan*
The chief's told you not to go near the lake when the fog comes in, huh?
There you go! All better!
Two scales! No doubt about it then. This is the entrance to the secret path.
If there's anything I can do, let me know. But please, don't do anything rash, OK?
You're sure?!
Sorry about that, Amanda.
You're investigating the case, too? Anything turned up?
About the fog situation
"It's not around"? Who's it referring to?
About the incident
About the two scales
It's certainly calmed down quite a bit.
Hey, Fletchling, what're you doing here?
There are Pokémon statues here, too. Let's have a look at them.
About Cappucci Island
Head to the lake
Just let me know if there's anything else you need. My name is Louise!
About two months ago, a man together with a Pikachu came to visit me. He asked me about R, but I chased him away without telling him anything.
I was really surprised when I first saw it. I mean, its wings are green leaves!
Hold on a minute. Don't we still have things to do here?
The one with the doughnut mark?
Oh, don't mention it! Our island festival is an important part of our culture here. You young folk should learn all about our little island!
There was a Crawdaunt at the lake? Never heard of such a Pokémon. I guess I'd better stay away if it's that dangerous.
What? The lake's in trouble, and you need to get back? But what if you get hurt again?
You remember all the information we've gathered so far, right? You kept all the important stuff organized on a different page of your Case List. Don't forget to have a look at it!
Maneeeec.
Who'd have thought that Feebas would evolve into such a beautiful Pokémon.
The picture of a new moon.
About Cappucci Island
About the bridge
For the tourist resort she wants to build— wasn't it? You needed to get the land for it...so you framed Dr. Waals, didn't you?
About R's ingredients
What are you talking about? It's my duty as a police officer to help citizens and remove any uncertainties they might have.
Well, there was no luggage that was sent to the lake, according to the bulletin board.
We're investigating this area. Do you think you could tell us what you know?
The culprit used this flag to guide the Timburr.
So, Harry did know about R.
About the fog situation
About the monument
There's a recruitment ad for Timburr Transport.
When the day of the festival came around, the grown-ups would pass out scrolls to all the kids. Those scrolls would have riddles on them that would help them get through the path.
Seems like they've been able to become good friends.
Feeba.
Nah. Takes more than your driving to scare me. Maybe I'm just getting old.
Hey, Tim! You found the secret path? You've got to take me with you!
About the  mark sticker
That must have been a rough landing. What happened?
Oops, don't tell anyone I said that, OK? The lieutenant can hold a grudge.
That's good. Doesn't look like they're injured at all.
Let's follow the Timburr.
Go through the secret path
Oh, you just swam down from the lake, huh...
Hm. Well, better make a note of it, anyway.
We found this down at the lake. It's a piece of a wooden box. You can see there's a shape that's been painted on it with some white paint.
About the fog situation
About the entrance to the path
Stunfisk use their natural brown color to hide in mud. Be careful not to step on one, or they'll zap you with their electricity!
Grot.
Brad came by all of a sudden. He said he found conclusive proof at the lake or something!
Oh, I see. Pokémon have a better sense of smell than we do.
I guess this is a statue of Azumarill? All of its paint has fallen off, though.
It seems Brad is determined to make me the culprit.
Are you friendly with Waals, Milo?
Mr. Baker! Inspector Holiday!
Poli...
Nah, thanks for helping us out! Hope things stay peaceful from now on.
Hm, it's got some kind of design carved into it. It definitely looks old, anyway.
Who is the culprit?
Manec!
They say their goal is up ahead.
It's a beautiful island, just full of nature. I was born and raised here, you know!
Pokémon cry (Much obliged!)
I received two packages last week. I didn't notice anything unusual about my stuff, but...
Stay here
Let's head out.
I think they use it to train themselves. I remember hearing that they pride themselves on their strength.
Yeah, and that explains why this mysterious person who was giving Carlos orders wanted him out of the way.
There's an empty bottle here.
Hey, Pikachu, what do you think this wooden chunk is?

About the piece of wood
I hear it's warm the whole year round.
Uh... Well, we'll be on our way, Amanda.
Loooos?
Everything's clear, thanks to Manectric! Tim! Gather everyone involved!
You're right, the air here is really clean.
About the lake
Feeb-feeb!
Tim! I'll get the boat ready. Do you think you could wait for me at the café?
Of course! The entrance is just beyond here. Come on!
R was supposed to be a miracle drug, an all-purpose medicine for Pokémon. Originally, we were going to use a certain Pokémon's cells to help create it.
I've heard that there is a secret path that leads to the lake somewhere on this island. Maybe the grown-ups will know something.
Milomilooo!
Fletch.
About Brad
Pokémon cry (Hey!)
About Milotic
There wasn't even a mark for the lake at all.
All these Pokémon statues must have been made a long time ago.
The two scales will show you the way to the secret path. But you need to be the ones who solve that little riddle.
About sorting the packages
Oh, I know! Feebas, we're heading to the lake, too. Why don't you come with us?
About Milotic
Feebaaa!
Oh, I'm glad you noticed! Since the festival's coming up, I thought I'd make the beans dance a bit, too, and ground them rougher than usual.
Maybe it wasn't Timburr that carried the box, after all?
About the bridge
Why did the culprit bring Crawdaunt all the way to the lake, anyway?
Burrr!
You wouldn't happen to have one of these scrolls, would you?
Oh ho! You figured out that the monuments were the key! Very good, very good! If you've gotten that far, you'll find the secret path in no time. Hang in there!
The monument that had two scales carved into it. The secret path should be past here.
About the flag with the ring mark
It seems like things are really getting exciting. Is there anything I can do to help?
Hm? What can I do for you?
Doesn't this feel fantastic! This boat has four hundred horsepower,you know.
Yeah, we need to hurry. Don't worry, we'll solve any mystery that we find!
About "it"
Huh? What is that shape?
This monument...
Two scales? That's the clue for finding the secret path?
What are you talking about? Milo is way more dependable.
Sounds like something strange is happening at the lake.
We'd better check it out!
Helping with the investigation? Well, thanks.
What Brad's saying isn't true! Waals can't be the culprit. He cares more than anyone about the wounded Pokémon!
Huh? Oh, you mean the flags over there? Those are landmarks for Timburr.
Flehhhtch.
Hey, how are you?! Thank you for stopping by. We just finished with our interrogation of Carlos and wanted to fill you in. I know you're both anxious to hear.
What, you're going to train even harder? It must have really rankled it that it was fooled by the culprit.
What do you mean?
About Crawdaunt
Hey, we haven't heard what Waals has to say yet!
What's up, Tim? Something on your mind?
Pokémon cry (Thank you!)
It says seeing Milotic helped settle its nerves. It just wants to go home now.
Ludi-ludi-ludicolo!
As it turns out, Carlos wasn't the only one responsible for the PCL case. Apparently, he was working for someone else, and this person was giving him orders on what to do.
It was dragged here against its will by the culprit, right? Maybe it was just scared, too.
Feeebaaaaa!
I got one delivery last week. I'd ordered a record player, but it was busted on arrival and I couldn't use it.
Milo...
Poli...
About Crawdaunt
Sure.
That's right. Each one has this white paint on it, right? If we fit the pieces together, maybe it will make a doughnut mark!

This is where Dr. Waals lives.
A certain Pokémon?
The color's completely gone, but this is a statue of Wingull.
Ow! What are you doing? I wasn't talkingabout you!
*grunt* Yeah, ain't that the truth!
Tim-burr!
Yeah, I can feel that.
Yes. There are quite a few things.
I see. Well, thanks anyway!
Waals can't be the culprit. Why does nobody believe him?!
Oh! Well, good luck, Tim.
I'm sorry, but I've never really spoken much to Mr. Waals.
There are a few things we'd like to ask you. Do you have some time?
I could have the usual, but there's this other drink I've never had before... Maybe I should give it a try?
Right. I'll keep an eye out as we move forward.
Of course. Sorry to make you worry.
*scream* Whew... I'm getting all charged up!
If only we had wings like them, we could just fly to the lake.
Well, so when we fit the white parts together...it re-creates this symbol. Now, if I put this sticker on top...
Am I the only one who thinks this guy probably won't get promoted anytime soon, either?
About Crawdaunt
No, sorry. This is from way back when I was a kid. But the old man who used to hand out the scrolls might still have some lying around. Then again, he might not even remember any of this...
Manec.
All right, let's go investigate the far end ofthe lake. We should be able to find something in the area the Timburr were heading toward.
Pokémon cry (*moves closer to Pablo*)
Yeah, he's teaching me all about Pokémon!
What in the world is going on?
Amanda's the one who's always doing rash things. How many times does she think she's grabbed my ears...?
What do you mean, some sort of trouble?
Timburr definitely take things seriously, don't they?
Pokémon cry (This is my turf!)
If we want to check the smell, the best one to ask is Manectric.
Another one injured. That's really weird... 
A scroll, huh... Well, it's the only lead we've got. Let's go ask the old man in town.
Seems like they're worried that Crawdaunt will throw them off the island, since it's so strong.
Feeba?!
It could be a clue. We should pick it up, just in case.
Yes, the Pokémon named Mew. Its DNA is said to contain the genetic codes of all Pokémon.
About Waals's home
According to the records, there was one box that was for Waals... But where has it gone?
About the fog situation
Huh?!
Of course. I think we can trust you!
About Milotic
We finally made it to the lake. Now we need to find proof that Waals is innocent.
About fixing the bridge
Look around it though—it's kept very clean. It must be something very important to the island people.
What Pokémon is this a statue of?
About Cappucci Island
Fee.
You mean past Crawdaunt?
What, you're still mad? Man, you really can't take a joke, can you?
Maybe Crawdaunt came in that missing box?
About Cappucci Island
About the fog situation
It's the ring-shaped mark!
It's a piece of wood with some white paint on it.
Does it ring any bells for you, Milo?
About Waals
Oh, no, I'm good. Don't think it's something Pikachu eat.
About the secret path
Brad
So the one truly responsible for the PCL case was also the one who attacked Harry...
It's a guide to Cappucci Island.
I see... But who would do such a thing?
We're worried about Milo and his friend, too. I hope we can clear things up soon.
I suppose it looks healthy enough...
The answer will be clear enough once we check the scent that was left on the flag.
If we can catch this person, maybe we can find out where my dad is. But what can we do? They didn't leave any clues behind...
Huh, the island is bigger than I thought.
He just doesn't want you to get hurt.
Who knows? Let's go see what Waals andthe chief have to say, before we come to any conclusions.
About the fog situation
Awesome. Thank you, Inspector!
About Louise
Just, how they both love the lake so much, and how they're both really dedicated to protecting the people and Pokémon they like. They seemed similar, that's all.
Something's written here. Let's see... — If thou wisheth to reach the lake - Follow the light of the moon- And face the three challenges What do you think that means?
About the secret path
Its paint is peeling off here and there, but it's a Grotle. Look over there, you can see one wandering around.
Hm? What's wrong?
Manec!
Feeb-feeb!
Oh, I see... I didn't realize there was so much going on at the lake.
Yes, that's right! Why is that so wrong? Building that resort is my dream. I did what I had to in order for it to succeed!
It seems that Carlos was willing to do as he was told in exchange for funding to use on R research.
*scoff* He doesn't even have any evidence! Just you wait. We'll get to the bottom of things!
Stunfisk.
Was there something else?
What can I do for you?
The parade at the end is the best part! Here! We'll give you a little preview!
Sprit-sprit!
If you want Timburr to carry the boxes to the right location, you need to lead them there with a flag that matches the mark on the box.
It's impossible, anyway. See, Timburr would never be able to take a box to the lake. There's no special mark for the lake in the first place!
Don't worry, we won't let that happen.
You saved it! I guess you live on this island? I'm Tim, and this is—
It's no good... It'll take more than just our word to convince everyone.
What?
Gull.
What's that splashing?
Oh... Maybe he has a guest.
This monument...
Indeed we have! Brad was the first one to cross, too.
Waals
It's dangerous out there with all of this fog, so you should really stay put!
It's pretty crafty for such a cute-looking Pokémon.
If we search that area, I'll bet you'd find some evidence! *grunt*
Pablo's coffee is the best in Ryme City.
I've been hearing strange rumors ever since the fog started coming in around the lake.
He's right. I appreciate the thought, but we should really wait and see—
About the lake
Have a look at this, Pikachu. These marks carved into the monument... Don't they look like scales?
About Waals
It's the same as the accident at PCL. The masses believed the media and paid no heed to my words.
Brad, Waals isn't the culprit behind the fog situation.
Pokémon cry (Hey! Number 2!)
Wow, the real thing is pretty big!
Feeba!
About Crawdaunt
Well, we don't have a choice, I guess. We'll have to get help from...
You wouldn't happen to know anything about this whole incident, would you?
This is a statue of Ducklett.
I've got to prove to everyone that Waals isn't guilty!
Hmm?
Yep, we solved the case, just like that. Just because I can't use electricity doesn't mean I'm useless!
Trees grow out of Grotle's yellow shell. If they get good sunlight, they'll grow pretty fast!
Bur?
Right on!
Let's see? Well, the wood has white paint on it. It could be a useful clue to have, so let's hang on to it for now.
About Waals
So Brad's in Waals's house.
Wait!
Ow! Fletchling, you have a temper almost as bad as Amanda's!
I want to catch this person who was working with Carlos, and find my father.
There are a lot of wooden boxes piled here.
Pikachu, there's something in its mouth...Let's see.
About the two scales
Man, talk about a close one. I don't know what their deal is!
Pius.
About the flag with the ring mark
By the way, what's that "it" you mentioned?
This is a statue of Grotle.
Good for them, but what about me?!
You haven't checked everything here. It's important not to overlook anything.
About Harry
If you don't believe me, go check the bulletinboard near the docks. It has a chart with all the marks we use, plus a record of all the packages we gathered.
Milo
Who knows...? Let's check to make sure all the packages were delivered as scheduled, anyway.
Feeba.
The statue's color has all peeled off, but we've seen this Pokémon before.
Maybe we should give it a try.
Hey there. Doing some sight-seeing? If you need any baggage carried, leave it to Timburr Transport!
Hah, seems like your eagerness hasn't gone away, though.
You poked a dirty rag that was floating in the lake, but it turned out to be a Pokémon?
All right, we've got the scroll. Let's have a look.
You're helping out the chief? Pretty impressive how you can carry logs bigger than yourself!
Not really, no. I don't think I'll be much help... I was off the island for a bit because of work.
Can't say I remember what the scroll said. I do remember that we had to solve some sort of riddle to get through the secret path, though. The old man in town should know more about this.
About the fog situation
About Crawdaunt
We should ask around about the missing package before we head to the lake.
The sticker was found near the wooden box. Maybe Waals forgot to pick it up?
That kind of Pokémon really exists?
You've got some sharp moves there.
Feeba feeba.
*scream* Shocking experience.
That's right. Timburr thought the mark was new... And they simply followed the flag that they saw had that same mark on it.
It must have been broken when the wounded Pokémon escaped from the lake.
Sprit!
About the police investigation
Good idea. We can also see if they noticed anything when they received their packages.
Huh. Well, seems like Feebas trusts Milo, too.
Could it be? Hard to comprehend... How could someone as savvy as myself fallinto a trap?
Uhh... Sorry, no. Not really.
All right, let's head to the town, then.
Craw.
Of course. And I'll give whatever help I can.
About Timburr
Oh, that's too bad.
I hope nothing bad happens...
About the bridge
Follow the light of the moon, huh? If that's not an important clue, my name isn't Pikachu.
Pokémon cry (Hello!)
Now that you mention it... I get it—the number of scales carved into the statue is the clue.
Is the investigation going well?
Poli.
Amanda should be coming soon. We should head out.
Sure thing. Once I reach the boss to let him know we got here safely, I'll help look for Mr. Waals.
Sure this is the right way?
About the secret path
What's up, Tim? Something catch your eye?
Tim...
Hey, Feebas!
Yeah! We'll be one step closer!
Feeb-feeb.
Pokémon cry (*sneeze*)
It's a guide to Cappucci Island.
Hey, don't you need to follow Brad?
Here they come. Keep your wits about you.
About the squared log
Burr-timburr!
Milo!
About Brad
Hmmm... It looks like it's just a piece of wood, nothing special about it.
What was that sound?!
About the monuments
What kind of rumors?
About Baker
The Berries on the trees look good.
Yeah.
Hey, look, Pikachu, a Shellos.
Is there any other way to get to the lake?
Yeah, the fog is making things so damp. My perfect fur is all soggy now!
Ludicolo's good at dancing.
Why was the sticker just left lying around...? I wonder...
So, a record of all the packages they've received here, right? What does it say?
A detective? Well now, that's a different story. Then I insist that you stay out of official police business.
Waals is a prominent figure in Pokémon research, after all.
Los.
Open up your Case Notes. Let's figure out the second path to take.
Ah, Tim! Thanks for coming. We've got some results on the interrogation. Let's see what Holiday has to tell us!
Something about a monster with huge eyes appearing...
Pokémon cry (No way am I staying put!)
Hold on a sec. Have you solved the riddle? Just charging ahead could be dangerous.
Lots of good food, huh.
Hey, Manectric, can you tell who this smell belongs to?
Yes
What is it?
The correct path is the one with the Ducklettstatue. Let's get going.
I think that's all we're going to glean from just looking at the scroll. We still need more information.
It seems like Waals doesn't really interact with the other townspeople.
A doughnut mark? Can't say I've ever seen one. What's that got to do with the case?
Maybe it's talking about Feebas...
About Holiday's report
Hold on, Pikachu. Let me flip it...
Now that you mention it, each flag has boxes with the same mark nearby.
It was not I who brought Crawdaunt here.
That's right. So let's listen up!
Oh, I see. That's pretty impressive.
Only thing this place has got going for it is the ocean. If you came out here from the city expecting an adventure, you might be disappointed.
Pieces of wood with paint on them? I didn't see any around here.
Hm... Don't you think you're jumping to conclusions?
My detective's eye will be perfect for that.
Pokémon cry (Ready to attack Milo!)
No
*groan* This is what I was worried about. Come on, Tim! Can't you tell her to slow it down?!
About Crawdaunt
What?!
Gull.
Manec-manec!
It seems to be anxious about something.
Let's go hear what Waals has to tell us.
See what you can find out. One of my men, Brad McMaster, is on the island for another assignment. If anything comes up, he can help you.
Ah, white paint. Let's make a note of that.
About the bridge
About Cappucci Island
Uhh... "2 , 1 , 3 , 1 ." I wonder what that means?
Mas-mas...
The island does have a lot of nature. I bet they don't need to worry about food.
About the incident
It's a wooden piece of some sort, with white paint on it.
This...this is a Pokémon, right? It looks like a tree...
I do know there's been thick fog covering the area since about a week ago. Then again, the only people who went up there were the old folks, anyway.
Burr?
Hey, we haven't solved the riddle of the scroll yet! We'll be in trouble if we get lost in this fog. Let's figure out what the scroll means before moving ahead!
How could you do that?! You caused trouble for the Pokémonand Dr. Waals!
Dr. Waals!
Bur.
About Cappucci Island
About Holiday
Once we're done saying good-bye, let's go home. On Amanda's boat...
About the fog situation
I've got an idea. This person has been causing incidents using R, right? So if we investigate R more, maybe we'll find out who they are, and what they're up to.
Quack.
Mmm-hmm.
About Timburr Transport
Thanks. If we need someone to have a look underwater, we'll let you know.
About the incident
About the incident
You only need to guide them once. From the second time onward, all you need to do is put the flag at the right place and they'll figure it out. Pretty smart, eh?
They all have delivery notices on them. They must have come here by boat.
Fletch.
Time to accept the truth, Amanda.
Miloooo.
About last week's deliveries
Don't be so frightened. Tim and I will solve this case in a jiffy. You'll see.
Yeah, we've solved the riddle on the scroll. Let's go!
Well, I don't know the details, but I heard that Pokémon suddenly went wild during a parade.
(Sings a little tune)
All I'm saying is, watch yourself if you plan on heading up to the lake.
I know I'm not a resident here, but still I think it's a wonderful island.
The monument at the entrance to the secret path is supposed to have two scales. This one only has one, so we're at the wrong spot.
I'm pretty sure they got angry because you stepped on them, Pikachu.
Well, you certainly seem carefree.
What do you think about the investigation results, Mr. Baker?
About boat driving
The chief doesn't seem to know anything about the doughnut mark.
I see. So a long time ago, there was a being that protected all the Pokémon of the lake.
Look, over there! There's something splashing in the water!
There've got to be other monuments around. Let's go have a look!
Pokémon cry (*dances with Pablo*)
Yeah, case closed. You can swim in the lake as much as you want!
Calm down. It's all right, Milo.
*scream*
It's too soon to give up! Let's keep investigating.
Thank you all for coming here...
It says, — If thou wisheth to reach the lake - Follow the light of the moon- And face the three challenges
Hmm...
We're done fixing up the bridge. Should be safe to cross now!
So, forcing your opinion on someone without evidence is police business?
Are you here for work, then?
About the Pokémon statues
I think so.
Fletch!
About the Pokémon Carnival
About the tourist resort
Hm? We haven't solved this riddle yet. Don't worry, just keep a level head.
About the missing package
Sprit-sprit-zee.
About its wounds
Gull?
Seems like it's enamored with Milotic.
It's a very pretty Pokémon. I can't wait to tell my buddies back in Ryme City about this!
Oh, you say you could handle even more? You're pretty strong, I'll give you that!
Hmm, maybe the shape of the moon is some sort of clue?
Great! I'll head over right now.
Proud that Louise is your partner, huh? Yeah, I can imagine.
Poli.
Burr.
So the one attacking the Pokémon was Crawdaunt.
We've got to tell Brad about this.
Look at this, Pikachu. This design that's been carved into the monument. Doesn't it look like a scale?
Yeah, we just saw one over there.
Louise
About Waals's involvement
What?! Nonsense. When you come here, you have to have Pablo's coffee. Anything else is heresy!
About the doughnut mark
A record of all the luggage they've collected. It says, "2 , 1 , 3 , 1 ."
What, you missed my big moment? A bolt of brilliance! Well, what do you think? Pretty cool, eh?
About Shellos's shape
Where are you going, Tim? We're going to investigate the lake, right?
Now that you mention it... Oh, of course! The number of scales carved into the monuments is the clue we're looking for!
Hmm, maybe because whoever it is wanted to get rid of all the Pokémon there?
I guess the younger townspeople don't really have a reason to go to the lake, huh?
All right, let's check it out, Tim.
The three moons... But there's something else that I've been wondering about.
Fee!
What is the proof that Louise is the culprit?
The statues in the secret path
Hm? What's up?
About the scary Pokémon
About Waals
Loooooos.
To think that someone would bring such a dangerous Pokémon to this island... Why would they do such a thing?
About the fog situation
About Timburr Transport
Were your wounds from the same Pokémon that attacked the Masquerain?
Two scales? Hmm... I definitely remember seeing something like that somewhere, but I can't for the life of me remember where. Sorry...
About Carlos's interrogation
What's on your mind, Pikachu?
What do you mean by that?
Oh, standing guard, huh. Well, good for you.
Feebas, do you know anything about the Pokémon statues around here?
So Crawdaunt was the one hurting all of the other Pokémon? Who brought it here?
Look! A monument!
The missing delivery... The ring-shaped mark... The only one who could have done those things in that amount of time—
How long have you been living near the lake, Grotle?
Huh? Did we take the wrong path?
The entrance to the secret path has two scales. And this monument has three scales, so this isn't the right one.
Tim! I know what you're gonna tell us! You figured out who the culprit is!
Who put a monument here? It looks like this one has the wrong number of scales, though...
So this mysterious person is the one who ordered Carlos to deal with me...
About Crawdaunt
About Brad
About the secret path
This is a very nice island. I hope you have a relaxing time here.
There are three pictures, and then some sort of instructions written on it. Is this the clue to the secret path?
He solved a lot of different cases together with Pikachu.
About the incident
Gull.
Even the tyrant of the lake can't resist the beauty of Milotic, huh.
Spriii.
Pikachu. Nice to meet ya!
Feebaa.
It could have been Waals who captured Crawdaunt in that box and brought it to the lake.
I wonder if this statue used to have the same coloring as that Pokémon?
About a week ago, some sort of fog started occurring around the lake. Since then, people have been finding wounded Pokémon around town.
I went and asked the chief to see if he could fix it for me, but he said it would be hard. Louise was saying I'd need to order in replacement parts.
About Feebas
Mas-mas!
Hey, have you seen this flag before?
Louise? She was there, too?
About Crawdaunt
Wait, have you solved the riddle? Pressing on ahead blindly could be dangerous.
I see.
I received three packages last week. A camera, and a tripod, and whatnot.
It says they look like they were modeled after Pokémon that live on this island, but it doesn't know what they have to do with the scroll.
Poliiii.
About the fog situation
Rill.
About Cappucci Island
Let's check with the Timburr about the missing box.
Ma—
Pokémon cry (Ow!)
Let's see what it is!
About the fog situation
*laugh* I'm not worried! I'll solve the puzzles and breeze through this maze!
Feeba.
*sigh* There's no way this is going to end well, but let's get going.
Why do you always think that way?!
Burr.
Grot.
Whoa! Not so fast. To get to Cappucci Island, there's only one ferry a day!
The flag with the ring mark
OK. Well, let's have a look and see what we can find!
Oh, a fishing rod.
So it's a mark that only the Timburr know about. How strange... Maybe we'll find out more if we investigate the lake.
I remember Timburr were carrying around a big wooden box that day. I wonder what was in it?
Manec.
Well, if that's the case... I know just the person to help out.
What's up?
About Wingull
The monument? Oh, that's right! The monument had scale designs carved into it! Thanks, it's all coming back to me now.
I feel like I'm being watched...
You know what to do, right? Let's investigate those Pokémon statues.
Stunfisk!
What's wrong? They seem agitated.
About its wounds
You don't know, huh. Seems like Waals doesn't interact much with others here.
Hmph! We already know who the culprit is. All evidence points to Dr. Waals.
Sorry, Pikachu! But where did they come flying from?
Somehow that performance doesn't quitesell it for me.
Hey, Tim. There's something about the Shellos, I've noticed.
About Brad
We recorded all the luggage that came in by the boat last week in our records. Louise helped me with the sorting, so there shouldn't be any mistakes or errors.
Yes, just scoping out the area in preparation for our resort development. It's only in the planning phase, but I'm confident we'll be able to pull it off!
I have a very bad feeling about this.
Better to hear it from the man himself, rather than me give it to you.
And when the boxes came to the dock... you were there helping the chief of Timburr Transport, weren't you, Louise? Easy, right? 'Cause all you had to do was change the stickers. Of course, while no one was looking.
It would be too difficult for Waals to carry Crawdaunt to the lake, all by himself.
Pokémon suddenly went wild? I wonder if it's got anything to do with R...
Waals is a Pokémon Researcher, even if he's been disgraced. I bet he could get ahold of a Crawdaunt very easily.
That makes sense, but how are we going to investigate R, then?
*laugh* You're right—I could have done that. But...how could I possibly have had time to guide the Timburr all the way to the lake?
Huh? What's up?
Yeah, each picture of the moon has a different color, too.
About Waals
About the flags
We don't know the motive yet, but we will get to the bottom of things if we keep up our investigation!
Pokémon cry (Get out of here!)
I imagine so.
But it's broken. It's useless like this.
Louise is the development-team leader for a resort company.
But somehow there was a mistake. The cellswe actually used belonged to a Pokémoncalled Mewtwo.
Brad is saying that Mr. Waals is the one who brought Crawdaunt to the island. Is it true?
Let's head back to the entrance and try again.
About Harry's accident
About Brad
Here we are, this should be the last riddle!
Hey, how's the work going? Mind if we ask you a few things?
Thanks for helping out with our investigation, Milo.
I heard that things got pretty crazy after the PCL explosion. Maybe he's just trying to avoid being noticed.
I'd bet anything that it does. We should go check it out.
We're going to go speak to the developer of R.
About fixing the bridge
Loooos...
That's an impressive Pokémon.
Huh. So like a leader to all the Pokémon that lived in the lake?
It doesn't matter. We have our clue! Let's have a look at anything that seems relevant!
Leaving the island now?
About the evidence
Seems like it would be difficult to get Timburr to carry a box without the two of them noticing...
About Ducklett
Tim! Wait up!
I wonder what this wood fragment is?
He used to take walks around the lake all the time, but I haven't seen him since the fog came in.
What are you thinking, Pikachu?
There must be monuments in other places. Let's have a look!
Are your wounds OK?
Ludi ludi.
Craaaaw.
Louise was with the chief, too?
It looks like they're scared of the lake. Is the cause of all of this hiding in the lake?
You were wounded at the lake, but the people rescued you, huh. That's good to hear.
I wonder what this plate was for.
Wow, so she's pretty important!
Mewtwo...
I can't say for certain. But I just can't believe Waals is the culprit for all of this.
What's up, Milo?
*hum hum hum* I get so excited when I think about the carnival.
The  mark sticker
I've heard he's the main reason why the plans to build a resort here aren't moving forward. I wish he'd stay out of the way.
About Milo
It says the wood from this island is really sturdy, and perfect for building houses.
But that's—!
Oh, that's cool.
All right, all right. I'll be more careful!
Well now, sounds like the rookie is getting a hang of how we do things! Let's go talk to Brad about the case first.
It's coming...? Wait, that thing in the water. Is it—
About the Pokémon incidents
So we really are going with Amanda, huh... Oh well. Come on, let's go.
It says it's the bulletin board for Timburr Transport. It has records of collected packages, work reports, and so on.
Pikachu, look! The flag!
So they help with building houses, too? That's impressive!
I wish I could say that as a Pokémon Ranger I know all about this island, but I don't know of any monuments.
Before people came here? Wow, you definitely have a long life-span.
There are some people who say bad things about him, but I know he means well.
Stay out of it!
Want to dance, too, Tim?
Oh, Waals's home is farther along this path. Just go straight and you'll find it.
It looks like it has a corner, so it probably was a box or something.
By the way, Tim, are you much of a singer?
About Crawdaunt
Are you close to Brad?
You don't know much, but you'd like to visit if it's a fun place, eh?
Brad, could you tell us more about the case Waals is involved in?
Oh yeah, she was helping him put the stickers on all the boxes at the dock.
We're almost at the lake. Only a bit more!
Poli...
Yeah.
But first we need to actually find the secret path.
About Waals's home
Don't mention it. And thanks for clearing Waals's name, too. I hope you'll find your dad soon, Tim. You take care, too, Pikachu!
Massss!
About the piece of wood
So Crawdaunt was the one who was wounding all those Pokémon.
If you forget which mark was for which home, just check the flag out front of each house.
Something about the Shellos statue... It doesn't feel right. Come to think of it, we haven't spoken to the real Shellos around here, have we?
A secret path...? I feel like I've heard that mentioned before... I'm sorry, I don't think it'll come back to me anytime soon.
I just wanted to take pictures of this island's natural splendor before the construction for the resort begins.
Stunfisk!
Waals is suspected of being the perpetrator of the fog mystery. Lieutenant Brad seems to be intent on finding proof before the boat leaves.
Seems like Ducklett is doing a lot better.
And even living this close to the lake, it would have been pretty obvious if he had been lugging around a box big enough to fit Crawdaunt.
It was so foggy, it couldn't see who attacked, but it does remember its body being clasped by a pincer. It says it hurt a lot.
What does it say down here?
All right, everyone, another day of work! I'm counting on you!
I guess we should get going. Let's wait for Amanda at the café.
They said the bridge to the lake has collapsed. Better to stay away for now, I think.
Yeah. This should prove that Waals is innocent. Thanks, Tim.
There's some talk of building a resort here, in order to really show off the nature. Louise is the head of this project.
Ludi!
Feebaaaa!
A mysterious Pokémon created through the power of science. It is said to have the Berserk Gene. I suspect that is why Pokémon become violent after being exposed to R.
Yeah, what a relief! It's all thanks to this Potion Waals made for me.
What's up?
About the fog situation
About Brad
Why does the statue look different from the real Shellos? Let's go ask Milo. Maybe he knows something.
Hey, Amanda?
Do you mean the path used to get to the festival at the lake?
About the scary Pokémon
It says it can fly with the leaves on its back! How interesting.
About following Timburr
About Manectric
Look, Pikachu! There's a monument here, too!
Burr!
Letters of thanks, and some flyers. ...Oh, and a cutout from a recent news magazine.
Maybe the chief of Timburr Transport knows something about the missing box.
Uhhh... Well...
About the incident
Burr.
What? A big wooden box?
Timburr!
Seems like he knows something, but maybe he doesn't want to say anything around Brad. Let's head outside.
There might be clues along the secret path as well. Like those Pokémon statues in front of each path. I bet they're important!
Pokémon cry (Milo, watch out!) Pokémon cry (Agh, it got me!) Pokémon cry (Uugh...)
Let's head back to Waals's place and let Brad know about what we've found.
The fog?
Humph, so Brad was right about one thing.
I hope you and Pablo can go someday!
That's right. Seems like Harry's accident was also their doing.
You've figured out the riddle on the scroll, right? Let's get to the lake!
If I find proof that he isn't the culprit, will you change your mind?
About Waals
About the secret path
Of course! The developer would know more about R than anyone else.
You're right. Let's see what it has to say.
A red body, big claws... They say that's the Pokémon that's been chasing their friends!
What's wrong? Catch a cold?
Uhh, well, we don't have wings, so it'll be hard for us to search from the sky...
Rill...
Hm... The culprit could have used some kind of trick. Let's ask them about the sorting process.
Fee-feeb!
I'm sorry, but I don't know anything about this Carlos. He must have entered PCL just after I left.
Interesting...
The secret path? Hmm, I know I've heard that somewhere. But what was it about...?
I suppose it can't hurt. You do know about the fog situation, don't you?
Seems like Waals isn't too popular among some of the town's residents.
The fog situation?
About the mysterious figure
Could it be?! *sniff* *gasp*
No, you won't have to leave the lake. Don't worry.
I do like singing, but I don't think I'm good enough to make it a performance.
No, I only see him from time to time at crime scenes. He's so friendly and funny.
About the Pokémon Carnival
I see... Is there anyone else who might know about R, besides you and Carlos?
The box that had Crawdaunt in it
Friendly?
From about a week ago, a heavy fog has covered the lake and surrounding area. This has never happened before, apparently.
Bur.
The water quality, huh... Let's go ask Grotle about the lake.
About the lake
Oh yeah, the chief mentioned something like that, too.
Sprit.
About the scroll
Why would a wooden box fragment be at the lake? And look, there's a large gash on the inside!
That's right. You know who I'm talking about?
About the missing package
Pokémon cry (What are you talking about? There's nothing wrong with me.)
Oh come on, don't be shy!
Let me see. - The night of the full moon is the beginning - Pass through the shadow of darkness — And when thou witnesseth the split moon, — the lake shall bestow its blessings
That's a good point. I wonder how the culprit was able to get Crawdaunt to the lake?
What's wrong?
I still feel nauseous... Hm?!
What?!
Yes
You can do as you please. But I'm taking Waals with me on the next ferry off of this island.
Let's have a look... Three scales.
About Brad
Could it be that the culprit used this whole flag system to have Timburr carry Crawdaunt to the lake?
By the way, Milo, what's the lake like anyway?
Actually, there is a way you can get to the lake.
Yes, I actually had one lab assistant. We've dropped out of touch since I left PCL, so I don't know what's become of him...
That's good to hear. What in the world happened, anyway?
Hey, where are you going? We need to find out why Crawdaunt suddenly appeared here!
About Shellos
You're right. It's as if something was clawing at the inside.
Funny...?
You're going to go have a look at Crawdaunt? Well, be careful.
You got it! See ya round, kid.
You want to train even more at the secret path? Not sure that's what it's for...
Feeb-feeb.
I don't know. From somewhere over there...
Louise is such a kind person!
It's worried that it might get caught up in this incident, since this area's so close to the lake.
Do you always carry a Potion with you?
It was something they did before I was born, but apparently there was a festival to celebrate the children growing up. They had the festival at the lake, and the kids had to use something to find their way through the secret path to get there.
Open up those Case Notes so we can figure out the third path to take.
About Milotic
You were attacked by something at the lake? If you don't remember, that's fine. Sorry to remind you of a scary thing.
Who is the developer of R?

Ah, I seem to recall Milo mentioning that, too.
Waals's former lab assistant, eh? Sounds like something we should look into.
Yeah.
It says it doesn't like the fog, since they can't see very well in it, and the fog hides smells, too.
It's pretty dirty. That's for sure.
About Louise
Showing off its electricity, trying toimpress us...
Feeb-feeb.
I certainly didn't expect you to be targeted by the same culprit that attacked Harry.
Great job, Tim! I'm glad the case has been closed, finally.
About the two scales
You were swimming in the lake when something suddenly threw you?
Have you ever participated in the Pokémon Carnival, Ludicolo?
Gull.
About Azumarill
Do you want to head back to Waals's home?
He's right. We'll figure something out, but until we do, just stay away from the Crawdaunt, OK?
Well, he was my partner, after all. I bet he must be a great detective, too.
It's a dirty plate.
It says it doesn't know. It was captured when it was asleep, and brought here against its will.
Poli!
Pokémon cry (I almost forgot! Here you go!)
Don't worry, we'll get the one responsible for this.

Pokémon cry (Is that so?)
Thank you very much!
About Ludicolo
About the monument
The final path we take is the one with the Shellos statue.
Fletch?

I bet it's a gorgeous place, seeing as they're thinking about building a resort there.
The boss trusted Harry completely, too.
It looks like it could be a letter. Thank you! From Mr. Baker... There's news he needs to discuss with us!
Yes. Thank you very much for your testimony.
Whew...
Not displayed dummy
It's about time! Let's get back to the office! Come on.
It definitely seems to have a temper. There's no way we can get close to it if it keeps swinging its claws around like that.
I didn't expect Feebas to evolve into Milotic!
A secret path, huh? Can't say I've heard of it.
Piu.
Pokémon cry (*sneeze*)
What in the world is going on? We need to get to the lake quickly and figure out what's happening.
Hm? Is something up, Louise?
About Waals
Yes, sir?
Carlos
About Crawdaunt
The nature here is very unique and precious, so if a resort were to be built, I imagine we'd get a swarm of tourists.
Pokémon cry (One, two, one, two.)
I guess we'll just have to stay away from Crawdaunt while we investigate.
No
It smells like a flower garden.
About the fog situation
This project might make life easier for us, but we'd also be losing some important things. I'm personally against this whole resort thing.
Oh, she helped me out with sticking the marks onto all the packages and boxes.
Yes, it was, uhh...I'd say maybe double the size of the Timburr.
You're checking the packages the Timburr delivered last week?
That means we can't dillydally.
The wounded Pokémon were all scared of something, apparently.
Still want to have a look around? Well, sure. Why not?
If you insist that Waals isn't the one who brought Crawdaunt to the lake, then show me proof!
Hey! My name's Milo!
A bolt of brilliance!
Spritz.
About the flag with the ring mark
Hey, Tim! Look at that! Masquerain!
Oh! Sorry, forgot about that bit.
About Cappucci Island
You've helped a lot. Thank you so much.
What did Louise prepare?
Yeah, did you notice anything at the time?
What's up?
About this store
Right. This mysterious figure who was behind Carlos and his activities.
Pokémon cry
OK. I promise I'll find evidence that proves Waals's innocence.
The Pokémon Carnival is the biggest festival in Ryme City. People come from near and far to see it. Some even come from abroad!
I'm so glad you were here to help.
Pikachu! Look underneath you!
I know the culprit!
Some of my buddies have headed to the lake to see if there really is a Crawdaunt there. I swear, the lieutenant doesn't know how to give us a break...
About Crawdaunt
Yeah!
Even my dad's accident... But why?
No kidding. It just became so majestic all of a sudden. Hopefully I'll be able to evolve into a Pokémon Ranger soon, too!
What's with his attitude?! Lighten up! *raspberry*
Oh, so your scent changes depending on what you eat? That's pretty interesting.
Wow. I hope we get to see it!
Emilia
Mas-mas.
Yeah.
About Louise
The scent left on the flag must belong to that person. We need to find out for sure!
Rill...
Huh? What?
The Timburr had carried a wooden box, you say? If that's true, I'd best tell the lieutenant.
Well, that's that. Let's ask the others.
The statues in the secret path
We need to solve this case quickly, so that the Pokémon here can leave peacefully.
About the incident
I did see Louise down by the docks, come to think of it. She seemed like she was in a pretty good mood.
Well, I'll see ya around! Me and my bread crumbs have got somewhere to be!
Pika, pika! Pika!
Heading back? Well, thanks for helping us out.
Yeah! Do your best!
What's that? You saw something strange just now?
Scales? They're the key to finding the secret path? You're barking up the wrong tree, friend. I've never even heard about that.
Hey, you look strong!
Take a close look at the statue of Shellos, and compare it with the real thing.
Yes
About the fog situation
Excuse me! What?!
About Crawdaunt
About Crawdaunt
Oh... Hi, Tim. I just got word from my company. They want me to head back on the next ferry.
*sigh*
Oh yeah, that's the easy part. The chief said while you were sticking marks on the boxes... he had to return to his office and get something that he forgot.
Yeah, I'd like to meet it sometime, too.
We need to investigate the area and gathertestimony to figure out what the scary Pokémon is!
Oh, I see.
You're right, only one scale. I was sure this was the place, but...
Fletch.
About the box Crawdaunt was in
About the incident
You gave it some medicinal herbs as an apology for poking it?
The boss is very calm and caring, and our clients all respect and trust him.
And it has the ring mark on it. This must be the flag the culprit used to guide the Timburr.
Don't give up. Let's keep looking!
I didn't receive any packages last week. I wasn't expecting one either, since I hadn't ordered anything.
No, I should be the one saying thanks. You've inspired me to believe in people one more time. I can't tell you how grateful I am.
What's wrong?
What a strangely shaped rock.
Listen closely, now. The two scales will guide you to the secret path. Remember that!
Look at that! What a gash! It's as if something took a chunk out using huge claws...
Come to think of it, Waals said the reason he was coming to the lake was to gather ingredients for his Potions.
That explains why this office is so pleasant.
Yeah... Ever since the fog started coming in from the lake. I've noticed more and more injured Pokémon, so I carry it around with me.
Let's go investigate that sound. Follow me, Tim!
Ha, you're looking much better already.
All right, let's check the testimony with the records we have.
True, but he was only gone a few minutes. Not nearly enough time for me to go to the lake and back!
Let's ask around about Crawdaunt.
What is Timburr Transport?
According to the records, there was one box to be delivered to you, Dr. Waals.
*grunt*
Huh? Really?
In that case, I'll search for undeniable evidence that proves he is the culprit. Let's see whose theory is correct, Tim.
Well, that's a Pokémon Ranger's job, you know!
Do you need my help with something?
See it? You've got to join in on the fun! I'll even be showing off my special dance!
Mas-mas.
Pokémon cry
Well, it seems like the bridge has been fixed. I guess I'll need to get busy soon.
About the secret path
This is all of the evidence we collected at the lake. You're free to look at any of it, but please don't remove anything.
The chief of Timburr Transport told us you might have a scroll that had information about this secret path.
A box that size could probably hold Crawdaunt.
About Spritzee
Here we go...
Just thinking something like that is here... This used to be a quiet, peaceful island...
About Crawdaunt
So that means this isn't the entrance to the path.
The flag with the ring mark
Bur.
The case is closed, so you don't need to worry anymore!
Feeb-feeb.
Yes
Did anything strike you during the whole process?
You'll find old rocks lying all over the place.
A monument with one scale carved into it.
Return to Ryme City
Feebas, are you OK?!
Yeah!
I heard about it when I was a kid. That there's a secret path that leads to the lake, somewhere on this island.
I see... It must be worrisome.
Hey, I heard you guys really saved the day, or something like that.
What? This gash was also caused by the scary thing? Whatever it is, we're done for if we get attacked!
Hmm, it just looks like a bunch of trash...
Huh? What's up, Feebas?
Really? What's that?
I guess not everyone is thrilled about the plan.
About the flag with the ring mark
You've been living in the lake a long time, but you've never seen anything like this before?
About Waals
Manec!
Feeba?
I can take you to the island if you'd like.
Pokémon cry (*growl*)
Agh! What's with the electricity?!
He or she must have felt threatened that you were looking into R, but then that makes me wonder... What did Harry find out?
The bridge ahead has collapsed. The area is unsafe, so it would be best for you to stay away.
Tsk, unless we can find the culprit who brought Crawdaunt to the lake, Brad is not going to change his mind.
Oh, it's you. Can't you see I'm in the middle of gathering testimony? Please don't bother me.
It's the bulletin board for Timburr Transport. It has collection records and whatnot.
Is it...smiling? Man, that's kinda creepy...
Did you see where Timburr delivered that box to?
About the flag with the ring mark
The lieutenant is very dedicated to his work. He works passionately to bring peace to Ryme City.
It sounds like Pikachu's having a good time!
Gathering testimony? But Amanda has nothing to do with this case! He's just flirting.
Good point. Well then, let's go have a look at those statues.
Feeba.
About the incident
About the scary Pokémon
How's your investigation going, "Detective"?
Don't be scared. As long as you stay away from its territory, Crawdaunt shouldn't attack you either.
There's got to be more evidence here. Are you sure you're not missing anything?
You know what, Amanda? Maybe you could slow this down a little bit?
No
About Milo
I know you're worried about your friends at the lake, but there's no point in trying to rush off on your own.
Wrong! All you needed was a few minutes. A sufficient amount of time for you to send a signal out, right?
I'm sorry I can't see this case through, but I wish you the best of luck in solving it!
Well, please take care, Dr. Waals.
*groan* Stop pulling so hard.You're hurting me!
The two scales...? What do you mean?
About the secret path
That's good. I hope you and all your friends at the lake can get some peace now.
Huh?
Even the Pokémon that live here don't know what's causing the fog, huh.
What? Stay out of Brad's way? We should be telling him to stay out of ours!
Oh, we're the delivery service of this island. We get packages by boat, and then deliver them to where they need to go!
Yeah, I have a license to drive a boat.
Milo, do you know much about Crawdaunt?
We know how many packages he got. Let's check the records, too.
We've checked all the statues in this area. Let's try and figure out that riddle on the scroll.
It's too early to decide that, Tim. Come on, let's have a look.
I haven't seen Crawdaunt anywhere. Do you know where it's gone to?
I wonder what's causing the fog, anyway?
I saw them head in the direction of the bridge, but that's it. Sorry I'm not more help...
Hey, are you all right?!
What are you talking about? Who would I be signaling to?
About the incident
Burrrr!
I agree. But, who could have done such a thing, and why?
Oh! The shape of their horns is different!
About Timburr Transport
Poli.
Feeb-feeb!
Marill.
C'mon! Let's go!
Looks like it was part of a statue or something.
Let's make sure to talk to Holiday.
Gull.
Waals
Apparently she's been placed in charge of the tourist resort project. She definitely seems like she knows what she's doing, doesn't she?
Burr?
So, all the Pokémon on this island get along pretty well, huh?
Oh no!
Two scales? I'm sorry. I've never even heard of it.
Oh, it's you!
I'll tell you what I discovered. The one who had Crawdaunt carried tothe lake is...
About the incident
Pokémon cry (We gotta protect our buddies! Let's make the fog!)
About the incident
What in the world...? Sounds like some kind of riddle.
Go on! Tell 'em, Tim!
About fixing the bridge
Pokémon cry (Oww...)
I wonder what they're up to?
Well then, let's head on home!
Yeah, I'll make a note of anything we notice about the statues in my Case List, too.
You don't know? Pokémon Rangers help Pokémon and we protect nature.
Are we going to be able to find it by ourselves? Oh, I'm sure we'll figure it out.
Not really. I've only read about it in books. Apparently they can live just about anywhere.
Oh, so she's an entrepreneur, too? I'm liking Louise more and more!
Let's hear Baker's opinion on this, too.
About the missing package
It says, - The night of the full moon is the beginning - Pass through the shadow of darkness — And when thou witnesseth the split moon, — the lake shall bestow its blessings
Hmm, I guess he's not a bad guy.
About Waals
Hmm... Well, now that you mention it, Louise didn't have that smell she usually has.
The lake is the treasure of this island. Nobody's gone near it since the fog started coming in, but if there's something going on at the lake, we need to stop it!
Accel!
About Brad
About the doughnut mark
Let go of Dr. Waals!
Huh? You have a sweet smell about you... Did you eat a doughnut or something?
What is that?
About Crawdaunt
You say that, but the fact remains that no box was delivered to me. Maybe the chief made a mistake?
Gull.
You don't know any Pokémon like that? Well, yeah, it's not native to this island.
Stop fighting, already. We need to start our investigation.
Scared of something? What could it be?
About Grotle
Manec!
Interesting. Do you think the Crawdaunt thinks the lake is its territory?
So Louise was the culprit behind all the stuff. I guess I shouldn't have blamed old Mr. Waals.
Pokémon cry (Our bread...)
We've searched everywhere, but no sign of a monument with two scales.
Oh yeah. Brad took it with him.
It's because you never gave up that Mr. Waals is a free man, Tim. You're going to make a great detective. I just know it!
The monument with three scales.
Burr!
About Cappucci Island
About Cappucci Island
Feeba feeba.
The  mark sticker
Pokémon cry (*barely breathing*)
No kidding, we'd better be careful while we investigate.
There wasn't anything for Waals? But the records show there was one delivery.
Timburr.
Crawdaunt was wounding all those Pokémon?! Who would do such a thing...
Accel.
About the secret path
If we check that, we should be able to find out more about what packages Timburr delivered last week.
The Timburr Transport?
Its dream is to be able to carry even bigger square logs.
Milo is safe and sound, thanks to you, Milotic!
The lieutenant told me to come verify that Crawdaunt was really here, and well... Indeed, it's as you said. There really is a Crawdaunt in the lake.
This doesn't look good for Mr. Waals... But if you think he didn't do it, I'll trust you. Tim, please don't give up.
This statue is Tropius. Its green leaves are really well-made.
Let me help, too! If it's anything about Pokémon, I'm your go-to guy!
What do you want to do, Tim?
Let's compare the testimony to the delivery records.
You know what? I think it's Spritzee's scent. It's too strong. It's making you sneeze!
About Crawdaunt
Ludicolo!
Dorothy
This is getting us nowhere. Maybe we should double-check with the chief.
Here's a monument.
Where on earth could it be? Maybe we should organize what we've found so far.
The box that had Crawdaunt in it
Oh, thank you very much, Amanda!
What? Pikachu?! Hold on a minute!
No
Grot.
Hey, knock it off! *laugh* I've gotta go! No more bread for you today! Stop it! *laugh*
Hey, Tim. I'll stay by Waals. He's not showing it, but this has got to be hard on him.
Before we do, we should go say hi to Milo.
The only person you thought about was yourself. That's sad. You'll soon regret that.
Now, that's easy! There's only one possibility.
You signaled to Spritzee.
He's a friend of the boss's. They met at the police academy, apparently.
Did something happen?
Please do. The boy sees you as a friend, and I'm sure he'll be happy you stopped by.
You, Louise! You're the culprit!
Yeah, it's almost as if someone just shrank a Tropius and put it here.
Right. So far, we've found a monument with one scale, and a monument with three scales on it.
Brad went to town to get testimony from people, right?
It says we don't need to worry: they always deliver packages correctly.
About Shellos's shape
You really care about the lake, don't you, Milo?
Yep, the case is closed! Next time we come, we'll come for a vacation.
I know you'll be able to find the real culprit. I just know it, Tim!
I understand. Leave the rest to us.
Yeah, those are large pieces of wood.
Loooooos!
I see.
You came chasing after Crawdaunt? Man, you don't know when to quit, do you?
You solved the case, did you? Impressive for such a young man.
Check the evidence
I see. I hope we can find some hint as to where it is.
Wow, it seems really angry.
About the doughnut
Do you know anything about this flag?
The bridge to the lake is destroyed, so there's no way to investigate that area. This must be Waals's doing, to impede our investigation.
Can you think of anyone at all who might be responsible?
The scrolls! Of course—now I remember! I used to hand them out to the children when we were about to have our lake festival! They were so excited, they would always call the old road to the lake the "secret path"!
About the fog situation
Are you sure you're done here? I can get the boat ready if you're ready to go.
I'm glad you're not hurt. I guess it's thanks to Pikachu.
Once we're done saying our good-byes, let'shead to the docks. We need to ride the boat to get back...unfortunately.
Oh, I know! They're going to fix the bridge! But that doesn't explain why they're carrying a flag.
Is there something you need to know?
Huh? It's happy?
Looooos.
*groan* What's wrong with you?!
Feebas! Are you all right?!
*scream*
Hey, Tim. What are you trying to do, standing around in front of Waals's house?
Fletch!
Carlos didn't invent R—he was just researching it based on the notes of the person who first developed the formula.
Timburr are gray-colored Pokémon. They help us out with construction sometimes, too.
You did it, Tim! Come on, let's keep solving the mystery!
About the incident
Did you see that, Tim? Manectric sneezed!
I'm about to have Timburr guide me to a certain place. Hopefully, this will let me prove Waals's innocence once and for all.
That's just a bunch of nonsense. Is this your idea of a joke? Do you have any proof?
You like the thrill? I swear, I don't understand you two...
They're definitely strong enough, and besides, nobody would look twice if they were carrying a box through town.
It's so cool that they're still good friends.
Ho ho ho, if I told you that, it wouldn't be a challenge now, would it? Finding the path is the first step! Well, good luck out there.
Dr. Waals? I was wondering if you could tell Pikachu andme about R?
Do you think this was a Pokémon statue, too?
No, the opposite. Some of its friends were injured because of this whole incident, and it's mad about that.
Doesn't look like it has any serious wounds. No need to be so reckless, though!
I saw them carrying around luggage in town, too.
Huh? That smell?
Pokémon cry (This is nothing!) Pokémon cry (Huh?! What's happening?)
They go every year, without exception. Now that's what you call commitment!
Let's see here... "Yet another explosion at PCL?! Who is the hero who solved the case?" Well, don't get too full of yourself just because you made the news, Tim!
Is all that stuff there the evidence they gathered at the lake?
Burr!
Let's head out, then.
What's wrong?
So this is where the entrance was. C'mon, let's go!
Pokémon cry (Huh?)
About the incident
Huh, it's saying this area's changed a lot since humans started developing it. Even the water quality has changed sincethe old days, apparently.
Oh, if you don't know, don't worry about it.
About Waals
It's hard to tell since it's all busted up, but there's some blue coloring left on it.
Really?! Yes, please!
Manec manec!
If that's the case, we're in trouble. They're very protective of their homes. Getting it to move won't be easy at all.
It does make more sense than to assume Waals somehow managed to sneak the box all the way to the lake by himself...
We've finally figured out the trick the culprit used.
So you think it was because of R that my father was attacked?
Until now, the reason Harry drove off the cliff was written off as driver error. But according to Carlos, Harry was being attacked by this mysterious figure right before the accident.
Hey, I'm not an airbag, you know... Whoa! Hey, don't get so close! You're slimy!
I'm going, too!
Feeba!
What do you want to do, Tim? Should we head back to Waals's place?
I guess we don't have a choice. We'll have to figure out what "the two scales" means and find the path for ourselves.
Make the doughnut mark
We'll help you, too. We'll clear up this mystery in no time!
What? Spritzee?
Something I can do for you?
Let's check with the chief himself!
The monument with one scale was near the bridge, and the one with three scales was near the bulletin board.
I think it's possible. Harry was going after the Pokémon related incidents that have been occurring over the past six months.
Still, now we know who the scary Pokémon is, thanks to Feebas.
All right, back to the investigation!
No problem. Just let me know when you're ready to head back!
Fletch.
Wow, that's really cool!
This looks really bad!
The lieutenant said Waals must be the one who brought Crawdaunt to the lake. I imagine it's only a matter of time before he makes the arrest.
What's this brown Pokémon statue?
Ludicolo is good at dancing.
I see... Seems like they didn't deliver anything to Waals's home, after all.
Pikachu! Get outta there!
Oh, that's a Stunfisk. You'll find a lot of them near water. They'll give you a jolt of electricity if you step on one, so be careful.
Anyone but Amanda... *moan*
That's true. Thanks!
Gull gull!
I'm sorry, but I don't have any idea who the culprit might be. I mean, you'd think I'd notice if there was some weirdo wandering around with a big box...
Once I've contacted the boss, I'll give you a hand, OK?
Poliiii.
It's the evidence gathered by the police.
What do you want to know?
It's still alive, right?
No, I can't imagine anyone living on this island would do something so terrible...
Why would they do such a thing?
Huh? You're giving us the fruit on your neck?
There may be some around here. Be careful, Pikachu.
Burr.
Hmph, we're about to go, too. We won't let you lot have your way!
Hold on. Are Masquerain causing the fog?
Don't worry—it'll be a smooth ride!
Green, pink, and blue: these colors must be a clue, too.
The lake should be safe and sound, now. Take care of yourself, OK?
Stop being so dramatic. It was really nice of her to offer.
Yes, Inspector Holiday drops by often.
Of course I do. I played there as a kid, and besides, I owe the Pokémon of the lake.
Feeba feeba!
Is this the record that the chief was talking about?
About Cappucci Island
Pokémon cry (What're you—?! Preparing to attack!)
Mas-mas.
Does Manectric take after Brad in how it's so dedicated to its work?
What's up, Tim? You seem like you're in a hurry.
*groan* What did I do to deserve this?
That's right. And here's the proof...
Things just keep getting better, don't they?
Hm? You're— I know! You're the detective that solved the PCL case, right?
This looks like it was some sort of box. It's busted up, but it must have been pretty big.
You solved the case, didn't you? Thanks!
About the Pokémon statues
Its face is always smiling so it's hard to tell if it's angry or not...
Fletch.
*grunt*
Of course we do! Show her, Tim!
Well, ya see, just after we finished putting everything on record, I noticed I'd forgotten something at my office and needed to get it.
Apparently they always took something with them when they went through the secret path. Maybe a hint is hidden in there?
A yellow circle... This must be a full moon.
Yeah, when there's no construction planned, they help out with delivering stuff. It can be pretty inconvenient living on an island like this, so we're all really grateful.
About the fog situation
There are a lot of rocks lying around. I wonder if some monument or something got busted.
It's the claw marks of Crawdaunt.
About Waals
*scream* What?!
What?! In that case, I'm going with you!
Yeah! But I'm just an apprentice for now.
Let's follow the Timburr!
Hey, let go! All I want is to have a quick chat!
Pokémon cry (Get off me! Preparing to attack!)
An apprentice?!
Why the dreamy voice? Have you fallen in love with me or something? I swear, I'm just irresistible to the—
What's happening?!
The island finally can have some peace.
We're also trying to get to the lake. Do you think you could let us see this scroll?
Was it true that there was a  mark sticker at the lake?
Proof? Right here is the proof!
Shhh! Don't be rude, Pikachu!
That figures... How could someone carry a big box without anyone noticing?
Yeah, seems like it was offended that Manectric didn't like its scent.
Do you go for boat rides often?
Pokémon cry (*in pain*)
Yes, of course I can. It's the least I can do for clearing my name.
About Holiday
Pokémon cry (You'll pay for that, Crawdaunt!)
Easy for you to say 'cause you don't knowwhat we're getting into. *sigh*
You're a bit old, but you want to take on our little trial? Well of course! I'm so happy you're interested in our culture! Wait one moment—let me go get the scroll for you!
About the incident
About the fog situation
So, Milo... we're looking for a man named Dr. Waals.
You think Timburr carried the box with Crawdaunt in it to the lake? That's impossible.
So Waals was innocent after all. But still...
About the  mark sticker
Waals thinks back and remembers…
Milooo.
What? Emilia has nothing to do with the case!
This sweet smell... It's similar to the scent left on the flag, but...
About following Timburr
Pokémon cry (*sniff* *sneeze*)
Looks like we're all ready. Well then, let's get going, Timburr!
Open up your Case Notes! It's time we figure out who caused the fog!
There's no need for you to try and protect me.
Sprit!
Uuuuugh!!
Let's compare the records with the testimony we've gathered.
I see...
*out of breath*
Well, normally we work as carpenters, but since this island is kind of isolated and hard to get around on, I figured this is another way my team and I could help out.
A photo of Mr. Baker's wife and daughter. You know, I wonder what Mom is up to...
Los!
Feeba?
I couldn't have guessed that Feebas would evolve into that Pokémon.
Looks like it. That should tell us more about the luggage Timburr delivered last week.
"Something," huh... For the time being, let's ask people who seem like they'd know a lot about the island.
Wait... Then could it be that—?
Gull?
I agree. Thanks, Milo.
I don't want to believe it either, but it's true. It was the same mark as the flag at the house.
Pikachu. Let's get going!
Pokémon cry (*dances as if happy*)
What? Brad did?
Now we've figured out the truth behind the fog situation. Let's go tell Waals.
Sprit-sprit.
About the flag with the ring mark
This is the first time I've been to Cappucci Island, but it's a very beautiful place.
It sure seems like it... But why?
Ah, so the police were searching this area, huh? Well then, let's see what they've found.
Wingull catch the wind on their white wings, and soar high up into the sky.
Oh, you're quite the celebrity now.
About Waals
Where are we going with the Timburr? We're going to find evidence that will prove who really brought Crawdaunt here!
Huh? What's this? It looks just like one of our flags, but I've never used this one before.
Huh? Are you looking for someone?
Thinking back, it must have been Louise who started the bad rumors about Mr. Waals in the first place. I owe him an apology.
Shel.
About the scary Pokémon
Looks like your wound is all better. What exactly happened?
So you left the storage area?
Rill?
Oh, sorry! It says they always deliver on time, so no need for us to meddle in their work.
Oh please. You know I won't.
What do you think this is? It's got these marks on it, together with names.
About following Timburr
You two definitely keep us on our toes, that's for sure.
It looks like it has three scales carved into it.
Burr.
Do you need help with anything?
*sniff* Hmmm, something smells like flowers!
Yeah. The culprit first mailed the box containing Crawdaunt to the island as a package for Waals.
At least someone's happy today. What's with Ludicolo?
You owe them?
About the police investigation
Thanks for delivering the letter earlier!
We need to gather testimony so we can figure out who brought Crawdaunt to the lake.
About Brad
Carlos says it's because Harry knew too much. My guess is the case Harry was investigating has some connection with this mysterious person.
Some case documents and reports.
Hey, don't make fun of me.
You've already done enough for me. No need to keep going like this...
Yeah, the case is closed. The lake should be safe now.
Sure looks like it. ...Huh? Hey, Tim! Check this out.
Why is that?
Let's go talk to the chief of Timburr Transport.
Well, there was a time when I was really young where I almost drowned at the lake. A Pokémon I'd never seen before saved my life.
Do you mean the monuments around town? Come to think of it, I think there was one right near Mr. Waals's home, too...
About the piece of wood
Because the chief checks each package and puts the stickers on them himself. I helped out that day, too, but I didn't see anything odd.
Isn't she? We practice every day together.
Huh? Seems like it's pouting now.
Now... Carlos doesn't know who this person is. Communication was always via phone, and even the delivery of R was through proxies. They never met in person.
*grunt*
About the evidence
We should head out now.
What kind of proof is that?! It's just the flag for Timburr Transport!
Why would their shapes be different... Shellos may have some characteristics that we don't know about. We should ask Milo.
Piuuu.
I wonder what that flag was.
It says it doesn't like anyone who gives Louise a hard time.
The monument with two scales could be between the two of them!
Burr!
What? A package addressed for Mr. Waals has gone missing?
I think they just finished fixing the bridge. Be careful if you're heading to the lake.
These Pokémon incidents...there are a lot of them in Ryme City these days, aren't there?
About their electric shocks
Just who do you think you're talking to? You should be the one keeping an eye out.
I was thinking this was a boring island, but if you're here, maybe something interesting will happen.
They do share the same pigheadedness.
About Amanda
Who gave you the doughnut?
Huh? What's up?
And I'm willing to bet that Waals is the cause of the wounded Pokémon, too. He must be doing some sort of strange research.
About the fog situation
About the incident
Pokémon cry (Chief, the marker, the marker!)
About Feebas
I found this poor Pokémon collapsed on the ground, covered in wounds. I think it's one of the Pokémon that live at the lake, but...
Yeah, but only for a few minutes. The thing is, when I got back, Louise didn't have her usual scent anymore. It was weird.
About Milotic
Oh, I see.
I'm sure Waals will understand.
Could it be Louise who guided the Timburr to the lake?
So this is the secret path.
About the piece of wood
Pokémon cry (Where'd this Pokémon come from?!)
Waals has to be the one who brought Crawdaunt to the lake. Maybe this is his way of getting revenge against Pokémon, and society in general.
Burr!
The Timburr Transport bulletin board, eh? Let's head to the town and check it out.
Why are you looking for him? Don't tell me you're with those other guys, are you?
About the secret path
The Timburr might be able to lead us to the flag the culprit used for their trick!
It says it can smell the lake. We can't be far!
Hm, this could have been the box Crawdaunt was brought in.
Aha. So this is something the culprit prepared, after all.
It's all right. Calm down. I'm a police officer, son. And this man has done something very wrong.
It's Amanda's boat.
Fletch.
That must be him! That's Holiday's man.
Yes. Actually, Waals said he wasn't expecting a package at all.
Qurrrr...
We've checked just about everywhere, but I didn't see a monument with two scales.
Let's head to the town to look for Waals's home.
Humph.
Move aside.
A map of Ryme City. You know, looking at it like this makes me realize it's a big place!
You were injured at the lake, but you couldn't see what exactly happened 'cause of the fog?
You want to check it out if the wood there is good for training?
It looks like a list that tells us where each box of luggage goes. The marks on the boxes are for specific houses.
Pokémon cry (Take this!)
You've helped us out a huge amount.
This is the scroll I was talking about. Go on, take it with you!
Where could it be? Maybe we should take some time to summarize what we've found.
Whattaya mean? You want to get to the island quickly,don't you? Not a problem! Let's go!
Fletch!
You can't prove that! You shouldn't accuse him of things without any evidence.
About the flag with the ring mark
About the bridge
About following Timburr
Uh...what other guys?
About Louise's condition
About Milotic
Head to Waals's home
Hmm, I hope he's not forgetting he has a business to run...
It's the flag that the chief had.
About Cappucci Island
There's such a thing as good wood for training?
You can't just make all that up!
About Tropius
The mark for the lake... It doesn't exist after all.
The scent that disappeared... Is this related to the case in some way?
We wouldn't have been able to solve the case without you, Milotic. Thank you so much.
My dad's case files will go into this pile, too, right...?
*scream*
Ah, Manectric! The flag makes you sneeze?
About Cappucci Island
He said since the case is solved, and we found the true culprit, he'll take it back to its home.
It's a great island, with lots of flowers and Berries, huh.
What's wrong?
Need anything from me?
Shellos are so tiny and cute. They make me happy just looking at them.
It's our job to figure that out!
Pokémon cry (Aaauugh!)
I'm envious. Sometimes I wish I had wings.
Hey, Masquerain! What's goin' on here? Ya gotta stop the fog!
About Waals's home
About the secret path
Oh, I see. That's good to hear.
So, it's you again...
Spritz!
Come to think of it, you knew where Waals lived, didn't you? Is he a friend?
I just wonder why a Crawdaunt is in the lake. I'd never seen a Crawdaunt in this area before the fog came in.
Carlos had kept R a secret from other people in PCL, right? How did this other person find out about it?
Burr.
Whoa!
Something's wrong with that Pokémon.
Los.
It looked like the flags the inhabitants of this island have in front of their houses.
About Crawdaunt
Grot.
About Milotic
Wow, that smells good. I could eat a whole bucket of these.
About Louise's alibi
Burrrr.
It's Pablo's piano.
That's because Spritzee's scent has soaked into this flag. Which means the culprit used Spritzee to guide the Timburr.
Pokémon cry (You're too heavy! Preparing to attack!)
Ow! What?! Oh, it's Tim you're after, huh.
And of course the chief would put a  mark sticker on it, and record it as a delivery for Waals.
It's weird there would be so much fog, when the weather is so nice out here.
Yes, that's true. The culprit used this flag and had Timburr carry the box with Crawdaunt inside.
Pokémon cry (What a rude Pokémon!)
Hmm, maybe I messed up the names in my records? I sure wish I could check with theTimburr about this...
You don't like him very much?
Indeed. There's something that's been on my mind ever since I received your report on PCL.
Pokémon cry (Not gonna happen!)
It looks really convoluted...
Stunfisk.
Around the same time, Pokémon from the lake started fleeing to the town, all wounded in some way or another.
Stunfisk.
Burr burr.
About the fog situation
You don't really know the people in town? Oh, never mind then.
Say whatever you want. The truth will be revealed soon enough.
It's over now, Louise. Come with me.
We should speak to the people who have flags with marks in front of their homes to make sure the packages delivered match the records.
Feebas, that was amazing! *laugh*
Hmm... What could have happened?
Watch where you're goin'!
Thank you very much.
You couldn't find anything, even up there, eh.
Yeah.
I can do that! I'll get the info in no time.
What's this "strange thing"?
Waals caused a huge problem at PCL 10 years ago. I think it's natural to consider him our prime suspect.
I'm not the culprit. The reason I've been going to the lake is to gather ingredients for Potions.
The picture of a full moon.
Only sometimes. I really enjoy the feeling of speed.
Hmmm... You know what? Come to think about it...this makes you the second person to ask me about R.
This is such a lovely place.
Burr burr burr burr.
About the flag with the ring mark
Feeba.
Whoa, watch it with that log! No need to get so defensive. We're not doubting you!
That secret path the old man mentioned has to be on this island somewhere. Let me know if you find anything that might be a clue.
By the way, are those things on your back hard, or soft?
The Timburr might lead us to the flag the culprit used in their trick.
About Brad
Hm, if we can figure out what the scroll's saying, we'll be able to follow the path without getting lost, right? Let's have a look at that scroll for starters.
Good idea. So far, we've found a monument with one scale, and one with three scales.
Maneeec!
Hi there! Do you like the perfume?
About the incident
Hm. They say that Pokémon keep fleeing from the lake, almost every day now.
They say it just showed up here one day, and has been attacking any Pokémon that gets too close. It's so angry it won't listen to anything they try to say to it.
Well, I guess he has some redeeming qualities.
Yeah?!
About the bridge
Carlos was wondering about that, too.
Just as I thought, the culprit used this flag to guide the Timburr to the lake.
About the fog situation
All this on the blue tarp is the evidence the police collected. Why don't you have a look?
About the fog situation
Rill.
Humph.
The  mark sticker is conclusive proof that Waals is the culprit.
Tim-burr!
I wonder where it flew off to.
Let's give it a try. Say something to me!
That's right. But then the culprit changed the sticker to the ring mark when the chief wasn't looking.
This is my first time here, too, actually. It's a very beautiful island, isn't it?
Oh! I think it's injured!
About Crawdaunt
About the scroll
What?
You don't know? Well, let me know if you find it!
About the secret path
The monument with one scale was near the bridge, while the one with three scales was near the bulletin board by the dock.
Who did she signal?
In that case, did you carry any kind of box or anything to the lake?
Manec!
Pokémon cry (I'm Milotic now.)
What's its deal?
I was only half-conscious, and don't really remember what it looked like. But I know it wasn't a dream. Here's proof!
Ohhh, uh... Never mind that. I'll take you to him.
About Stunfisk
This mark is the one used for Waals's home. It seems that he was the one who brought Crawdaunt to the island, after all.
Huh? You took a wooden box to the lake? And it had a doughnut mark?
And if we find that, we can prove Waals is innocent, right? Come on, let's go get it!
Accel!
Hm? But then, could it be...
He came all this way just to tell us that? What's this guy's problem, seriously?
Thank you very much for giving us the scroll.
I think I just need to feel solid ground. Pikachu, how are you doing?
Just like the chief said, huh. Oh well.
We should check with the chief and with the Timburr about the missing package.
Fletch.
I heard the fog cleared up.
We're heading off to Cappucci Island. Do you know what kind of place it is?
I bet that makes it hard for the Stunfisk to live in peace, too.
Here we go!
Head back to the secret path
The monument with two scales could be somewhere in between!
They're just really focused on their work.
About Crawdaunt
Burr...
About the incident
Good question, I was wondering about that myself.
Whattaya mean, "no"? Is something out there?
And if we find that, we can clear Waals's name, right? Come on, let's go!
Uh-oh... I think my bad hunch might be true...
I'd love to show off my skills, but... My legs just don't reach where they need to.
I believe it was about two months ago. A man asked me the same thing. And you know? I recall he had a Pikachu with him, too, just like you.
Hey! Are you all right?
Do you think you could tell us about whatever attacked you? Huh? What's wrong? You seem reluctant.
The way they can carry all those huge boxes is pretty impressive.
Pokémon cry (It's scary! Terrifying!)
Seems they're worried about outsiders. What should we do?
Waals isn't the culprit. I bet that sticker was put there by the culprit to frame him!
All right, everyone! Time to get back to work!
Pokémon cry (Uuuh…)
And then the Timburr carried it to the lake.
It's angry? Why would that be?
This way!
I didn't realize Spritzee had a temperamental side.
Gull gull.
Don't look so depressed! All the Pokémon of the lake turned out to be fine.
Is everything all right, Louise? You seem tired.
Don't tell me you think Waals is responsible for all of that?!
Craaaaw! Craaaaaaaaw!
There's absolutely no way my investigation is on the wrong track.
Feeba.
*groan*
Don't leave yet
Oh, not really. I just visited his place a few times for business reasons.
Oh, there's Louise. Man, she smells good.
About Timburr Transport
That's right. You've got a good memory! Waals is the one who first developed the formula for R, so he must know something.
It shows which marks are supposed to go to which houses.
A secret path to the lake, huh? If we can find that, we'll be one step ahead of Brad.
I don't see any around here, but... The boss always says it's good to flip your thinking sometimes.
Hey, Tim. There's a bridge over there.
Looooos.
Hmph, once the bridge is fixed we'll be able to search the far shore of the lake. We'll find conclusive evidence there, mark my words.
About Brad
Maybe the chief of Timburr Transport can tell us something about the wooden boxes. We should go ask him.
You mean regarding construction of the resort?
About the lake
Waals's home should be straight ahead— all we need to do is follow this path.
Piu?
I checked everywhere I could think of to see if we had some information on where he lives, but I couldn't find anything.
Isn't it? It's warm year-round, and the food is also delicious. A great place to have a vacation.
I hope Waals doesn't get even more depressed by this...
Do we really have to ride this back, too? *sigh* Not looking forward to it...
It's just a wooden box.
Seems like it doesn't know much about Crawdaunt.
About the flag with the ring mark
About the scroll
Any chance that Carlos is lying?
Of course I do. I've even gathered information that Waals is capturing Pokémon of the lake and conducting strange experiments on them.
About Waals
*struggle* I won't! He didn't do anything wrong!
We should double-check with the chief about last week's deliveries.
*scoff* If that's the case, then what about this sticker? If your deductions are correct, then the box would have had a ring-shaped mark on it, am I right? Guess what? No such mark has been found!
Pull yourself together, buddy.
I guess it would be difficult to fix the bridge while the fog is still so heavy?
Oh, it's just I've hit a bump in the development plan. I've probably been focusing too much on it, but I just can't afford to have it fail...
About Crawdaunt
I hear it's the perfect island to relax on. It's supposed to have a beautiful lake, too.
We've got our own broadcasting station and research lab, not to mention a port! I think we also have a theme park, too. Or we used to.
Miloooo.
It's beyond debate. Waals is the culprit.
Milo said he'd guide us to Waals's home. Let's follow him!
This is the mark chart.
Pokémon cry (Sorry!)
Yeah, we'll definitely come again. When we do, you and Milo have to show us around the island!
Please don't overdo it.
Oh, so as you grow older, you switch to larger logs, huh?
I see.
Do you think you could tell us anything about the doughnut mark?
That's not true!
Pokémon cry (Calm down! Just stop the fog for a moment!)
Let's cross the bridge and head to the lake.
Did you explain that to Brad?
This happens to you all the time!You need to be more careful. There, all better!
What do you mean?
We need to get it some help!
Is this a scale? It's really beautiful.
Have you said your good-byes? Do you want to head home?
Sprit-sprit.
Waals
It says it was a gift from Holiday. He's never given me any gifts like that!
Yes
About last week's deliveries
I wonder, does Ducklett's injury have anything to do with the case?
The fog's so thick that even you can't get close, huh.
About the doughnut mark
This must be Pablo's collection.
Hm? Has something happened to Louise?
Stunfisk.
Each path has a Pokémon statue in front of it. There are some Pokémon I've never seen before, too. Do you know about them, Milo?
About the fog situation
About the  mark sticker
About the two scales
Hey, have you ever seen this flag?
No
Let's find a way to get to the lake. People in the town might be able to help us!
Dr. Waals is innocent?! I have a headache.
Feeba feeba!
I think I'll go see for myself what's going on at the lake.
Actually, I'm not doing so hot. *heave*
Pokémon cry (That's not— *sneeze*)
About Timburr Transport
Yeah, let's see if we can find Waals!
Yeah, now we can finally get to the lake!
Apparently the bridge has been fixed. Brad's already headed to the lake.
I think Brad had said it had collapsed, but maybe we should have a look.
About last week's deliveries
Hey! What're you doing?!
We should head over there soon, too.
Oh? Apparently Brad is trying to get on good terms with Fletchling.
Burr!
Ducklett are actually better at swimming than flying. And if they get attacked, they can splash water using their blue feathers.
Tim-burr!
We haven't solved the riddle of the scroll yet. If we get lost in this fog, we won't be able to find our way out. Let's figure out what the scroll means first.
Bur?
Hmm, I wonder what the cause is?
I'm so sorry! Stop, Pikachu...
A soccer ball? Maybe somebody forgot it here.
Sweet and delicious... That's a real doughnut!
But the lake isn't on their chart of destinations. In order to get the box delivered properly, someone needed to guide the Timburr using a flag with the ring mark.
Good call. I need to brace myself for this...
Mas-mas!
Pokémon cry (Well, if you insist…)
About the incident
No, I don't think it's underwater.
All right, let's go look!
Too bad. She just got a little too carried away. Lesson learned.
Pokémon cry (Inspector Holiday!)
Oh? You're going to teach me how to use electricity, as thanks for solving the case?
Quack?
Yes, I wanted to see if he was willing to part with his property, which we need to continue with the plan. He definitely wasn't interested.
About Louise
Yeah, I don't know. Seems happierthan usual, right?
The big guy we saw just after getting off the boat seemed like he'd know a lot about this island.
Miloooo?
They really do like training, don't they?
A Crawdaunt is causing trouble, when it's not even native to this island... What does it all mean? This is worth looking into.
About the monument
Hmmm...
A scroll, huh... Let's go talk to the old man in town.
According to Milo, it should be somewhere around this part of the island, but...
Any ring-shaped mark? ...No.
Flip my thinking...?
It says it doesn't remember how it got hurt very well.
It's all right! Spritzee makes my perfume.
Obviously he's right...and you'recompletely wrong!
Hmph, and what good would that do? People only believe what they want to believe.
About last week's deliveries
Sounds like it'll be a nice change of pace from Ryme City.
It seems like Crawdaunt is short-tempered to begin with. Even when the Masquerain tried to scare it off with their eyelike antennae, it just tried to attack them.
What are you so riled up about?
Hmm?
The fact that normally docile Pokémon suddenly became hostile and violent. It fits with the other Pokémon incidents too well.
It may have something to do with the case. Make a record of it for now.
If only the mist would clear, we could ask to have the bridge fixed, but...there's little we can do if we don't know the cause.
About the incident
Well, the bridge is fixed now. We can headto the lake and check it out for ourselves.
Manec-manec!
So, Louise used us to cause all the trouble, huh... I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel a little responsible, but we're going to keep carrying luggage around for the folks on this island.
About bird Pokémon
Fee!
Careful, Pikachu. If you get too close, you'll—
Dorothy? I don't think she knew anything about R.
About Brad
Burr!
About Milo
Gull!
You're saying that Timburr could have carried the box with Crawdaunt in it? Do you think we're responsible or something?
It's a soccer ball.
Wow... That Feebas!
Hm...
You met Louise?
We've searched this area thoroughly, but this is all that we've found.
Glad you're OK, Pikachu.
Wagh! It shocked me!
About the  mark sticker
Hm? It says they did carry a box with a doughnut-like mark on it.
Pokémon cry (Well? isn't it a lovely scent?)
So, Detective, do you think Waals is the culprit?
Oh, it's all right for us to touch them?
About Amanda
*moan* I just had that dream again. But somehow it felt different from before.
Yeah, she was really cheerful. She'd been in a foul mood since Waals refused to sell his property, so I was pretty surprised.
When I was a kid, I almost drowned in the lake. The Pokémon that saved me was Milotic. I'm glad I get to see it again.
All right, let's put the theory to the test!
Oh, Inspector Holiday introduced me to Miss Amanda a while back. Speaking to her just fills me with inspiration. A very smart, observant lady!
Spritzee
Let's look for clues at the lake.
Do they mean like a ring? I don't remember seeing a mark like that anywhere...
About the large wooden box
I wonder what they feel like?
I'm sure everyone will be grateful, sir.
But there wasn't any flag in the evidence the police collected...
Sorry to keep you waiting, Tim. I can give you a full breakdown of what we got from Carlos during his interrogation.
Feeba!
I can't imagine Louise being in a bad mood.
Even Pokémon can see through him, huh...
*struggle* I am very sorry.I'm afraid he has you fooled. I have testimony from a reliable source that this man is often seen at the lake—not to mention he has a previous record. Therefore, he's got to be the culprit.
Wow, I kind of want to see that.
There's a flag with a  mark.
Pokémon cry (The Pokémon Carnival!)
Two marks chiseled into the stone... Hey, do you think these are meant to be scales?
Quack.
It sounds like he took the most heat for the explosion incident at PCL. It doesn't surprise me that he wouldn't want to be found.
Whoa! Well, that's definitely a piece of wood!
He's wrong! The sticker was a trick just to frame Dr. Waals.
All right, the fog's cleared up!
Hello. Did you need something from me?
But...it still doesn't look so good.
What brings you here?
That's why I was saying...
Brad told me all about it... Who'd have thought Waals would be the culprit...
Hey, hold on! Take your time to think it through!
About the Pokémon Carnival
About fixing the bridge
Hey, do you think you could teach me how to produce electric shocks?
Hmm, we got a clue for the entrance, but...
About its electric shock
Poli.
Pokémon cry (Eeek!)
About Cappucci Island
Timburr, we were able to crack the case thanks to you!
No way I'm going anywhere near it after seeing this.
Stunfisk.
What in the world is that? Is there something in the lake?
Wow...look at that!
Sprit-sprit?
So you think R was used in the other incidents, too?
But why were the Masquerain causing the fog in the first place?
About the two scales
Bur!
Nah! Feebas just look like that— it's their natural state.
I guess it gets along with Inspector Holiday.
No. There's no evidence, so I can't say.
That's not certain yet.
Huh? We haven't solved the riddle yet. You've got to think calmly about this.
It's a Pokémon that's never existed on this island before, so that's not surprising.
Ask me anything.
You're wrong! Dr. Waals is—
Are you still mad?
That's it! Give me a shout, just like you did now, if you find anything that might be related to the secret path.
There might be something you missed. Let's go talk to everyone again.
Hey, what do you mean by a doughnut mark?
Brad
I don't want to go along with that man, but the evidence against me keeps piling up. There's not much we can do at this point...
Waals's home is just ahead.
And the scent really is one of a kind! So, are you here as a tourist?
All right! Back to work!
Hm? Do you need something?
That's right. I think that's the best explanation.
Piuuuu!
Do whatever you want. Although, I should warn you, the bridge to the lake has collapsed.
Oh, Tim... It seems like things are a mess.
I know, right? If I ever get to see that Pokémon again, I want to say thank you, properly.
*laugh* I guess having a sensitive nose isn't always good! See you 'round, sneezy pants!
What?
Thanks for helping, Feebas!
It's saying Waals is definitely the bad guy, and there's no way he's going to escape.
Oh, well, hello there, Accie! I forgot—you love these doughnuts, don't you?Here you go. Enjoy!
Oh please. I bet it's forgotten everything I said.
No way! That must've been my father! I'm trying to find him! That's why I came to ask what you knowabout R!
I never knew such a beautiful Pokémon existed... Ah! No time to get distracted. I must keep my eyes on the evidence!
Thanks to it, we can search inside the ruins!
I don't see anything around here that has anything to do with a secret path. If you find anything, let me know.
There should be one package for Waals, according to the records, but... Where could it have gone?
Ah, I see. Yes, it could be possible that Waals had the Timburr carry the wooden box. I'll have my men look into it immediately.
Manectric
I can't see anything through all of this fog.
Fletchling!
Which means that Timburr Transport doesn't use a ring-shaped mark at all.
Hm? What's this?
Who could it belong to, indeed...? We'll find out soon enough.
Pah, those Stunfisk were too slow with their little shocks!
Are you OK, Pikachu? Were you having a bad dream?
That's right. The police haven't found anything, even though they've searched high and low. Then maybe what you're looking for is somewhere we simply can't look?
About the  mark sticker
Look for it from the sky? I hope you realize our arms aren't wings.
Pokémon cry (No problem, friend!)
About following Timburr
The desk my dad used. Dad...
*sniff sniff* This sweet smell... It's just like the scent on the flag!
Uh-huh...
It seems like they were trying to keep their friends hidden from the scary Pokémon that's started living in the lake.
So all they could do was create this thick fog, and try to hide their friends, huh.
Get away from Ducklett!
Don't worry, Tim. Harry's safe. I can just tell...somehow.
To be honest, I'm not too fond of her. She was really forceful and heavy-handed when she came to buy the property, too.
What?! It looked like the guy next to me?
About Louise
Gull.
Yeah, I've got this. If there's anything you need to know, just ask!
I don't remember seeing it before. Does it have something to do with the missing box?
Yeah, you're right. Thanks, Pikachu.
Why was a  mark sticker at the lake...?
Well, that trick with the stickers certainly surprised me! I hope you're able to catch the culprit. Let me know if there's anything I can do to help!
Pokémon cry (What to do...)
Maybe that missing package was actually the box that contained Crawdaunt?
About Cappucci Island
What are the Timburr doing?
Milomilooo.
That's the spirit! If you find anything, let me know!
Let's head out.
Thank you very much.
About Louise
Oh, you poor thing! 
It makes it a little difficult to investigate. *scream*
Seems like Waals and Louise didn't have the best of relationships.
*sigh* I hope this doesn't inspire him to spout out any more "brilliant" theories...
It doesn't seem like an easy job, that's for sure.
You went and found this for us? Thanks, Feebas!
Shellos is an interesting Pokémon. Its shape and color change depending on where it lives, or the water quality of the area.
Fletch.
Now the Pokémon can go back to living in peace, too. Thank you very much!
There's still nothing to prove that Waals is the culprit. Maybe if we find some proof that he's innocent, Manectric will trust us?
You know Feebas, Milo?
Flehhhhhtch!
Thank you very much, sir!
You found the ring-mark flag!
About this store
What?!
Don't scoff at me! How rude!
Hey, calm down, Tim. You can't rush this!
It says they always deliver on time, so no need for us to meddle in their work.
You want to go talk to Crawdaunt to calm it down? I'm not sure if it's the type to just sit and listen...
Inspector, you know... we were thinking about tracking down Dr. Waals.
Ahh, today's coffee is delicious, as always! Seems a bit more tart than usual.
The case is closed. You and your friends don't need to worry about being attacked anymore.
Fisky-fisky-fisky-fisk.
Humans can't really stay underwater that long.
Let's go gather testimony in town for starters. Come on, Tim!
Yes, that's it! Wait! No, it's not!
Feeba!
There is a flag with a  mark.
Did you find any clues?
A half circle in the sky... This must mean a half-moon.
Grot?
You're cautious, aren't you? I can't go against Lieutenant Brad's orders, but if there's anything I can help with, let me know.
Feeba feeba!
You two seem a bit dizzy... Is everything OK?
Pokémon cry (I said hello!)
Let's have a look at the evidence the police gathered at the lake.
Ohhhh! Well, that would be a good start! In fact, we just found out where he's living. It seems that he moved to Cappucci Island.
It looked like me? I wonder what they mean by that...
I swear, he really wants Waals to be the culprit, doesn't he?
Two scales, huh... There was something that caught my attention to the left of Waals's home.
Huh, so back in the day you guys looked different from the way you look now?
About the missing package
Yeah, its scales are like a rainbow. I've never seen anything as beautiful.
Burrr!
Fletch.
The world is not forgiving of those who have made mistakes...
According to Waals and the Timburr, there never was any package for Waals. There must be some kind of trick or something.
Don't worry, Tim. I'm sure the Timburr will show us where the flag is.
Ow! OK, OK, I'm sorry! I swear. I'm glad you have a good memory, but you shouldn't use it to hold grudges!
Timburr, what's wrong?
Fletch.
Accel.
Yeah, probably a bad idea. The fog's so thick, we wouldn't be able to see what we're doing.
About Milo
About Spritzee's scent
Huh, the luggage in front of the bridge had the same mark stuck to it.
A scary Pokémon? Is that the cause of all the wounded Pokémon?
About the secret path
You're right! I wonder what it means? Let's go ask the chief.
Pokémon cry (It hurts so much…)
Well, the best of luck to you, anyway!
But it is true he caused some kind of problem in the past, right? No wonder everyone's so suspicious of him.
Yep. Feebas evolved into Milotic!
You did great earlier. Thanks to you, the fog has cleared and we can investigate around the lake!
Do you know him?
Pokémon cry (Thank you, sir!)
There are three different paths again.
Huh, I bet it would be interesting to compare the differences. I wonder what they look like?
Hmm... All these scattered wood chunks... And the white paint... Could this be...?
There's a flag for Timburr Transport.
I imagine so. Let's figure out what it actually is!
The picture of a half-moon.
I can't see it too well from here.
"The Pokémon Carnival"? What is that?
Pokémon cry (*sneeze*)
Maybe he just doesn't like boats! I hope I haven't scared him.
What are you thinking, Pikachu? Is there something about these wood pieces?
Hmm, well, I've been on the police force a long time, and I've developed a good sense for that kind of thing. But it didn't seem like Carlos was lying.
I don't see it on the mark chart...
About the squared log
Fletch.
Yeah, I've seen it at the lake from time to time. It doesn't look like much, but it's really reckless and always gets hurt in one way or another. I couldn't just leave it.
About Brad
About Cappucci Island
Oh! Timburr! Don't see them every day.
So...Dr. Waals is behind all of this?
Burr!
A black circle, as if there's a hole in the sky. Now what would this mean...?
Waals must have received the wooden box from the Timburr, and then secretly carried it up to the lake.
Apparently they're used to mark where the Timburr are supposed to deliver the packages.
It says that it delivers letters for Amanda from time to time.
Burr!
Yes, all that's left is to figure out whose scent is the one left on the flag.
It says it feels some sort of kinship toward him. Maybe Accelgor's a tired old man, too.
Waals doesn't seem to know anything.
Cappucci Island...?
No, I'm looking for someone. His name is Dr. Waals. Do you know him?
About the incident
You know I can't divulge sensitive information like that... Hmm?
Feeb-feeb!
Huh? Tart?
Hmph. This "mysterious person" clearly has their own information network.
Mas-mas!
Quack!
Oh, I saw the police and just got a bit worried.
OK, let's head to the secret path.
About the monuments
There's a monument of some kind.
I sure do. Dr. Waals's home happens to be right down this path.
The records don't match the delivered boxes? It's hard to believe Waals is lying about it, but the Timburr have never made a mistake before, either.
There are three colors on the scroll, so this must be the last riddle. Just a bit more to go, Tim!
There's a flag with a  mark.
Now that you mention it...they do kind of look like scales. I get it now—the number of scales carved into the statue is the clue.
Feeb-feeb!
It's a  mark sticker.
About Cappucci Island
You'll go check it out? It's dangerous!
Milo, please, no more. I don't want you to worry about me.
About Azumarill
Waals can't be the culprit.
I don't think I've ever seen one in Ryme City. What's that square log they're holding?
Louise, you didn't happen to go to the lake with the Timburr one week ago, did you?
I guess this "secret path" or whatever is our only hope of getting to the lake.
There's a flag with a  mark.
Sounds like it's a bit of a troublemaker.
Let's ask other people.
What do you say, Tim? Do you want to head up to the lake?
See that? Practically a confession.
Well, look who it is! Your timing is perfect. It seems Dr. Waals is indeed the culprit!
Hey, calm down—I said we're not doubting you or anything! We might have better luck just going to the lake ourselves.
We can finally start fixing the bridge now.
Well...hi. Still investigating, are we? It's no use. I've got this case practically closed.
Pokémon cry (Aaaaaaaaaaaah!)
About Waals
I don't think there's anything interesting here. Let's search somewhere else.
About Crawdaunt
A carnival?
Yes, he's the son of one of the boss's friends. We came to the island together.
Huh?!
But Waals says he doesn't know anything about the wooden box. And besides, could he really have carried a box big enough to fit Crawdaunt all the way to the lake without anyone noticing?
Carlos had already handed over his research notes plus the base ingredients for R. Who knows what they're planning, but they've got some very dangerous tools now.
Ah, so that's why you're looking after him.
I wonder what it's all about?
Come on, that's common sense! No moon in the sky, so in other words a new moon!
What do you want to know?
Tell him...it's not true!
Bwah! I get it, you're happy! No need to splash me with the water from your wings!
You did it, Tim! Let's head to the secret path!
Hey, it's giving us some of its fruit as thanks! Let's have them on the ride back.
Really? I wonder what they looked like.
Hey, Tim, did you see something over there?
Hahaha, I'm glad this case is closed, too. It's all thanks to your ideas holding water, Pikachu. You're doing pretty good at that, too, actually!
About Ducklett
A trick?
Let's check out the Pokémon statues.
About Carlos's interrogation
Feeba!
Stunfisk!
You know, Feebas and Milo are pretty similar.
About the flag with the ring mark
No, of course not—
Feeba!
So the case at PCL and Harry's accident were related, after all.
Another fork in the road, Tim.
About Crawdaunt
Well, it definitely does a good job. Thanks!
Whoa, that was a good guess! Yeah, the Pokémon Carnival! Ludicolo and I are really pumped!
They say there's conclusive evidence.
Poli.
Sprit.
Yeah, this piece of wood might be useful for our investigation.
The two scales would guide us to the secret path, so that means...
Fletch...
Yeah, I'm curious about that splashing, too.
Burr!
Ah, I see. You're here to visit Mr. Waals...
Whoa—?! *scream*
Burr!
I wonder how the interrogation is going...
Still doing your own investigation?
Hm? No, I didn't. I was helping the Timburr Transport crew sort their luggage around the dock that day. I didn't have time to go on a tour like that.
This could sting just a little...
Sprit-sprit-zee.
What?! How could you not notice all this commotion about the lake?!
We've checked all the statues in this area. Let's see if we can solve the riddle on the scroll.
And for that, we'll need its help. Let's get moving, Tim!
So they stick one of the marks on each box, and then Timburr carry the box to the flag that has the same mark, right?
Oh, stop being so harsh. Although to be honest, I kind of know what you mean...
Poliwag, are you OK?!
Feeba!
Cappucci Island has a lot of Pokémon that you'd never see in Ryme City.
Feeba feeba!
No, no, it's someone else. You know who!
Come on, hurry up!
I can tell that this means a lot. All right, I'll tell you everything I know.
Pokémon cry (Hey! It's all better now!)
The bridge has fallen down and can't be crossed. Wait until the fog clears.
We've checked all the statues around here. Let's try and solve that riddle on the scroll.
Don't think I've seen you before. Where are you from?
Is there a problem?
Yeah! With this piece of wood, we should be able to help out Milo's friend.
Why would a sticker be at the lake...? I honestly know nothing about Crawdaunt.
Did you come from the lake, Ducklett?
Hey, Pikachu... Am I being self-conscious, or is Brad glaring at me?
Good question. But...they say no news is good news! So, may as well chill out.
Phew! That was a close one! Thanks for that, Tim!
Open up your Case Notes so we can solve the riddle of the scroll.
If we can even stomach food... I really hope the boat ride back is less rocky...
You wanted to make friends with Spritzee? Yeah, me, too...
About the incident
It's a very lively festival. I can't wait.
About last week's deliveries
What's going on with you, Manectric?
