Yes, sir! Got it all down!
Yeah, this looks like the warehouse in the photo.
Yeah. You must have been with him, too. Don't you remember anything?
According to the map, the warehouse district around Ryme Wharf is divided into three areas.
Yeah, I bet Dad'll be surprised.
It's a bed.
All right! Now, let's look into those containers!
Oh! It's the same one from the photo!
But it doesn't seem like you're a scientist. Why this interest in R?
What do you mean, "send"? Do you just shout out, or is there some sort of signal system?
Hey! Anything unusual?
Yeah! Of course we're still investigating. We're going to find clues on Harry's whereabouts—you'll see!
Accelgor! Distract him for us!
It looks like they're opening the gate.
Look, Pikachu! There's some kind of document behind the box.
Woo-hoo! *grunt* We did it!
Stuff keeps coming from the room in the back.
About the work
I wonder if you'll remember anything if we go to the chemical storage area?
Let's see... It was about two months ago. They were unloading a machine from a ship.
Hey! What was that?
Such a dedicated Pokémon... Do you think this man in the photo is its partner?
We haven't seen everything yet. Let's keep looking!
Champ.
Yes! Good, good. Next is that box...
Rattata!
Yeah, his shoulders seem twice as wide as mine.
About Mewtwo's cells
Eleven hours... The man in a lab coat...
Hey, have you seen it today?
I think it's just that you're too messy, Pikachu.
About the warehouse in the photo
Some case documents and reports.
I see... Sounds like Harry was really staking this area out and trying to get to Keith.
Just close the door! Hurry!
I'm not sure. Do you think you could open it up?
About the people in the photo
Yes
Nope, nothing to report.
*groan* Get offa me! You're too heavy! *groan*
Fletch?
Huh? Oh, where's Accelgor going?
Pan!
Yeah, an outline for their plans. Seems like Keith is going to export R.
Nah, not yet. Maybe it'll come back in a bit?
Well, my dad is a detective, and he was investigating the incidents involving Pokémon. But he's gone missing now, and...when we followed the information he'd left behind, it led us to R.
About the warehouse in the photo
Don't let it see us! Let's stay and watch what it does.
Good luck with that.
I see... Well, thank you, anyway.
Macho!
All right... *grunt* Come on, Pikachu. But what about you?
Improving R
Champ!
Hey! Come here. Anything to report?
What do you mean? What did you promise—and to who?
About the containers
I can't wait. It's so nice, you know...?
I'll make a note of anything we find.
You don't like him because he's always rushing Simon to get stuff done, and he always looks so scary, huh. What is he trying to get Simon to do?
About the warehouse areas
Yeah.
You really helped us out earlier.
I see. It seems like you're a pretty good detective yourself. You'd be doing me a favor if you solved this case, too. About six months ago, a tall man brought me here and has had me making R ever since.
Oh wow! Look at that...
Hey there! Seems like you're having a rough time with the security here, too.
A machine? What kind of machine?
Photo of Keith with a blond man
About the containers
Pokémon cry (Laundry's not easy.) Pokémon cry (Whoops... Ooof!)
Yeah, and each one looks pretty big.
I don't remember what it looked like, but it must have been expensive. The scrawny guy in the photo kept nagging the carriers to not damage it.
It said it's not good at communicating.
Pokémon cry (That's not good) Pokémon cry (Tah! shout he makes jumping)
OK.
Hey, Pansage! Did Simon ever work with an old man...with a white beard?
But why would it rely on you to do such an important thing...
Rata! Rattata!
Yeah, our plan worked, thanks to you.
It looks like they're carrying things that don't go on the conveyor belt.
They're super heavy and perfect for training? Oh, and you think I'd enjoy carrying them, too? No, I'm good. What color are the containers?
Hey, whaddaya mean?! I'm a great detective! I bet Mewtwo heard of my reputation and decided I was trustworthy. I mean... I can't remember the details, but still...
Previous page
Pan!
Good to hear. Oh, I almost forgot! This is very important. Be sure to never, ever touch the switch next to the conveyor belt.
Oh, we use Pelipper! We put the notice in its beak and have it fly over to the ship.
Yep. That's most likely R. And some warehouses, too...
You'll introduce us to Simon? Thanks!
It can even support the weight of a person? Wow, that's pretty impressive! Do you think you can pull me up?
About Ryme Wharf
Yes! We can hear what they're saying!
Pan!
Right.
It's not so much work, but more of a hobby? Well, I guess that's good.
What in the world did Keith bring in? I bet it's something to do with R...
Uh-huh. Look at all that security! Somethin' fishy's goin' on...
No
No wonder Keith was after Harry. We've found out a lot, but there was something he said that got my attention.
Now, how do we find the exact warehouse that's in the photo...
Gah, the smell is enough to make me choke. Do you think you could wait on opening it and pull us up first?
Yeah, and judging by how it looks, Pansage couldn't get around to washing the blankets...
Wow, the blue containers must really stink...
About the Berserk Gene
Yeah, I'm starting to think we can do this—so long as we have the right plan.
Yea, it really warms my heart. Maybe I'll give it a treat again.
Yeah. But man, look at those Pokémon. I bet they're all sweaty and stinky...
About the people in the photo
Something tells me you made that last bit up...
Tim! Now's our chance!
Great! Thanks, Pelipper. Well, kid, we've got the answer right here! The blue containers are for food, the red ones are for oil, and the green ones are for machinery.
Mach!
Is this really their hideout? Let's investigate this area.
Here, I will lay out potential future development of R. Currently, R is transported using special vials. However, these vials break easily and also prevent efficient mixing of the liquids. We have begun working on a capsule form to counter these drawbacks.
Yes, sir! But...can I ask why?
Pokémon cry (Understood!)
No way... Could those be Mewtwo cells?
Yeah. They have the whole place fenced off. Pretty heavy security.
This has got to be R. I didn't realize they'd made so much of it...
Spin!
Research? Well, that figures... He is a scientist. Do you know anything specific?
What? It says "R Experimentation Report." Good find, Tim! This must be a report on R!
Pan!
This is Keith.
No, I can't remember anything... But looking at this photo, it makes me feel...uneasy...
Hey, were you eating chocolate on the desk again?
That's right, to investigate the warehouse. We need to find the exact warehouse that's in Harry's photo and see what it can show us.
Whew...
You want to know which warehouse it is? You'll need more to go on than a photo... It might help to figure out what kinds of goods are stored there.
About the containers
You want to know more about the container the man in the photo's dealing with? Well, I only saw it once, so I can't say much...
You know where to go, right? It's at the far end of the first floor. We need to find Simon and hear what he can tell us about R, plus figure out a rescue plan!
We can't check all of them...
You need to know what goods he deals with? Well, I can tell you he always uses blue containers. Dunno what's in them, though.
That might just work. Let's see... I'm pretty sure Pansage will be happy to help us. And Spinarak wanted to get down to the first floor, so it might be willing to help, too. Who else...
I think we need more information.
These are cans of some sort of health food.
You want to know about the different areas? I don't know much about area A, but areas B and C are storage areas for oil. I'm in charge of unloading the oil tankers, so I go to those areas all the time.
About Accelgor
*scream*
Oh perfect! There's a container right here. *grunt* It's just big enough for the two of you.
About the tasty treat
Uh... Pikachu, do you think it's OK to try an' help it?
Thank you.
That switch controls which direction the conveyor belt is moving in. If you accidentally bump it, it can cause a lot of problems.
The balloon used to cause the incident at the amusement park is the perfect example of R's properties as a gas.
Ah, a perfect place to take a peek from! Have a look, but be careful!
Yeah, and he sure looks full of himself here. This is the guy who acted all spineless at GNN.
Paaan...
Ha! Brace yourself for a shock... It was Mewtwo!
They're red, huh. Well, thanks!
I guess they couldn't fit it all in the shelves.
He asked you to carry some of his containers? Really?!
Mm? Over there?
No! Nothing out of the ordinary.
So you know what we make here, right?
Yeah... Harry must have found this somewhere in the hideout.
What are they talking about?
Got it.
First, we need to have a good look at the photos and figure out what we need to ask.
Yeah. If it decides to cause trouble, we can handle it.
But if R gets used all over the world, it'll be chaos! It'll be impossible to stop!
Did you forget something? Hurry up, Tim!
I guess it really is shy.
What do you mean, "He's right"? It was your fault in the first place! Sheesh, what's up with this Pokémon.
Yah!
It seems like it's getting used to both Pikachu and you being around.
Peli-peli!
What?! You mean...THAT Mewtwo?! The one whose cells they used to make R?
Mach!
Hold on a minute, Tim. Let's check things a bit more carefully.
Spin! Spin!
They seem really happy when they see you, and they give you treats and stuff?
Peli-peli!
About Harry
They said something about treats, so maybe it's a kid?
About the containers
Hyah!
Hmm, it's a lot bigger than I thought it was...
Pan?
Spin!
Anything about the goods handled in this area in general would also be very helpful.
Oh, so there's something tasty on the first floor, so you snuck in to get some?
Probably.
About the work
Time out!
In order to make it extremely aggressive. Seems like it was some sort of experiment to create a powerful Pokémon.
By storing R in a durable capsule device, my hope is to improve its portability while reducing the risk of damage.
This also seems like a good spot. Go on, Tim! Take a look!
What do you mean?
I see. Thank you very much for the info.
It's too bad we can't tell where this is.
What are you doing, Tim?! Trying to get us caught? That's the stairway to the first floor! We need to scope out the area first by looking down from this floor.
You did it! That's the last one.
What? Bitter?! Coffee is practically a detective's trademark!
Your job is to move the containers off the ship, huh. Oh, it's good training?
We've got to stop Keith's plan! Let's let Mr. Baker and Inspector Holiday know immediately! Still... No evidence on where Dad might be.
What's up?
I'll be fine. Don't worry. Be super careful. Good luck to you both!
That must be the door the workers were talking about.
Do you know anything about the containers this guy deals with?
*grunt* *sigh*
Are you ready, Tim? Let's head over to Baker's place. They should be done with their analysis of the locket.
Yeah, that's the spirit!
Is that stuff from the warehouse?
Oh, it's right above this room. Info on R should be there, too. It's probably locked, but you can get it open with this key.
Looks like Carlos is the author. It must be from before we went to PCL. Let's see what it says.
Yeah. Seems like they're moving it out.
It's just such a huge place. Each of the areas deals with different goods, too. I think areas A and B dealt with machinery, mostly...
The "R Experimentation Report."
That worked out just fine. Now, let's use the thread to get down.
About the work
He was the director of PCL when I first joined. Eventually, he started to let me help out with his own research. Even the explosion at PCL is half my fault, but the professor took full responsibility and left...
In a place like this?
Huh? You need to find this warehouse 'cause you're looking for someone? Huh... Sorry, the photo doesn't really tell me much. There are so many warehouses around here.
*grunt*
No kidding.
Thank you very much!
Yes.
Accel!
OK.
Don't think I've seen any of these people before. Sorry to not be more help.
About the creation of R
Are you ready? We're counting on you!
About its thread
Pokémon cry (If you say so...)
Oh, sorry. Thanks for the advice.
Pokémon cry (We got this!) *grunt*
Hey, don't mention it! Y'know, I bet the Machamp would know more about him than I do. They were staring at him awhile, last time he dropped by. Must be his muscles.
Get pulled up to the floor above
Tim, did you hear that?
It seems like a photo isn't enough to get a lead...
That's right.
He's forcing Simon to make something? They said something about "cells"?
Yeah, counting on you!
Got it. Sounds like something we shouldn't be messing with, anyway.
Pokémon cry (All right.)
Macho.
Right, but how should we get down to the first floor?
Thank you very much! But are you sure this is wise? If they find out you're helping me—
Oh, no. Thanks for having a look.
And all their arms, too.
We should take one to Spinarak.
Spin?
Oh, I know a bit about that! They're sorted by color. The blue containers have...uh... Y'know, I can't remember. Let me check with the guys on the ship. Hey, Pelipper!
Is your partner the guy in this photo?
About the containers
This must be inspection. It looks like they're checking for defects before replacing things.
That's horrible...
Spin?!
*grunt grunt grunt*
Yep. That's where the researcher is.
About the containers
This isn't a movie, you know.
I see...
Yeah, he mentioned a scientist! That must be the man in the lab coat.
Looks like they're finally done talking.
You found a clue in the locket? That's amazing!
Oh, I see... Are there really that many warehouses around the wharf?
All right! Let's get out of here.
So you're trying out new approaches like I said? What's your new method?
We should go to the chemical storage room on the second floor. Let's get Spinarak's help.
You know, I've seen this building before... This is Ryme Wharf.
The workers are here.
Sorry, Simon—is it all right if we take one?
And it seems like there are a lot of defects.
*grunt grunt grunt*
Peli-peli.
Yes
Pikachu. What are you doing?
They must mean Mewtwo's cells... Huh? But wait, in that case...
What's up, Tim?
There's a man by the entrance.
You're trying to get into the ship by climbing the rope, but you always get bounced back near the end?
What? How do you know about these? Who are you?!
All right, ask me anything!
I wonder what those machines are for? Are they both the same thing? Could they be machines that make R?
I didn't see any way to get down to the first floor.
Right. And he's in that room.
Yeah, I agree.
Thanks. We should get going.
Not for free? You want a treat in exchange? Well, aren't you opportunistic...
The container the man's dealing with in the photo? Doesn't ring any bells...
Rattata!
Hey, listen up for a sec.
What in the world did you promise Mewtwo, then?
That's the man in the photo.
Is he one of the workers at the warehouse? Looks like he's giving orders to the Pokémon.
About the chemical storage area
*scream*
How 'bout that, Tim? Now we can get into the storage area.
Spiiin!
*scream* Oof! *groan*
Spin...
Champ.
So Spinarak managed to sneak in, too.
Well, that's no good. It's supposed to be herehelping us out!
About R's properties
First, let's figure out exactly what it is they plan to do. Let's read what it says.
*scream* *grunt*
You all right, Pikachu?
No, I'm not all right... *moan*
Hey! They're talking about something!
Looks like they're getting back to work.
Oho! You've got an idea, then?
We've gotta get in somehow.
Go on. Get in!
Man, they look unmotivated. Even the Pokémon here look more energetic.
Champ!
Harry used to use that.
Pokémon cry (Hup-two-three-four!)
Chemical storage should be right above the room Simon's in.
Oh, then the security guards must have been talking about Pansage earlier!
*sniff* Aaaack!*groan*
It says it's a carrier. It takes letters in its mouth and delivers them to the ship.
I know we heard it from Waals, too, but I still think this whole thing is ironic. They wanted to make a perfect medicine but instead ended up with that awful substance.
I wanted to follow him, but he wouldn't let me.
See the other photos
Today is my first day, sir!
Accel!
Let's hope we don't have to tangle with him head on!
Just giving Accelgor a lesson in detective etiquette.
I get hungry when I use my brain!
Accel!
If you know anything about the goods around here in general, could you please tell us?
All the way up there...? Seems like a lot of work!
We'll go check it out. The culprits could still be there. Maybe using it as a hideout!
Accel!
What's wrong, Pikachu?
Don't worry about that. If anything happens to me, the production of R will stop completely, so they can't really do much. Just be careful you're not caught!
Thank you very much for everything. It was a huge help!
So Keith does come here. And I wonder if that man we saw is the factory manager?
I see. The increase in security's made it difficult for you to grab a snack, huh.
Photo inside the warehouse
If you fail, you'll try a different rope?
R is dispersed by popping the balloon. The dispersal radius is approximately three feet, which is sufficient for most needs.
...
Are you a Pokémon that works here? We have a few questions for you.
You wouldn't forget a person with such wonderful muscles? Well, what kind of luggage did he have you carry?
Let's look for that area in the photo.
Let's go meet Baker.
Additionally, I plan to incorporate a device that allows the two separated liquids to be mixed whenever the user chooses. In other words, the capsule device will allow a user to disperse the mixed R automatically, with no restrictions on place or time.
Huh? Why do we only have one photo? What happened to the rest of them?
Oh, sorry! I was spacing out there.
He doesn't seem to enjoy his research since he came here? You're allowed to come and go as you please, but he hasn't been outside in months? How's that possible?
Are you sure there's nothing you've missed in the "R Export Plan"?
Champ.
He definitely looks like he's in charge here. Does he just stand there and keep an eye on the workers all day? Man, this is one place I never want to work in.
Hmmm... Oh! Check that out!
Yeah... I bet even Mewtwo doesn't want its cells used like that...
Oh, I kept the photo of the warehouse, but Accelgor's holding on to the rest.
Pan! Pan!
So this recombined gene is the Berserk Gene.
All right, keep it moving!
Champ!
Hmm... Well, I do see Rattata sniffing at the containers that are lying around. I wonder what that's all about?
This must be the second floor.
Pan!
Well, you see...I promised to recover the Berserk Gene and capture the mastermind of the whole R case!
Whoa! Stop! Hold on a sec! *scream*
Right...
Spin! Spin!
*grunt* Whew.
Yep. But more importantly, I hope you're taking notes! Quickly, before you forget!
I'm sure it'll help you out. It's a very clever Pokémon, if I do say so!
I noticed that door behind me. What's going on in that room? Everyone seems to be avoiding it...
Accelgor! Of course! Yeah, you're part of the team, too!
Accelgor is quite dependable. If you run into any trouble, send it back, and I'll get help.
Spin! Spin!
Hmmm...
Hey, Tim, listen to me.
Hmmm... Oh no! The factory manager!
Look, a ladder! We'd be able to get down to the first floor from anywhere if we had it.
Pokémon cry (You're almost there.)
Sitting right in front of Baker? Doesn't seem like a relaxing location...
Huh? I wonder what that is?
Well, yeah. It's called the warehouse area for a reason. Oh, I know! Take a look at this.
Whatever the reason, I'm glad. Accelgor is a really nice Pokémon!
Yeah, I'm impressed it doesn't just swallow the letters.
Well, sure, but...I can't imagine why you'd want one.
Well, it seems like he was able to find a nice, quiet place to settle down in.
Good. Mr. Norman wants us to keep the security here extremely tight. Don't even let a Rattata through!
All right, let's stay sharp!
About the warehouse in the photo
A map? Thank you!
Really? What's it for, anyway?
*grunt*
Huh? You want your treat as a reward?
About Simon
And you were hanging down to scope things out...
Let's find somewhere we can look down on the first floor and get its layout. I'd say there are three spots we can use.
We're working this case. Don't worry—we're on your side!
That's right. And because that gene was what we used, R became what it is now.
Rattata!
Pokémon cry (Aye aye, sir.)
Of course.
Pikachu? What's wrong?
Hey, a fire alarm. I bet things would get interesting if we set it off.
Now let's investigate the second floor. That area with all the boxes is suspicious.
Champ!
There still exists a need to gather more experimental data and improve R. Currently, R has two major drawbacks: its effects are temporary, and it is impossible to communicate with a Pokémon under the influence of R.
Pokémon cry (Hup-two-three-four!)
Oh, a newcomer pressed it by accident a while back and immediately got fired. All the products were sent back to the room next to this one and made a complete mess. We were able to get up and running in a few hours, but man, the manager blew his top—yelling about how we didn't need even more work to do.
OK, see how your superiors do their work first. Learn from them.
Peli-peli.
Of course.
He was speaking to one of the Machamp youwork with? Thanks for the info.
What are you doing?
Spin!
Hmm, well, I hope it doesn't go AWOL when we really need it...
This guy doesn't have anything.
Anyway. We should probably start gathering testimony.
There's something bugging me about this room... Let me have a closer look.
Let's hear what Pansage has to say.
Yeah, that locket we gave them yesterday... I wonder what kinds of secrets it held?
On my side?
Now!
It's a warehouse. Could be their hideout.
Wow! What a huge ship!
Example of gas-form properties
My plan is to continue research on R in order to develop a new version that will allow the power-enhancing effects to last an extended period of time, while also allowing the Pokémon's partner to communicate with it.
That letter was all slimy with drool... Is this how they always communicate?
Pan!
Pan!
Champ.
What're you running around for?
Ooof!
You mean the window? It's open, but... how're we going to get to it?
Oh yeah? Ya wanna fight?
Got it. Thank you!
We were told there are only two people in this world who could incubate Mewtwo's cells: Dr. Waals himself and his lab assistant. So that must mean Pansage's partner is—
There's some kind of decoration or something on the rope. That must get in the way.
Spin!
About Accelgor
Yes, sir! But, uh... Why does the manager keep looking this way...?
Good question. We do have just one little problem...
It's the wharf at the western port of the city. Goods from all over the world are gathered there.
He must be. And they said they're incubating?
Photo of a man in a lab coat
Neither did I. Although we did get some interesting information.
Hey, I know this blond guy!
Pan!!
Uh, yeah... That's...good. Hang in there. You'll succeed eventually if you don't give up.
Oh, and one more thing! R that's in storage gets shipped out once we have enough. Depending on the timing, the storage could be empty.
Hurry up with the treat? I promise we're working on it! We'll get it to you, so be patient.
Oh brother. I hope he doesn't start with that whole "it's too dangerous" spiel.
It's not like we can go get it, though. Let's try and figure out some other way.
Let's head to Ryme Wharf.
Hold it, pal! Hey now, who are you?!
No, we don't mean the letters you carry. If you don't know, that's cool.
Accel!
That's good to hear... I had been worried about him ever since the accident.
It looks like the containers in Wallace's lab.
About Ryme Wharf
There you go again with your crazy ideas... It would be chaos.
Why can't we get down to the first floor?
No kidding... Mewtwo, huh... Every time I hear that name, it makes me uneasy, somehow.
Yeah, the first floor is some kind of workshop, and looks like the second floor is storage.
R is created using Mewtwo's cells, right? Dr. Waals told us there was some mistake, and they were used instead of Mew's cells.
What do you mean, be more serious?! I'm always serious!
Yeah, not even a Rattata is getting past us!
About the production of R
Oh, you can have it. Have a look here. The three areas around the wharf are all full of warehouses.
I'll let ya get back to work.
Good! Still, let's keep our eyes open.
If we do, you'll save us? Gee... Thanks... I feel so much better now...
A power board?
Let's get all this stuff out of the way and investigate the chemical storage room. Let me know if you want to replace all theboxes back in their original locations.
You want to get down to the first floor, huh. Well, that's something we've got in common.
What?! How are we supposed to gather testimony, then? Hmm... Well, I guess weneed to find Accelgor first, then.
No, sir, I don't!
If it's only three areas, I think we can cover them all. How many warehouses are there in total?
*grunt* *scream*
About the sales routes
Uh...
Pikachu! If you keep talking, the workers will see you!
That's been happening a lot since we got here. I hope your memory comes back soon.
Shh! He might hear you. Just get used to it!
We'll have a look, anyway. You said this was the last shipment, right? Where is it being shipped to?
We should ask Spinarak what it can do.
Let's use this truck as cover and sneak in.
Rattata!
Who knows? Let's hope it had some clue for us. Let's get going!
Yeah. We need to find this building and see what it's hiding.
About the lab coat
Now!
What? You want to get on the ship? You mean that container ship there?
*scream* *sigh* That same dream again...
For that, we need to gather testimony!
About the man wearing the lab coat
Let's find Accelgor so we can check those photos. It'll be somewhere away from people, like at the edge of the containers.
Accelgor's speed will definitely be a huge help. Let's figure out a way to get down there!
Who knows...
It is high, but we can deal with that. That's not the real reason, right?
That's strange... Well, thank you.
What exactly is this treat you keep going on about?
About the large-scale factory
Accel.
Fletch!
Hmm... I'd say about 100.
Yeah, he must be a supervisor or something.
Photo of vials and a case
Uh-oh! Not good! *grunt*
Hey, you all right?
All right, let's head to Ryme Wharf.
That explains all the warehouses.
Open this door! *grunt*
It's heavily guarded
Come on—you're kidding, right? There's got to be a way.
Looks like things are being carried into the warehouse by the conveyor belt.
What's wrong, Pikachu? You've gone awfully quiet.
I swear, that Accelgor... Well, I hope you know why we're here!
The second floor is too high
*grunt* What should we do? He's gonna get us, Pikachu!
The best way to utilize R in its liquid form is to inject it into food.
Yes, sir!
That's the word for growing more cells of something, right? The only thing like that related to R is—
Example of liquid-form properties
See the other photos
About the warehouse areas
Yeah. We should be able to switch off all the power to the warehouse from there.
I don't know about that, but we may find some clue about Harry. Let's ask Simon to see if we can get into the storage area.
It smelled really bad?
Yo, Doctor! Hope all is going well! It is almost time, you know?
*grunt* Whew... Wow, that was hard. You know...you did a good job!
Hey, it's me! Pull me up!
Huh? Wallace? Oh, I see his name come up in some publications. He's one of the top researchers in his field!
Spin!
Could you tell us more about him?
Huh?! Hey, Pikachu, don't lean out so much! It's dangerous!
Well, I think we're getting a good idea of what to do next... We need to get to Simon's room.
That sounds...terrifying. I'll be careful.
Why did we come to Ryme Wharf?
All right! Take Accelgor with you!
That's right. We made a mistake. Mew is a very rare Pokémon, after all... Dr. Waals looked everywhere he could to get ahold of its cells, and he must have been tricked by someone. Not everyone can be trusted, unfortunately.
Gotcha. Hang in there!
Metang are carrying out the containers.
I wonder if those are the man's containers.
I've never been there, but it seems like there's always a lot of ships coming and going.
Ah, yes. Thanks for joining. I'd like to explain what we do at this factory first.
That's horrible...
Pokémon cry (It's do-able!)
I don't know. Just...looking at this gave me the feeling that I have something important to do...
We've still got more things to check! Let's keep investigating.
No
Yes
Looks like you're having trouble. If you feel like you need to give up, just talk to me, and I'll help you out.
Seems we're trapped like a Rattata in a cage.
Whew!
They're certainly hardworking. I hope it's not R they're shipping out.
Pokémon cry (I know.)
That many?!
Now, let's investigate the chemical storage area!
Spin!
I agree. Let's find out more about the warehouse district itself, first.
Pokémon cry (Gathering testimony?! I'll leave that to you two!)
Oh, you want to look around a bit more?
Good! Now we need to jump over there.
Let's use your Case Notes to make a plan.
Peli-peli!
It's probably here for the parade today.
Yes
We did it! *grunt*
So the factory manager took charge of getting things back in order.
Yes, sir! I'd love to hear it.
Rattata!
No
I wonder what's in it?
Says it's doable.
It smells delicious? Good for you.
Yeah.
He drops by pretty often to load up the goods.
Huh? Do you still need something here?
A long time ago, they worked together?
I know you're in there! Open up! *grunt*
You sure sniff around the containers a lot. Something about them interests you?
Is this guy a scientist? I had thought Carlos was the only one working with R, but I guess they had other help, too.
*grunt* Open this door! *grunt*
The biggest problem we face is that R can only be produced using the machine under PCL. We must purchase a new production facility and establish a stable manufacturing system as soon as possible.
That, I don't know. But I've got an idea about how we can find out. I'll start preparing for that, so just leave it to me.
No
Spin!
That's what I thought. What's Simon doing here, anyway?
I'm curious about the stuff on the desk. The back shelf might also be worth checking.
Exactly, the chemical storage area! That's where Harry got R.
R's effects are amplified when the two types of liquid, red and green, are mixed together.
Spin! Spin!
It seems to like you, Tim. It took me over a month to become friendly with it.
It's in the boxes Machamp carry? It smells really good?
Metang sorted it all out. Let me have another try!
Yeah. The manager doesn't want even a Rattata getting inside.
Pikachu, they're still talking!
And that's exactly what we want! Go, Accelgor!
Sorry to have surprised you. We actually got the info from Waals.
Pokémon cry (You can count on me!)
You want to know if I recognize these people?
We will, Mr. Baker. Accelgor, thank you!
Yeah, you're never going to get in if you just keep trying the same approach.
Accel!
What's that? It went dashing out at an amazing speed?
Hmm, that's not good. They seem like they're on high alert.
We completed the purchase of the location a few days ago. The warehouse at Ryme Wharf will be our first step in establishing a stable base of operations.
Fletch.
No, wait! Accelgor! He was joking! Wait!
Dr. Waals? You mean the same Waals who was the first director of PCL?
Pokémon cry (Bring it on!)
Pokémon cry (Yeah...)
About the work
That's terrible... But wasn't there some talk of your being freed soon?
Hup!
Seems like a nice Pokémon.
This must be the switch for the conveyor belt.
This warehouse is a factory? Well, we could do with an explanation, too. Let's hear what he's got to say!
Yes. If you know even one of them...
Is this the machine they said was carried from the wharf?
About the factory manager
About the chemical storage area
What?! You didn't even do a bit of research?! We make health food! I'm sure you've seen the commercials. Y'know, "So smelly, you know it's good for you!"
I knew it!
Pan! Pan!
Rattata!
Aw, come on! I was the one doing all ofthe work!
Yeah, pull us up. Thanks!
Oh, come on! I wanna see what it is!
Oh, sorry, sorry! Spinarak, how about we go somewhere less obvious? Can you get to the floor above?
*grunt*
I wonder who he is... Looks like he was speaking with Keith.
We sure found out a lot!
Yeah, don't rush it. Just think carefully. You can do it!
About Waals
It's what they use to switch the direction it moves in.
Nice try, you punk! You're not getting away that easily!
Maybe it's because I'm with Pikachu.
I think we're on the same page there. It's got to be Mewtwo's cells. Whoever's incubating them is in the room in the back. Oh! They've got more to say!
Champ...
Oh, that room... Between you and me, there's a scientist in there.
Yeah... Hm, maybe it's time we changed our thinking. If we can't get to the first floor, maybe we should explore this floor a bit more.
Are ya ready? You gotta open up the door just as he tries to smash into it.
I think I'll keep going.
Yes, sir!
Oh yeah! I know! That awful...uh, I mean, that commercial with Max and Chatot...
Whew. This is harder than I thought... When did you get this heavy, Pikachu?
Pan!
Some kind of new product research?
Huh?!
What? You don't care if you have to stay, so long as Simon can go free?
It's waiting for us at the parking lot? Yeesh. I'm glad it's eager to get going, but I do wish it'd calm down a bit...
It really is a dedicated Pokémon...
Uurgh... Ooof...
What's up, Tim?
Yeah, apparently the factory will be moving soon. All I need to do is assist them until then. Not that I believe they'll really let me go, though. Even if they are telling the truth, R is not something that should exist in this world. I'm happy to help you out.
I think we've seen all there is to see here. If we linger too long, we'll get caught.
I'm stuck
Don't worry, Pansage. We'll figure something out.
I thought I was gonna have a heart attack!
How can we get down without being caught?
In fact, the easiest way to gain the effects of R is to inject the red and green liquids separately into food. R's effects will be amplified for any Pokémon that consumes the food.
Sorry, we haven't found it yet. I promise we'll bring it next time, you'll see!
I give up
So it's not just R they make here.
Hey, you! It's dangerous around here! We're loading the containers right now. Try not to get in our way, OK?
We need to take a good look at those photos Accelgor has for our investigation. Can you show me the photo of Keith and theblond guy?
A tough-looking guy is always watching? It means the factory manager, I guess. Hmm...
Do you know anything about it?
Oh, so there are lots of tasty things on board...
It's the Detective Journal. I didn't realize there was such a journal.
Nothing
To investigate the accident at Fine Park
We can do it, Tim. Together!
I regret it to this day. That's how we ended up creating the terrible substance known as R.
*scream*
Who knows? The only thing the manager's told us is to steer clear at all costs.
What's up?
Yeah, Carlos had given Keith his research data, right? It wouldn't be surprising if Keith had shared that data with this guy.
Hup! Yah! Just a bit more!
Dr. Waals told us that the effects of R were likely caused by Mewtwo's Berserk Gene.
The product being shipped today— guys from the organization will take it, so that should get you right totheir headquarters.
There are stairs here, but...if we go down there, they'll see us.
About the containers
Yeah. Each area has at least 30 warehouses.
We've got everything we need now. Let's head back to Simon.
Do you know where he comes from?
So... Did you mean it when you said you were on my side? And how did you know about the cells?
Let's get every bit of information we can from them.
Huh?
That's the spirit! Give it your best shot!
Woo! We did it, Tim! Come on—let's check out the storage area!
You can say that again. Make sure you've got it all written down so we don't forget.
Yeah, it's not clear if they were just unloaded or are about to be loaded onto the ship, but it looks like he's definitely at Ryme Wharf.
Huh?
All right! Let's head over to Baker's office.
What am I doing? I'm waiting for the notice to come in. See, I'm in charge of communication between the container ships and dock crew, so once we've got the goods ready, I send the notice to the ship staff!
Now we must find a wealthy patron who is comfortable keeping secrets. I'm currently in the process of using my underground connections to establish contacts among upper-class citizens.
A map of Ryme City. I think this is where Ryme Wharf is.
About the capsule form
Got it! *grunt*
Hmm... Quite the elaborate camouflage. So the stinky container was health food, huh? I don't care how good it is for you, I still don't get why they're making something so smelly and awful.
Pikachu! Look at the date!
Pan.
You don't work? You only have fun? Oh, I get it. You work as a carrier.
Did you hear that?! Keith Norman! So, this must be— 
About the warehouse in the photo
Oh, you've never been in there, huh.
Did you make a mistake? Just leave the stuff as it is; the Pokémon here will return everything back to where it was.
We should gather testimony about the warehouse and the guy in the photo.
First thing is to scout the area. Since it seems like we're the only ones on this floor, it's a good chance to scope out the first floor. But be careful, OK? Don't get caught.
Check the time on this one! It's 10 hours before Dad had his accident!
Accel!
Yeah, you're right!
Pan?
Spin!
This is my dad in this photo. Have you seen him? It seems like he infiltrated this place about two months ago.
It's more useful than you'd think. They have a special editorial every month, and they discuss everything from how to trail a suspect to how to disarm a bomb!
To find out where Harry went
Yeah. The security guards aren't slacking off.
Accel...?
I dunno—this looks more like a tank than a machine to me.
*scream*
Right, let's use Spinarak's string to head down to the first floor.
I dunno...
It's our only clue. We've gotta take this chance!
Champ!
Look, a microscope.
Pokémon cry (Thanks for the help.)
All right, I'm a man of my word. Here you go!
Here we are.
Pokémon cry (Don't mention it!)
Now that's a true luxury liner! I'll bet the food is really good, too. Not to mention the coffee afterward...
Yeah...their base of operations. Now let's have a real good look around.
Of course we did! With teamwork, we can make the impossible possible!
People and Pokémon from all over the world come to Ryme City.
He seemed to enjoy his work back then, huh... Don't worry, Pansage. We'll find out the secret of this factory and make sure you guys can go free!
Oh? The blue container has a really strong smell? So you're checking the other containers to see if any of them smell, too? Does it smell that good?!
Is this inside their hideout? But what could have happened? Is this when he was found out by Keith...?
Spin!
Pikachu, what's up? It's way too early...
*huff huff*
Yeah, let's go! Huh...?
Hey, are you taking a break, too? Not a lot to do until the next ship comes in, eh.
You think this'll stop me?! *grunt grunt*
And it makes everyone happy? Well, that's good to hear.
Come on! Pick up the pace!
In my dream, I was pleading with Mewtwo to save Harry.
I wonder if that's where he got the photo of R, too. You were in the photo, too, weren't you?
Thanks for the help earlier. We were able to make our way here.
Let's listen in on what they're saying.
About the people in the photo
Of course, no problems...
There are still some things we need to investigate, right? Take a good look around.
Spin! Spiiin!
Waals's former assistant!
About the warehouse areas
See, if you don't succeed the first time, you need to stop and think about why, and then change how you go about it. If you keep that up, eventually you'll succeed. Got it?
So is Simon being forced to continue his research?
Now!
Excuse me, could you tell us where the chemical storage is? We'd like to have a look.
It's the day Harry had his accident!
We'd better keep our distance. Huh? They're still talking.
Please don't tell me you're thinking of sneaking in there as well, Pikachu...
Once we manage to get those contacts, we should be able to use that network to reach out and expand our sales.
Whew... I'm glad you listened.
What?! All right... *groan*
Could you not just disappear all of a sudden? We're a team, right? Now, let's see what clues we can find in those photos.
Those are pretty small boxes. I wonder what's in them?
About the containers
Got it. I'll be extra quiet.
My guess is it offered to help me if I was able to help it out first.
All right, then. Please take this to Mr. Baker.
This is me, right?
Does it mean the food they make here? We were told it smells really bad...
Hey there! I take it you work here, too.
Each area handles slightly different goods. I think areas A and C dealt with food.
Let's go listen to them.
Huh? What's all this?
You're too busy with your own containers and don't notice anything else? Right... Oh, but what kind of containers do you carry?
Do you just hang around like that all the time? Your thread must be really strong.
Let's see those photos.
Take this!
I'd guess either area A or area B.
Wait! Someone's coming!
Huh? Are they still talking?
If there's anything you know about this place, we'd love to have the info.
*scream*
Rattata rattata!
You'll leave that to us? Don't worry—that was the plan to begin with.
Next page
About the factory
Could you fly over there with this letter?
I bet there are a lot of tasty treats there, too.
Rush right in
The chemical storage area should be just ahead. It's right above Simon's room.
Are we going to be able to escape after going there? Yeah, it seems like they keep an eye on it, but we'll figure something out.
Accel!
Looks like a 15-minute drive or so.
I bet it is some kind of new product! I'd love to know more about it, sir! I'd be happy to take part in experiments, even!
Huh, so that's what Mewtwo's cells look like.
We've checked everything we can see from here.
Spin!
Pan!
Champ!
Champ!
So what do we do now?
Oh, it's not like that? It's really strong, but it grows on you, huh?
Uh-oh...
Pokémon cry (That stuff's just bitter.)
*grunt*
Stay hidden, and keep moving.
I think we should wrap our investigation of this area. Otherwise, we might get caught.
Wagh! What the—?! It was your thread that was bothering me!
I bet it's a great place to hide R.
So he had a little trick in his locket, huh. That's Harry for you!
Get help from the Pokémon
We'd be here for days if we wanted to check all of them...
May I ask one question?
Whew... Well, we managed to get in.
You remember—it's my partner. I'm not gonna tell you to stop investigating, Tim. But since you were attacked at the TV station, it's the very least I can do.
Hey, do you know what's going on in the room in the back?
Tim, wasn't this guy really shy before? Hope it's not a problem.
We'll be on our way.
This way, Pikachu!
About the containers
Your notes on their plans! Great idea, Tim!
You enjoy every minute of it, eh?
Pokémon cry (I'm home!) Pokémon cry (You've got some visitors, boss.)
Oh, guess they told you to stay away from that place, too, huh? Don't tell anyone I told you, but...they're incubating something.
A lab coat?
Accel!
Hmm... Hey, I think I've seen this pair somewhere!
Macho.
I saw you had a lab coat in that basket. Do you know anything about the scientist?
They're still chatting away.
Oh... You're back!
Who would've thought the locket was a camera?! But here they are— the pictures we developed from it!
Hey...maybe you can let us know what's going on?
Do you want to start over?
Really? Please, tell us anything you remember!
Let's ask around about the warehouse areaand the containers.
Pan! Pan!
All his clothes look the same.
Oh, he's your partner?
To investigate the warehouses
...And that's what you'll be doing. Got it?
Pokémon cry (Are you OK?)
And you know what this tells me? Harry almost had it figured out.
Look at all these boxes. I wonder what they're for?
We've gathered quite a bit of testimony about the containers the man deals with. Let's think things through using your Case Notes.
Advertisement flyers for this office, plus letters of thanks and whatnot.
He just likes that design.
Yeah. Now, let's have a look around. Quietly, though!
To go on a cruise on a luxury ship
All right! Let's do this!
Ugh, fine. I'll give you a hand! First thing is to move that box!
Is it a memory of when you came with Dad?
Knock them out? That's our last resort.
We need more info on the warehouse area. I bet the workers here could tell us something.
Talk about top-secret documents! Keith is trying to develop R into an even more dangerous substance. But now we know exactly what his plans are!
Yeah. I bet it'll come out if we go to an area with fewer people.
Pokémon cry (What happened?)
I can't say that I have, sorry... Although two months ago is when the factory manager got very upset, saying R was stolen from the chemical storage area.
Hmm... It really does look more like a factory than a warehouse, doesn't it.
Pokémon cry (Yeah, yeah.)
Well, so far, so good.
Carlos should be close to completing his analysis of R.
But we can't get through all this.
So you were curious about that ship, too, huh. Still, it has nothing to do with today's investigation.
Yeah... *scream* Tim, close the door now!
Photo of a man standing at the wharf
What do you mean?
I don't think we've asked the guy working with the Machamp about the containers.
Pan! Pan!
There's a date here.
Right.
Pikachu, if we're not quiet, they'll find us!
*sigh* Tell me about it! *grunt* I'm so sorry to wake you. But I think I'm forgetting something—a promise.
Well, Tim, it sounds like the man in the photo with Keith has something to do with the warehouse, after all.
What exactly is this Berserk Gene, though?
What's up?
The scientist was in the room at the back rightof the factory. C'mon, let's go.
Well, apparently not!
Right.
Pokémon cry (Ow!) 
A photo of Mr. Baker's family.
Looks like this is the only way in or out.
In order to explain that, I'll need to tell you more about the Pokémon Mewtwo. It's said that Mewtwo was created by recombining Mew's genes.
Yeah, I wonder who he could be? We were told he comes here often to load up the containers.
It definitely seems that way, yeah.
That's right.
Of course not! I may like good snacks, but not enough to become a stowaway!
*groan*
*grunt* Yeaaaah... We can do this, partner! I'm the brains, and you are the brawn, right?
Yeah. I guess they have it open in order to ship stuff out.
Looks like they get along well.
About the containers
*scream* *grunt*
We're counting on you, Accelgor!
Yes?
Now's our chance!
Give up and go home
So Dad came here before the accident. Maybe you were with him...
No, it's not any kind of resort. We need to handle things quietly.
You say you're looking for this warehouse? Sorry, can't help you there... All the warehouses in this area look pretty much the same.
Yeah, you're looking for a warehouse, right? As I said, you're gonna need more than this, though.
Pokémon cry (You got it!)
You're bored 'cause the ship hasn't arrived? You want to get to work, huh.
Pan! Pan!
That must have been my dad!
Pikachu! Look at that guy!
Let's figure out which warehouse is their base! Open up your Case Notes!
Oh, you got too excited and accidentally dropped the container, huh. And its contents went everywhere? Made the whole area stink, and you got scolded by the guy, too, huh...
Must be one of Keith's men. Let's see if we can find out more about him, too.
Rattata!
You're curious about what's in this box?
Huuuuh?!!
Let's go talk to Simon.
*laugh*
How rude! This should be easy... Movies always have scenes like this.
Forget it! Trust me—you don't want to be heard talking about this. You could get me fired, too.
Well... I guess we don't have much of a choice,do we? Come on, Accelgor... I'll teach you the basics of detective work. 
Peli-peli!
Pan!
I guess we don't have a choice. Come on, Tim. Let's get all this luggage out of the way. We need to make a path to the storage area, so think carefully as you move things.
Hm... A week before Harry had his accident.
Fletch?
Pikachu! Let's use that!
Where are you? I'm comin' for you!*grunt*
That's right. If we can figure out what's in the containers he deals with, we might be able to narrow down where the warehouse is.
Mach!
Hold on for one sec until Pelipper comes back.
Metang! Can ya get Tim offa me?! *groan*
Machamp... And it looks like they're closing the lids on the containers.
Yeah. Seems like Baker is keeping busy!
What?
Hmm... There's something that's bugging me...
That's very valuable cargo. Don't damage it!
What is it?
About the container ship
Wait! What's that sound? Tim! Let's go!
Look, those must be guards. What are they talking about?
No, it feels too odd for that...
Tim, take a look at this!
OK! I think we've covered everything.
It looks spick-and-span after a good dusting.
Good idea. Let's give it a try!
If he mentioned the cells to you, then that means he really trusted you... You said you were looking into the incidents?
Macho!
R has different properties, depending on whether it is in its liquid or gas form. This allows it to be used in different ways depending on the situation. Both forms are nearly odorless, and only Pokémon with a very acute sense of smell have any chance of detecting it.
Hey, we already looked into that! We came here based on information we found during that investigation.
Yeah, I think we can wrap up our investigation of this area for now.
Let's check with Simon about the chemical storage room.
Recombining? What do you mean?
Aw, don't look so sad, Doc! This is the last shipment. And once it's done, you're free to go.
This looks like a good place to peek in, too. Be careful not to be seen, Tim!
Yeah...
Pokémon cry (Ugh, it's so heavy.)
It's definitely got a lot of energy.
Looks like it's a Pokémon...
Right, there are three warehouse areas, and there are about 100 warehouses in total.
Welcome back, Pelipper. I see you brought the response with you, too!
I'm gonna get you!
Here they come! Hurry!
Yeah. Very dedicated.
Pokémon cry (Sure thing!)
Sorry to bug you while you're working. We're trying to find out about what this guy deals with.
*grunt* Ow!
Sounds like you had a rough time... I wonder what the contents were?
So the factory manager is scary, but the other workers aren't so bad, huh...
Wah!
Pan!
Why do you think so?
About the new approach
You sure keep things tidy. You're neater than I thought!
What is it? "R Export Plan"?! Pikachu, this is—
Hey now, there's a difference between courage and recklessness. Do you really think we'd stand a chance against the factory manager if he caught us?
Well, yeah... I mean, you're right, but... We came here for something specific. What was that?
Exactly.
The date says this was taken three days before my dad's accident.
That's right. The reason we went to Waals is because we needed to know more about R.
This photo was taken 11 hours before my dad's accident.
Let's see... The date and time on this one is— Hey, it's the day of my dad's accident! It looks like it was taken 12 hours before it happened!
Simon? That's your partner's name? Oh, and his clothes were starting to smell, so you washed them for him, huh.
Look at that!
Champ!
They're square? You don't say...
He is a pretty buff guy.
Peli-peli!
That's right. They've got the place pretty well covered right now. But think of it this way... We only need to deal with the factory manager and the two guards to get through.
Everyone here was frantically trying to find this intruder. Since then, they've really stepped up the security.
Sneaking into their hideout like that... Harry shouldn't have been so reckless. Huh? I was there, too? Blast... I can't remember anything...
Not sure myself. I only overheard Mr. Norman talking to the manager. They said it could only be done by someone they've got here... or something like that. Don't tell anyone, OK?
Photo of a warehouse
It's pretty clear this guy's involved with R, too, since he bothered to take a photo...
Spin! Spin!
Uuuugh... You're done! I'm comin' after you!
About Accelgor
Yeah, I can't remember anything, but... maybe this is where Keith noticed us.
Yeah, you're right... Sorry.
Oh, it's 'cause he always comes from the south. The southern road connects to areas A and B.
We will temporarily use the warehouse at Ryme Wharf as our base, but our ultimate goal is to move the R production machinery overseas and establish a large-scale production facility there.
They're definitely putting their backs into it.
Is there another room over there?
That's strange. Do you think it's a memory of when you came with Dad?
Yeah, I must have been to this factory before. I've been feeling that way ever since we entered this place.
Let's go find this tasty treat Spinarak keeps mentioning. I can smell something in the box next to the desk. That might be what we're looking for.
I think so... Well, to each its own, I guess.
