So these are Mewtwo's cells...
This has all happened in a very shortamount of time. But fortunately, there have been sometraces left behind. Which means we'll needto investigate the scene.
Seems like this package was delivered properly.
I'm feeling a very slight breeze. But where could it be coming from?
Hey, Tim? Huh? What's the deal?
Hmmm... I'm not so sure that'll tell us where Purugly went.
OK! The three parades will be meeting in the central square at 8 p.m. It's making sense now. The culprit must have timed things to happen then! Hurry!
Oh! Is this it?! Oh, no, not the same. This Pidove feather has a lot more gray in it than it does black.
It's important we figure out how the invisible Pokémon committed the crime. Is there...testimony that tells us when it got onto the bridge?
This is Detective Coffee Note #30: beans are harvested at different times all over the world. So that means we get alllll different flavors of coffee year-round. Isn't that good?
Wait! Whattaya think I am—luggage?! Stop!Put me down! *scream*
Tim, come on... Tell me what your first impression of me was.
That vial has got to be somewhere inside this facility!
We need to check the floor below, but there are guards on duty. If we try going down the stairs, we'll be caught right away.
Look at me... I'll bet no other Pikachu can pull off a tie like I do. Heh, yeah... I'm way more refined than any other whippersnapper who tries— *grunt*
A Pikachu
*roar* Double Team! *grunt grunt grunt* *pant pant pant*
Let's go look for Buneary at the Ferris wheel.
Quick Attack! How was that? Did I do it, Tim?
Did you find any more clues aboutthe mysterious Pokémon?
Nina has been busy doing research on how to make medicine with the help of Shuckle. It seems that she's mixing liquid with two different Berries to make the medicine.
Hey, quit it! Go away. Go over there! I don't feel so good...
So, what about the black feather? This is just a theory... Maybe Aipom was climbing the tree and got attacked by the owner ofthe black feather!
Hmmm... *sniff* It still smells pretty good... but the rain must've ruined it.
Yeah! Now it's time for us great detectives to show 'em what we've got!
Tails
Who would've thought that we'd run into Emilia on this ship? Ya know what?That's called destiny!
We've gotta fix the wiring in the control room to get the Ferris wheel to move.
Keith is running off! Let's go after him!
Yes! That's exactly where Drifblim is! Let's tell Noibat and then speak to Drifblim!
Come on now... I'll show you one more time. Now watch carefully!
So this is Wallace's problem, Tim! Right? Make a note!
Here's what we should do. Let's go around the park, and we'll search for who this feather belongs to, right? That will be the first step in our investigation. And when you see Pokémon with feathers, be sure to jot 'em down.
I'm the great Detective Pikachu. I'm using my brilliant mind to trail a suspect. Hmmm... *grunt* Hup!
So it seems Purugly chased away Magnemite and took over its home. Which means Purugly is where?
Come to think of it... Oh! Whoa! This is...this is super spicy!
That's right. And so, from those three accounts...we should be able to figureout which Pokémon is where. And we'll know which Pokémon is in each hole, which will bevery helpful!
So Max was the culprit all along.
Now, let's try and figure out when the violin could have been swapped out. First, when do we know for sure the violin was already a fake?
*groan* Don't get too close to the cameras when filming an action scene.
So we want to make an orange-colored medicine now. How would we do that?
All right. Another theory: it was a Plant Cloak Burmy, and it got all caught up in Aipom's fight, which caused its cloak to break! So here's a question for you.What evidence points to that?
That's right. It seems that someone tampered with Yanma's plan in order to cause the collision. The question is, how did the staff not notice something like that? Why would one Yanma have two movement plans? I don't think this was an accident at all. In fact, I think this is a case for us to solve!
My body's getting stiff, therefore I do aerobics! It helps me relax and clears my head.
Are you really sure that's a clue about the mysterious Pokémon?
He got away this time. Too bad... But you never know—there could be a clue hidden in this locket.
This is where they store machinery.
I know where it is! The only warehouse area that stores food and is accessible from the southern path is area A! OK... Let's head there now.
There's a man in a lab coat in the room up ahead. Let's go see!
Right! So that's that!
A bolt... of no brilliance...
Thank goodness the violins had been swapped. That means the real one is still safe. That's the one good thing about all of this.
Yeah
*groan* I have to get back on that boat? Hey! Any chance I can fly backwith you? *gasp*
If R was the cause, there would have been telltale signs on Charizard. Let's organize all our testimony.
Now, it's time to get moving, huh! So no more dawdling!
This seems pretty thoroughly investigated!
Let's look for materials to make a pickax!
True! By the time I had delivered the violin...it had already been swapped out with the fake one.
Seems like you're having trouble.
Hey, Tim. Listen to me... Did you know that I can use the move Fly?
It seems as though the man in the photo shows up around here a lot. Let's go gather testimony.
So that's what you think, huh? Now we need the reason it became a Trash Cloak Burmy. And did you notice anything strange that happened near the spot wherethe Plant Cloak Burmy were?
OK! Let's get going! Just make sure you keep up!
Let's go gather testimony!
First off, we need to get to the lake. The bridge may be broken, but I'll betcha there's another way!
This is for Carina. I promise we'll get that violin back. Then we'll capture the culprit!
Yeah, that's right. You were involved in an accident that was all set up by Keith.
You know... We need to think about it calmly. Oh, I got it!
Tim, you won the bid! I'm so excited for you!
If we're hoping to solve this... we'll need all the clues gatheredby the police. Let's go have a look.
Detective Tip #12: use those legs while investigating! There's no better way to gather information... while getting a good workout at the same time!
I see...
Here's the map of Ryme City. Draw in the areas where GNN is filming.
We've decided to use these Berries. What about the liquid?
First things first, we have to get Gengar to tell us what it knows.
Blast! Where is that culprit gonna cause the next incident?! Are you ready?We've gotta catch 'em!
That's it! Those are the same traits as the other Pokémon that became aggressive because of R. Which indicates that Charizard was also under the influence of R.
That's nice! Your pickax is complete. With that we can tear down this wall.
Think carefully now. It wasn't an accident that just happened. Oh no... It specifically targeted you.
There's a secret device in the library. Let's go check it out!
This place is really crowded. If R gets released, who knows what'll happen! We need to find it now!
Now...let's connect the wires so that Heliolisk can send a current to the Ferris wheel.
That's it—you're right! Now, let's head to the place withthe Wormadam.
(No lines)
The culprit always leaves some trace at the scene of the crime. Finding it is the first step in solving the case!
A weird Pikachu
If you don't know the color of a Pokémon, you should check in your Case List.
The clock tower's really big. It's a symbol of this town.
What's that? Oh, you must really wanna talk to me! I guess that's all right!
I don't think there's much more to learn. Not from the folks around here anyway.
Let's try and figure out where Purugly might be, based on its characteristics, of course!
Why does Minccino keep looking at me? Is something stuck on me?
※MPIKA_WAZA_002_M1_M1モーションループ
All right... The first issue at hand is who or what could've attacked the Aipom. Whoever did that probably has the necklace, you see? When you investigated the scene, did you happen to find any potential clues to the culprit? 
The atmosphere of the scene can change, depending on how you film it. Decide on what you want... and then tell Yanma!
The trash
All right! Let's start the shoot!
Tell me... Was it a good shoot?
Let's figure out the problem first and then head to the courtyard.
You're really good at this. So good it makes me wanna dance! *hum* Hey, what's wrong? C'mon!Don't stop—I was doing so well.
All right, at least we have the scroll. Now let's figure out how to find the secret path. Find the entrance first!
Detective Tip #24: always smile! Because a scowling face... could be the sign of a small heart!
All right. Manectric... you know what to do, don't you? *gasp* No! Not my hat! *pout* You were supposed to fetch!
We did it! It's orange. But how does it smell?
Tim, be sure you remember what people told us!
Let me instruct you on some detective tips! Ready?
That's it! The invisible Pokémon fell into the pool, and then...it came in with a crew member while it was still wet. Got that? That's why the floor was wet when the crew member left.
Uh...huh
So! Now we know where Magnemite's cage is. Of course—we'll find it in the dressing room!
Come to think of it... Oh! So...sour!
Don't rush to a conclusion!
Oh? So why do you think it's the pink Pokémon?
Out of practice, huh?
Hey, you know what? That really wouldn'tbe so bad either, huh?
Great! Let's go report it!
There's supposed to be more information on R in the chemical warehouse. Let's hurry!
Yes! It was hiding out the whole timein Trevenant's shadow! And so what we saw in the video was its hand! It just reached its hand out from the shadow! Tim, you're a great sleuth! Now we know the mysterious Pokémonis Gengar!
Great! You noticed. Now if there's something that I notice, then I'll give you a sign. Keep your eyes open.
Detective Coffee Note #7: it's this... To keep your hot coffee from going cold...you should always warm up thecup beforehand.
It doesn't look like that's the same shape.
The room we need to get to on the first floor, it's in the back part of the building. So we'll have to decide who's going to distract the guards.
Let's try to figure out which Pokémon matchesup with what here.
Remember, Tim. Staying calm is very important during times like these. Mistakes can happen when you rush.
Yes! So that should move the Ferris wheel. Now, let's go rescue Buneary!
Interesting you'd think that.
Well, unfortunately, I'm afraid that's not going to make a very good pickax. Sorry.
Now we know when the violin was swapped out with the fake one, but we still need to figure out when was the last time the real violin was seen.
Yoo-hoo! I'm the great Detective Pikachu! Tim, go ahead and shout something, too. It's really fun!
I'd say it's probably about 50 feet or more to the exit.
*grunt* *groan*
All right, Tim! Prepare for battle! *laugh*
You need to work on your observation skills! I am Detective Pikachu! Not just any old ordinary Pikachu, if you please!
It looks like the second color is blue... But the statues have lost their color. Which means we'll solve it once we know the color of the original Pokémon.
But in order to cause that accident... Keith needed time to prepare beforehand. So how do you suppose he was able to do that? Is there a clue that could let us know?
(sniffing ad lib)
No way!
Those statues need to be checked!
Huh? I already have a nice hat.
Just once I'd love to use a massive cup likethis one to drink my coffee!
So, let's gather information!
Hmmm... Oh, right! Flamethrower!! *sigh* I thought I'd try fire. Why'd I think that would work?
Let's see... What should we do? Tell me, what would you do?
Looks like they store oil in these warehouses.
A cup of coffee sounds good. Hey, Tim? Could you make some for me?
Gah... It's harder than I thought. But that's OK!
Does the feather call to mind a certain characteristic of the culprit?
Yes
Oh? You selected that, huh?
Make a pickax
Just in case we need that!
It's time to figure out who brought Crawdaunt here. Let's gather testimonyin town.
OK. Got it! Pansage will get the guards' attention... and during that, Accelgor will turn on the conveyor belt. While everyone is busy dealing with all o' that...we'll use Spinarak's string to make our way down to the room! That sounds like a great plan!
*sneeze*
Where did the containers go? Let's follow the trail, Tim!
Ohhh, so you think it's related... If that's the case, it could involve another Pokémon. Which Pokémon do you think it could be?
Everyone thinks the Yanma made a mistake and caused the accident, but is that really true? Let's go see what the Yanma have to say.
Detective Tip #48: a detective can never give up! If you don't give up, things will usually work out!
Detective Tip #1: you must always keep your cool.
We need to look for monuments. The one with two scales is the right one. Let me know as soonas you find it!
Nothing to worry about, Tim. I'll still continue my work as a detective even if I do become a star!
Gengar's partner is the mastermind. We need to find out who that is... I'm thinking one of the researchers possibly. So it's our job then to gorip off their disguise!
Maybe we shouldn't
※MPIKA_COMMON_001_M1モーションループ
We may be able to find the warehouse if we can figure out who the man in the photo is with Keith. Let's investigate!
Wow, this is such a dirty room. But it's full of investigative materials. What's this? Oh yeah...that makes sense.Well, that's Harry for you!
Yes! This package was delivered, just like it says.
 ※モーションループ
I'm sure you know who I am. The great Detective PIKACHU! *grunt* How did you like that?! Pretty awesome, wouldn't you say? *laugh*
You know, maybe you should take a break? Take it from me—you won't get any good ideas if you're tired.
Let's take all the information that we got from Baker, put it together with what we've gathered, and figure out where the culprit plans to disperse R!
One of these areas is where the culprit plans on spreading R. Let's draw in the info about the parade that Baker gave us.
There are three locations where R is hidden in this square. Let's look for 'em!
Yes! So the culprit is... Wait, what's that? All our suspects have alibis?!
You're in charge of interviewing the people. Now, get it done!
You're right! Keith must've been working withsome kinda mastermind! That's how our information was leaked.
That hurt!
Detective Tip #28: you hate the bad deed, not the doer!
Detective Tip #34: keep a close eye on people's behavior! If they're hiding something, you can always tell.
What's wrong? How come you're looking at me like that? *scream* Get offa me, Joltik! You're not getting any electricity out of me!
I can't believe how far I flew in this thing! You can come up with crazy ideas sometimes.
What is that? Tim! Got a water bottle? Thanks! If you made coffee with this water, I bet you it would be outta this world!
No, not at all
Got a second? Tim, you only have one chance. Think it over carefully. First, let's gather some testimony.
Let's first confirm the situation. It's important to look around.
Dig by hand
I would drink something that smells like that! The experiment...is a success!
Yeah, you're right. The room that it's in does get a lot colder! This ghost story sounds a lot like Gengar.
Now why would you think that?
We need better testimony. What we have won't solve this!
Let's go get some statements.
How about charging up?
I get it! Crawdaunt is chasing away anyone who dares to get close to the lake. Obviously, it's being territorial.
Detective Coffee Note #22: instant coffee can be a great seasoning to use when you cook!
Really? Are you sure that's the reason?
Just practice, I guess! All right then! Thank you, Tim!
A Sudowoodo is behind Pikachu, and only makes a movement when Pikachu is looking forward. When Pikachu looks back, Sudowoodo stops moving. Pikachu has a ? mark above his head and looks puzzled. When he turns forward once more, Sudowoodo starts moving again, as if dancing in place.
A Pokémon with feathers
Now when could the culprit have swapped out the violin? Let's try and figure it out!
Whattaya talkin' about?! It's not like you have a special someone to ride with either!
Something not clear? Then you should check your Case List.
Nice moves!
Yes! That's right!
There are three groups in the parade... So let's figure out where they'll be filming... and all the different parade routes!
So... Carina was using the real violin during her performance. She and Kricketune both confirmed it to be true. And that means... the culprit swapped out the violin after Carina finished her performance but before I moved it.
We need some more knowledge about Pokémon. Isn't there a file onPokémon somewhere?
Wow, this is a huge freighter, isn't it? You know, stuff from all over the world gets brought to this port.
We have to solve the mystery of the scroll to get through the pathway. Let's start our investigation!
We need to find this R! I know it's gotta be somewhere in this square.
*flail*
I'm wondering what kind of stuff this man works with... Is there any testimony about that?
Let's find out about the alibis of everyone involved between the time Carina finished playing and I brought out the violin.
All right! Tropius is a green one. That means we take the path with Tropius's statue.
We gotta get to the lake. But how, without using the bridge?
Tim, give it your best! Go!
Maybe now is a good time to get all of the evidence in order?
Tim, look! Look what it just gave me! *chew* This is delicious! *chew* *choke* Tim... *cough* Water! Bring me some water! *choke*
Oh, come on! Ya want me to plug myself into a wall socket? Well, I suppose if you're willing to pay for the electricity, I can give it a try.
You're right! She was the one who got the book. She was super busy counting something! What was it... Now I remember! The umbrellas and yellow deck chairs!
Maybe the Timburr at Timburr Transport know something about the wooden box.
(Checking)
What are you talking about?
*laugh* I can see perfectly now! Let's go gather information.
We've checked all three statues. Tell me, does the scroll mean anything to you?
What's this?! It's pulling me in!
Well...things are a little bit fishy now. There was a note along with the mask. But what did it say? Let's have a look.
We've found out where the warehouse is! Let's go check it out!
You're a busy fella, aren't you?
No... The size is wrong.
You do a pretty good job mimicking me, I'll give you that. But if you don't mind, I'd like to see what you look like...under that cloth.
You think a clue could be the color of its ears? I'm not so sure about that...
So was that it?
Everyone's running around like crazy. Maybe we should help look for Purugly, too. Whattaya say?
That's right! Somehow a drink disappeared! That must have been caused by the invisible Pokémon, too. Heh! I'll bet that anything that Pokémon puts in its mouth becomes invisible. Which means... the mask is in its mouth!
I'm confident we've checked all of the marks. Hmmm... And it appears that Waals is missing one package. We really should look into that!
Come to think of it... Oh!
We should really talk to the Pokémon in the amusement park first.
We've got a pretty good amount of testimony. Shouldn't we sort through it all?
We're out of time! Tim, we need to stop that machine!
I get it now. Shellos's color changes... depending on the water quality, right? When this statue was made, the water quality here must've been different. That's why it was a pink Shellos!
What a terrible smell!
That Keith... He's making preparations to export R!
Hmm...
I'm confident that I can do it now! Thuuuuuunnnnddeeerrrrrr! Whoa! Uhhh...
Let's see if we could make a doughnut mark by fitting the wooden pieces together. I betcha we can!
Let's look for the owner of that black feather. It should be the one that has the necklace.
So it looks like someone at GNN is the culprit. I really hate to be suspicious of them, but ya know, it's a detective's duty.
Perfect. Now we know the original color!
Hey, you guessed it right! It seems that Lady Fortune is with you today!
Don't be ridiculous.
So what does Buneary have to say?
This room is familiar. Hmmm... I'm getting really close to remembering something.
Of course! The colors! One of the pictures that's on the scroll... has a background the same color as a statue. So let's take the path of the statue that has the same color as on the scroll!
That's probably smart. They say, wise men never court danger.
Detective Pikachu
Still two more to go. Don't worry! 'Cause together, we'll find them!
If you think there's another Pikachu as splendid as I am, good luck finding it! *laugh*
What do you think? Which of these pathsshould we take?
A truly great detective will always keep his gear in excellent condition.
It looks like we were correct! The black feather that we found at the scene definitely came from a Murkrow. Quick, let's do an interrogation.
Over there. That was a close one. Hm? What's that? *grunt*
Hey! We've gotta move that Ferris wheel! Hurry to the control room!
There were only three people who knew we were headed over to GNN, and I'm not including Emilia: Ethan, Roger, and then Meiko.
Let's go talk to the Timburr.
C'mon, don't act so nonchalant! You're enjoying this. I know! Don't worry—I understand.
According to the scroll, there are three trials. The question is, which color do we choose? The scroll should have clues for us, so go ahead and check in your Case List.
So, the number of packages delivered does match the records.
Look at all the people here. We can't allow R to get released! Come on!
So here's what I'm thinking. The path with Tropius's statue is the one we want to take.
It looks like there's no show in that room. It's a secret auction where they sell everything, even stolen goods. So now I'm curious if Keith is planning on attending...
Here, Tim, how about you try your luck? Ha! What's it gonna be, heads or tails?
I could never get bored looking at cool machines like this one! Oh... Wow...
Let's solve the mystery of the scroll.
This room is way too dark. Let's give it some light.
Go on, you can tell me how dashing you thinkI am.
The fog was created by Masquerain to protect the other Pokémon, huh? So let's find out what they were protecting everyone from!
(clenching teeth ad lib) (panting ad lib)
I never thought the trail would lead us to a cruise ship! Let's take a look aroundthis place...an' search for R!
Now we know the colors... Which path do you think we should take?
Let's start by gathering testimony.
There's no need to lie. Thanks anyway!
Detective Tip #33: look—seeing and observing are not the same.
Listen up, Tim. Take this opportunity to look for the vial while we're working in here. Be sneaky about it. We can't let anyone see.
We were right! All we had to do was place this sticker in the middle of the  mark...
Tim, check it out! I'm using Surf!*laugh* *scream*
The number of umbrellas...and the chairs... Now that's two different numbers. Can you think of anything related to this?
How could the last color be pink? Did you see a pink Pokémon? We really need to figure this out...
Let's find out more about Purugly before we start looking for it.
That's the wrong one. Sorry about that.
When you hit a snag in the investigation, sort through the information, study your notes, and think about it.
There are three areas with warehouses. But where's the warehouse in the photo? Let's gather information!
A joke, just a joke!
Coffee is a complex topic, Tim. But I'll share what I know with you!
Something not clear? Then you should check your Case List.
It couldn't be a Starly—this has too much white. The feather we found at the scene was jet-black. They do not match.
The Yanma said they moved due to the instructions they got. What does this all mean?
According to the Timburr, they did carry a box with a doughnut mark on it. But I didn't see one—not on the list! Let's go to the lake and double-check!
For some reason, this Crawdaunt thinks the lake is its turf...but it's not a Pokémon that's normally seen around here. So the question is, how did it get to the lake? Are there any clues we can look at?
Let's find out where the Timburr are taking the luggage with the ring mark! Come on!
It looks like Keith will be the next one up! Just remain cool.
What are you panicking about? It's nothing to do with you. It's just me and Emilia.
Maybe someone who has lived on the island awhile might be able to give us somemore info!
Oh, huh! Was that not right?
Detective Coffee Note #29: a blend is when you mix together more than one type of coffee bean. You can invent a whole new flavor!
You're right! If we put the moons in the same order as on the scroll, you'll get full moon, new moon, and half-moon. And their background colors are green, blue, and then pink.
Looks like R was definitely brought into the lounge. Let's search for testimony there!
Detective Tip #5: always be a gentleman to the ladies!
There has to be traces of the Aipom with the necklace somewhere! Let's thoroughly investigate suspicious locations!

Tim, it's my dream come true! All-you-can-drink coffee! *laugh*
All right, this must be the original mark. Doesn't look like a doughnut, though...
Good! Now, two more to go!
I think the mastermind has to be one of those three. Is there any definitive testimony that shows us who it is?
No, nothing here— *struggle* Tim, I need some help here!
What's wrong, Pikachu?
Oh, that's a nice drawing! Very well-done for a first try! So...just like in the diagram you've drawn, the path splits off at a certain point. Let's see... We have testimony that the Aipom split up and fled down different paths. So then...in which direction did the Aipom with the necklace flee?
You've got a good memory, all right. If that's the case, we can pin down the whereabouts of the Aipom with the necklace! And that's all because we've heard somecertain testimony. All right then, which bit of testimony was it?
The Berry
A black Pokémon
Now I see! The Pokémon's types were the key all along. All we need to do now is compare it with the chart. Let's go and enter the passcode.
Great! Let's start the experiment!
We found the second one. Now, just one more to go!
Let's go scope out the first floor... We can take note of the layout.
Tim! We've got to catch this mysterious Pokémon! Having said that...there's an awful lot we stilldon't know.
When we found our victim, it was posedlike this. So let's think about that. OK... It's always important to consider every little thing, but you know that.
Waals was innocent, after all! So now would be a good time to ask him about R!
This is a great spot. Tim, you agree with me, don't you? *sigh*
Now we know almost the exact moment when the violin was swapped. The culprit has to be someone involved with the show.
Seems the testimony and answers, they aren't meshing with one another. Right?
Again with that dream. Why does it reoccur? Maybe it's some memory from my past? *sigh* I wish I knew why!
Hmmm, something seems a little off. Read the scroll carefully, and go from there. Go ahead and check in your Case List.
No
Yeah, I'd figured.
Ta-da! Hiyah! Hey... Don't stand in front of me!Are ya trying to show me up?!
It's good that you're really gettin' into this! Now...film me until I look perfect!
Brrrr, cold! This room is freezing cold!
A detective needs stamina. So I stay in shape... everywhere I go!
Detective Tip #11: investigations require— Whoa! Hey, whattaya mean I'm in the way?! *groan*
Well... Hello there, handsome!Oh wait, it's just me.
If we were amateurs, this is where we'd quit. But of course we're not. You've got the crucial evidence, right? It's those marks that their tails made. Now, do you remember where you sawthose marks?
*sniff* I know that smell! Louise! Oh no...it's only Spritzee.
Detective Tip #45: don't ever let your preconceptions getthe better of you!
I feel like this dance used to be a hit...
Hmmm... This looks just like a stuffed toy. *scream* *groan* I guess looks can be deceiving!

Detective Coffee Note #8: you know, many say to drink coffee while it's hot, but a good coffee is deliciouseven when it's cold!
Wow... The rain's really coming down.
Now we have to find Magnemite? OK... We might as well see this through.
Yes
*sniff* It smells like a Potion. Yeah... and it kinda makes my nose burn a little.
Heads
Carina?! Don't worry—here I come! Why confuse me like that? *sigh*
Begin investigation
One more left! Now let's wrap this up and go get a nice hot cup of coffee!
I think that we could be stuck in here. Looks like there's an opening in the ceiling. But is that a good way to get out?
Accie! C'mon! Over here! I guess not. My brilliant plan failed. *gasp* Foiled again!
Beautiful weather! And yet, another incident. Humans are strange creatures, I tell you.
Now I get it. Here's the explanation: the two numbers stand for the number of teas and sugar cubes we order from Frillish! At least that mystery is solved! Let's go place our order!
Great! Now let's head back.
Why don't we check the houseswith the marks? We'll see if last week's deliveries were made properly and use the collection records to make sure we don't miss a thing!
The leaves
What stuff is that man working with?
Oh, well that's just bad luck.You guessed wrong.
*grunt* Ow! So I guess it really does always face north.
We have a lot of new info. I'd call this a worthwhile trip!
Hmmm. Well, it looks like these warehouse areas store food.
OK, let me see your notes. Hmmm... That's not too bad at all!
Keep gathering testimony!
Hmm... That's not enough information. Let's investigate some more.
Ask Glalie
I'll gather testimony from the other Pokémon. 
Now we should have our answer, right? Which way did the Aipom run off to? This way, or that?
It's all making sense... I've got it now. Yeah! A bolt of brilliance! Mmmm, so smart. I'm almost jealous of my own talent!
Oh! It's pouring! *laugh* *shiver* So cold out there! I need a cup of hot coffee! *laugh* *shiver*
Doughnuts, huh? They sure do go well with hot coffee!
Who could have planned a crime like this one? It's important that we figure it out. We'll use each testimony and every clue we have!
Hmmm... *scream* Ick, you're all slimy! Look! Do you see what I mean? Gross!
I would say that, without a doubt,the mysterious Pokémon we're looking for has been living here since way before the facility was rebuilt. It's likely the cause for the ghost stories. Tim, do you know which Pokémon it is?Think hard now.
Meiko's finally back with the video. Let's go to the sub-control room and watch it. Maybe it'll show us some clues!
Detective Tip #8: you must be strong.
Perfect! Now we can go straight to the lake!
...
Which path should we take? The one with Shellos's statue is going to be the one we want!
Listen, I've been having dreams about that accident. I could swear this vial played a part somehow... *groan* Can't remember.
Here's Detective Coffee Note #13: when you're all tired out from your detective work...then that means it's coffee time! The aroma of it helps you relax!
Hmmm... I don't think that's right. You really should check in your Case List one more time.
Those statues need to be checked!
We did it! We were able to find all of them!
Obviously the camera's too close. *wobble*
We were told that whatever it is the man deals with is very smelly. Also, it's the blue containers that smell. From that, we can conclude the man in question is dealing with the blue containers. The blue containers held food.
Come on now! You can't hold back! You can always talk to me, you know, even if I'm not sending my signal!
Why does Cinccino keep looking at me... Is there something stuck on me?
Hey, Fennekin! If you tell us what you know, you canhave this!
Let's see if there's anything that backs up the Yanma's claim. Come with me!
Sure you can.
I've always loved the Ferris wheel. Wish I could've ridden it before it closed.
And that problem is solved!
Watch out. When you investigate, do it without getting caught!
Then it becomes a ring! Now it makes sense. This is what the Timburr were calling a doughnut mark all along!
Oh! Want to help out with the experiments? Let's head over to where Nina is.
*groan* That was a bad idea.
Hm... Yeah, that's an alibi. Make sure you remember it.
You don't seem to have the best reflexes,do you? I wouldn't say that you're clumsy,but...wow!
So now the mask has gone missing, too. Let's see if we can find any trace of it inthe room.
It's a ketchup-colored tail print! That's key evidence. So how do we gather info? Well, by interviewing witnesses of course!
Oh no! Magnemite had its nest taken by Purugly... and moved to a new area.
Correct! So go ahead and get mea plane ticket. All right?
Hmmm... Oh, you're wondering what I'm doing? Can't you tell I'm watching Hoothoot? They say it's almost impossible to see a Hoothoot change legs from the one it'sstanding on. But as a detective, I should be able to do that! Hmmm...
*sniff* Yuck!
Keith was the one responsible for the incident that happened at the park! Let's capture him! Where is he?!
You did a great job! This facility must have some clues about Harry. So stay sharp and search for the vial.
Detective Tip #11: investigations require diligence! A persistent investigation will always be a successful one!
Pikachu.
Now...let's go find Waals's home. And gather testimony in town!
There's still one more—and not much time. C'mon, Tim! We need to find where they're gonna use R!

You know, you're more reliable than I thought. But it's probably all thanks to my teaching!
Right. We'll try the path with Ducklett's statue.
Now we know which path we need to take. We'll start with green. Does that make sense to you?
No
We need to gather information and figure out just what it is!
Mmm... This infiltration thing is hard work! *grunt* Huh? I should eat to get more energy? Nah, that's all right. I'm good... Really! I'm good! *laugh*
What we need is a Pokémon that knows how to fly. Let's check the footage Meiko shot. Maybe we'll see one on that!
*roar* *pant* *gasp* *scream*
The black feather
Why don't we go ahead and fix this mural? We can gather up all the shards and fit 'em in.
Here's the culprit's goal: to spread R in an area where there're lots of Pokémon...and also to have the GNN cameras broadcast it all. Where's the best place to do that?
Regarding the warehouses, let's look at what we know. Which testimonies will help us?
No, I'm sorry. I just don't think that's right.
Yeah, seems like someone made a fake movement plan to cause the accident, but why? I can't imagine Carina would have enemies, but let's see what she has to say.
Oh...and then?
Let's check out the studio while we wait for Meiko to get back.
'K! Go ahead and try saying your name.
Tim Goodman
*groan* Even off the boat, I still feel dizzy... *stumble* *giggle* I'm too old for this. *sigh*
Hey! Quit it! Where are you trying to take me?!Put me down!
Wow! Your reflexes are really good! I'm glad I can trust you to watch my back!
Tim Ottman
Watch, you can learn from me! Check out my dance moves!Whattaya think, Tim? *laugh*
A beautiful sky... A gorgeous blue ocean... Nature all around! And yet, standing beside me...Tim. Where's the romance? *sigh*
Hmmm... No one would ever guess you were once a Feebas. Y'know, anyone can change— Pokémon AND people. I mean, if they reallywant to!
Detective Tip #15: you will need three things to formgood deductions. Evidence! Testimony! And finally, intuition!
Look at the Machamp. They sure are busy loading things up!
We did it, Tim! We've captured Gengar. I wonder what it has to say?!
(Ad lib)
All right then, we have more marks to check. Let's go look!
*groan* I didn't realize shipping containers were treated so rough! *groan* I have a bad cramp right here... *moan*
Ahhh... Such a pretty flame. *laugh* So pretty... And it's making mereally sleepy... *snore*
Take a good look around the lake.
You think this is all just a joke? Guess what—you can do it, too! For a detective, it has a different meaning. The move Fly means letting your ideastake flight!
We've gotten a good tour of the studio, right?
Come on now! You know that's not right...Today you're Tim Ottman! Got it? Ottman!

Tim! There's a discount on coffee! Let's hurry and wrap this investigation up!
The man in the photo looks like the factory manager. The man in the lab coat's in the next room over... but is that where they're making R?
Now, if you ask me, Brad is a chump! *laugh* Huh? You don't know what I mean? Well, it's nothing that you kids shouldknow about.
We've captured Keith. Now that should close the R case for good!
Now, let's think... Which area is it that has the warehouse we see in the photo?
Did you hear some testimony that tells you where Drifblim is, by any chance?
We can get out if we just ask Drifblim, right? Good! So let's go look for one!
Here we go! Let's get into that auction.
So this is what will be up for auction before Keith's turn. Let's go take a look at the people here before things are ready to go.
A guide is exactly what we need! Let's follow him!
Hey, Klefki! Got a question for you. Uh, could I use this key? Hey! Knock it off. That hurts! *sigh* My negotiation skills didn't work at all. That was a tough one!
Aha! The trash can nearby is tipped over. It could've fallen over when the Aipom was attacked.
Now we need to figure out how it stole the mask. After the mask disappeared... was there testimony that helps us figure out how?
If we place an order with the Frillish on the second floor, it'll bring us a book, apparently!
There must be a trick to it. How could the mask disappear when the roomwas locked?
No, that's not it. Please consider the evidence and the testimony once more. Now, which way did the Aipom with the necklace flee? Come on!
It's like a Berry from that tree over there. So, I guess it's possible that Aipom was trying to take out its opponent with the Berry. Or perhaps there could be some other reasonfor it?
Oh! The vial has been found!
I don't think we can solve the problem with just this. Let's try gathering some more information.
I see... That's right... Didn't expect that...
Hmm? How many? That's not the same number that'sin the records. So whattaya think is going on?
Look at Pablo dancing without a care in the world. Well... I guess all of Ryme City is enjoying the carnival. But you and I need to close the case!
If you don't know the color of a Pokémon, you should check in your Case List.
So there's...gotta be some secret in how we place an order. I don't suppose you found any hints on that note, did you?
We don't have enough of the ingredients. It's two Berries, and then some liquid to add to them. And then once we have all that... we can go do the experiment over there by Nina.
And of course, across from me would be...
A hard Pokémon
We should really fix that mural. So why don't we head over there now?
Iron Tail! This is hard...
Everyone is thinking that the Yanma made a mistake... The Yanma say they did what the instructions told them to do. So what caused them to crash into each other?
If we have hopes of catching Gengar... we're going to need a really good plan!
Krokorok guards are trouble... but if the lounge is where R went, then that's the room we need to investigate. So you and I need to find a way in!
Detective Tip #17: we always learn from our mistakes.
I see what you mean. Well...then what's the deal?
You know what?! The claw marks on the inside of the box are just like the marks on the trees. Which tells me that someone put Crawdaunt into that box and then brought it to the lake.
A good detective must remain calm and collected at all times! So let's go take a break at that café. For coffee, naturally!
Now where could the Crawdaunt have come from? Let's investigate this area!

Well, we've finally found Drifblim. Now if we could just get the wind to blow, we'll be ableto get out of here.
You know Keith was the only one we told that I'm not able to use any moves. So...the person with that information has got to be the mastermind behind all this.
What are these gashes from? I know Charizard went on a rampage in the main square...but why are theremarks here?
Pikachu, Pikachu!
Oh no! C'mon, let's get out of here!
Hmmm, now that I think about it... this person couldn't be the culprit.
Hmm... I feel like there's something we could've missed. Let's investigate it more.
Tim, that's case closed! We'll make a proper detective out of you yet!
Pokémon were getting hurt...because Crawdaunt attacked them. Now...why would Crawdaunt do something like that?
Keith is going to be selling R. We'll trap him by posing as buyers.
Before we can get any information outta Waals, we need to solve this case!
Who would have thought that Gengar wouldescape like that... Is there no way to catch that thing?
We need to figure out the alibis of people when the switch happened.
No, that's not right.
Here's a tip for you. A detective needs to know how to play an instrument. Now watch and learn! Yeah... *grunt* Hold on... I...can't...reach...
We need to get more info on Crawdaunt.
In order to convince that one... we need some better evidence!
There are times when cautious effort is needed the most, you know.
Me?
Detective Coffee Note #16: when making coffee, use good water, too. Even with some real good beans... *sniff*Bad water will ruin it!
This particular issue...is solved!
In order to get that one to agree... we need to get some evidence!
Yes! Now we're all set! Remember...detectives like us... we should never lose our focus, all right?
We know how to order, right? Let's go place an order with Frillish.
Detective Tip #4: put the information you gathered to good use! Continue to look over and review your Case List. Because you never know—you could always findsomething new!
Hey! Your partner seems to be worried. Shouldn't you at least ask if I'm all right?
Hey... I wonder what they're making here. Ohhhhhh... What the— Eeeek! Wait a sec... Buddy, hey!*scream*
I hate that smell! Let's finish this investigation and go!
Tim, think it through. What could be the connection between Keith and the mastermind?
Make sure to keep an eye out for clues. Did ya get testimony from the Pokémon?
Tim, you're good! We'll use this to catch it! Great!
Let's check the other houses, too, for any other discrepancies.
Hey there, what's going on with you? *scream* Just take it easy there, pal. Give me a little peek!
Someone brought a Crawdaunt here, and I think that's what's been hurting the other Pokémon. We've proven that Waals isn't responsible.
We've come this far, so don't give up! Tim, l know we can do this!
Tim! Are you ready to go? You know I've been waiting for you, right? I know exactly how I'm supposed to move. You should take a look!
Hmmm... I have a hunch there's still something to be found. Let's investigate a little more.
Yes, indeed. So...where is Drifblim?
Do you think that's right?
Detective Coffee Note #21: don't throw out old coffee grounds. Use them to erase smells. Listen to what I say— don't be wasteful! 
Yes, no doubt about it, this feather is from a Pokémon.
Come on, let's get going with our deducing!
I think R could be involved somehow. Let's keep investigating!
Don't forget, I'm a Pikachu, too, you know! Watch! Thunderbolt!!
Unfortunately, Taillow's feather isn't the same coloror even the same shape.
Detective Tip #2: always make sure to look your very best.
Listen up! I'll bet you if we combine that clue with this mark...we can make a doughnut mark!
Do the mysteries call the detective... or does the detective call out the mysteries? Or it could be as simple as this: detectives are drawn to mysteries by nature.
Well, if you ask me, the path with Ducklett's statue is the one we want to take.
So Gino was the culprit, huh?! All right... I guess that case is closed.
One more thing. How do you think it was able to go and steal Trevenant's lunch? Any insight?
I think we need to find out why the Yanma crashed into each other.
The more I look at it, the more impressive this machine becomes! Let's push this button!
The best clue we have so far is the show that's supposed to be held in that room. Let's find out more about it!
Hmm...
We need to check the map... and narrow down the location of the warehouse.
The leaves, huh? I'd like to say you noticed something interesting. But I'm afraid that I can't... Just the leaves by themselves are a weak clue.
So why do you think I can't do the moves that all those other Pokémon can do? Huh?
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
That's a bit too weak to be proof.
From here we can observe the first floor, and we'll see what we can find out.
All right. Time for a final thought. In all the cases we've solved, there was one where Keith tried to directly cause you harm. Which one was it?
Smeargle looks a lot more cheerful. Maybe I'll have my portrait done!
Yes! So now we know what we're doing next!
In order to prove Waals's innocence, we really need to figure out who brought Crawdaunt here.
You got it! Great job!
Pretty smooth moves, eh? That's what you should be filming.
Hey! What's this? Mythical coffee?! Did you see this?! I'll bet it's good. I'll bet it's REALLY good! *laugh* 
Harry was definitely here! Maybe some of the Pokémon saw him!
The owner of this black feather... is the one who attacked that Aipom! Now let's identify which Pokémon it was!
