Active
Field Power
Battle Power
Use
Give
Cancel
When Used on Self
When Given to Others
<var>
<var> has <var> active!
<var>:<var>
×
<var>
Required Energy
Choose which O-Power to give.
Lv. 1
Lv. 2
Lv. 3
S
MAX
Encounter Power
Stealth Power
Hatching Power
Befriending Power
Bargain Power
HP Restoring Power
PP Restoring Power
Full Recovery Power
Exp. Point Power
Prize Money Power
Capture Power
Critical Power
Attack Power
Defense Power
Speed Power
Sp. Atk Power
Sp. Def Power
Accuracy Power
Encounter Power Lv. 1
Encounter Power Lv. 2
Encounter Power Lv. 3
Stealth Power Lv. 1
Stealth Power Lv. 2
Stealth Power Lv. 3
Hatching Power Lv. 1
Hatching Power Lv. 2
Hatching Power Lv. 3
Hatching Power S
Hatching Power MAX
Befriending Power Lv. 1
Befriending Power Lv. 2
Befriending Power Lv. 3
Befriending Power S
Befriending Power MAX
Bargain Power Lv. 1
Bargain Power Lv. 2
Bargain Power Lv. 3
Bargain Power S
Bargain Power MAX
HP Restoring Power Lv. 1
HP Restoring Power Lv. 2
HP Restoring Power Lv. 3
PP Restoring Power Lv. 1
PP Restoring Power Lv. 2
PP Restoring Power Lv. 3
Full Recovery Power
Exp. Point Power Lv. 1
Exp. Point Power Lv. 2
Exp. Point Power Lv. 3
Exp. Point Power S
Exp. Point Power MAX
Prize Money Power Lv. 1
Prize Money Power Lv. 2
Prize Money Power Lv. 3
Prize Money Power S
Prize Money Power MAX
Capture Power Lv. 1
Capture Power Lv. 2
Capture Power Lv. 3
Capture Power S
Capture Power MAX
Critical Power Lv. 1
Critical Power Lv. 2
Critical Power Lv. 3
Attack Power Lv. 1
Attack Power Lv. 2
Attack Power Lv. 3
Defense Power Lv. 1
Defense Power Lv. 2
Defense Power Lv. 3
Speed Power Lv. 1
Speed Power Lv. 2
Speed Power Lv. 3
Sp. Atk Power Lv. 1
Sp. Atk Power Lv. 2
Sp. Atk Power Lv. 3
Sp. Def Power Lv. 1
Sp. Def Power Lv. 2
Sp. Def Power Lv. 3
Accuracy Power Lv. 1
Accuracy Power Lv. 2
Accuracy Power Lv. 3
Increases the chance of encountering wild Pokémon a little. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the chance of encountering wild Pokémon. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the chance of encountering wild Pokémon a lot. The effect lasts three minutes.
Decreases the chance of encountering wild Pokémon a little. The effect lasts three minutes.
Decreases the chance of encountering wild Pokémon. The effect lasts three minutes.
Decreases the chance of encountering wild Pokémon a lot. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Eggs hatch a little faster. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Eggs hatch faster. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Eggs hatch much faster. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Eggs hatch much faster. The effect lasts eight minutes.
Helps Eggs hatch much faster. The effect lasts 60 minutes.
Helps Pokémon grow friendly a little faster. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Pokémon grow friendly faster. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Pokémon grow friendly much faster. The effect lasts three minutes.
Helps Pokémon grow friendly much faster. The effect lasts eight minutes.
Helps Pokémon grow friendly much faster. The effect lasts 60 minutes.
Poké Marts begin a bargain sale in which everything is 10% off. The effect lasts three minutes.
Poké Marts begin a bargain sale in which everything is 25% off. The effect lasts three minutes.
Poké Marts begin a bargain sale in which everything is 50% off. The effect lasts three minutes.
Poké Marts begin a bargain sale in which everything is 50% off. The effect lasts eight minutes.
Poké Marts begin a bargain sale in which everything is 50% off. The effect lasts 60 minutes.
Immediately restores the HP of the lead Pokémon a little.
Immediately restores the HP of the lead Pokémon somewhat.
Immediately restores the HP of the lead Pokémon very much.
Immediately restores the PP of the lead Pokémon a little.
Immediately restores the PP of the lead Pokémon somewhat.
Immediately restores the PP of the lead Pokémon very much.
When received, every Pokémon in a party fully recovers.
Increases the Exp. Points from battles a little. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the Exp. Points from battles. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the Exp. Points from battles very much. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the Exp. Points from battles very much. The effect lasts eight minutes.
Increases the Exp. Points from battles very much. The effect lasts 60 minutes.
Increases the prize money from battles a little. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the prize money from battles. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the prize money from battles very much. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the prize money from battles very much. The effect lasts eight minutes.
Increases the prize money from battles very much. The effect lasts 60 minutes.
Increases the chance to catch Pokémon a little. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the chance to catch Pokémon. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the chance to catch Pokémon very much. The effect lasts three minutes.
Increases the chance to catch Pokémon very much. The effect lasts eight minutes.
Increases the chance to catch Pokémon very much. The effect lasts 60 minutes.
Increases the critical-hit ratio of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Increases the critical-hit ratio of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Increases the critical-hit ratio of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
Raises the Attack stat of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Raises the Attack stat of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Raises the Attack stat of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
Raises the Defense stat of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Raises the Defense stat of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Raises the Defense stat of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
Raises the Speed stat of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Raises the Speed stat of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Raises the Speed stat of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
Raises the Sp. Atk stat of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Raises the Sp. Atk stat of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Raises the Sp. Atk stat of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
Raises the Sp. Def stat of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Raises the Sp. Def stat of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Raises the Sp. Def stat of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
Raises the accuracy of the lead Pokémon a little during battle.
Raises the accuracy of the lead Pokémon during battle.
Raises the accuracy of the lead Pokémon very much during battle.
