
Fly to where?
Area Unknown

Blooming buds covered in morning dew exude hope for the future in this small town.
A town that naturally sprang up as people flocked to this pristine riverside.
This ancient town was once famous for the long-neglected manor home of a noble family.
A town lined with mysterious stones and encircled by strange ruins of old.
A rural town where Pokémon and windmills work together to farm the land in a chilly latitude.
The railway brings people from great distances to see the huge, majestic falls.
This town was known only for its aquarium until the discovery of rare Fossils really put it on the map.
Many beginning Trainers gather in this friendly city to start a Pokémon journey.
A dazzling metropolis of art and artifice, located in the very heart of the Kalos region.
A dazzling metropolis of art and artifice, located in the very heart of the Kalos region.
A dazzling metropolis of art and artifice, located in the very heart of the Kalos region.
A city nestled between the cliffs and the sea, overlooked by steep Bicycle racecourses.
The seaside home of the Tower of Mastery, where the legend of mysterious stones lives on.
An exclusive resort area made popular thanks to its clear skies and mild atmosphere.
An unearthly city created by those inspired by a mysterious and ancient tree 1,500 years old.
Some say the enigmatic device used as a sundial came from outer space.
They say the cold air flowing from the Pokémon Gym is responsible for this city's frozen state.
This city, popular with Pokémon Trainers, is a typical example of southern Kalosian life.
This path is open only to those who can best every Pokémon Gym in the Kalos region.
The gentle light filtering through this sun-dappled forest makes it a popular spot for nature walks.
A luxurious palace constructed 300 years ago by a king who wished to display his power to all.
Lose all sense of direction as you wander through this cave, where Luminous Moss glows emerald green.
The sheer faces of these rock walls reflect the images of people and Pokémon like nature's mirror.
An expansive factory where every Poké Ball used in the Kalos region is produced.
The drifting snow and impenetrable fog make this cavern a place of fantastical illusions.
Legends say a place exists where Pokémon live in hiding, but no one has ever found it.
This treacherous path to the Pokémon League will break the hearts of even the toughest Trainers.


This cave linking Route 7 and Cyllage City is notable for its great hordes of Zubat.
An environmentally responsible power plant that generates solar power from space.
The base of Team Flare's operations, built in secret to activate the ultimate weapon.
A coal mine that was closed a few years ago due to rumors of a monster living deep within it.
This once-famous hotel clings to the shade of its former glory after tragedy left it in ruins.
A mysterious void. It is said that nothing can exist within it.
A pit in the shallows of Azure Bay thought to have been born from an ancient outpouring of energy.
A small and quiet country lane that connects Vaniville Town and Aquacorde Town.
You'll find many Pokémon hiding among the tall grass that grows in tufts along this trail.
The little rises and hollows of this lush forest are a favorite place for many kinds of Pokémon to play.
This famed path's perfectly designed and executed gardens are its highlight and a special point of pride.
Roller Skaters from across the Kalos region gather on this hilly path to demonstrate their best skills.
This tree-lined path was once covered with grass as tall as a man, but it was cleared by the palace.
The longest single road in the Kalos region runs straight alongside one of its greatest rivers.
This is a road of great contrasts, from the harsh rock of the cliffs to the soft sands of the beach.
This rocky passage was created by retired Rhyhorn racers who forged a path where there was none.
Countless stones line this mysterious path in such numbers and arrays that it seems overwhelming.
One can feel the power of the earth's interior from the crystals that sprout along this mountain path.
Frolicking Skiddo can be seen and ridden at the Baa de Mer Ranch, located beside the breezy sea.
Since no plants can grow in the red clay of this great plain, it hosts the Power Plant instead.
The lush trees and boggy swamps of this trail give off an eerie vibe, even in broad daylight.
This path has become a popular hangout for the wild and directionless youths of Lumiose City.
This rustic path beside the glittering metropolis of Lumiose City is a well-known fishing spot.
Due to constant snowstorms and heavy snowfall, humans have no hope of traversing this road on foot.
This path is best known for its trolley, once used for the coal mine, and the curious Inverse Battle house.
This great valley can now be crossed thanks to its long bridge, built with the help of many Pokémon.
This path was designed to disturb the woods as little as possible, so it twists and turns among the trees.
This is the path of the chosen, designed to hone the stalwart Trainers who dare face the Pokémon League.
This lively path bustles with many Trainers and their Pokémon, all gathered here to train themselves.

The deep blue ocean off Kalos's coast, where Pokémon from distant lands are said to visit.

Shabboneau Castle
Fossil Lab
Santalune City Gym
Trainers' School
Prism Tower
Battle Institute
Lumiose Station
PR Video Studio
Pokémon Lab
Coiffure Clips
Boutique Couture
Cyllage City Gym
Cycle Shop
Shalour City Gym
Tower of Mastery
Coumarine City Gym
Laverre City Gym
Anistar City Gym
Snowbelle City Gym
Battle Maison
Friend Safari
Kiloude Station




Pokémon Day Care
Battle Chateau
Berry Fields
Pokémon Center
Name Rater
Move Reminder
Move Deleter
Move Tutor
Boutique
Lumiose Museum
Hotel Richissime
Hotel Cyllage
Hotel Ambrette
Ambrette Aquarium
Hotel Marine Snow
Coumarine Hotel
Seaside Station
Hillcrest Station
Scary House
Inverse Battle
Couriway Hotel
The Fishing Shack
Pokémon Fan Club
Hotel Camphrier
