



















If you want the Pokémon Lab, keep your eye out for the Poké Ball pillars out front!
If you want the Pokémon Lab, keep your eye out for the Poké Ball pillars out front!
You know there's a Pokémon Center across from the Pokémon Lab, right?
You know there's a Pokémon Center across from the Pokémon Lab, right?
Yeah! I saw the professor buying Poké Balls there the other day!
Yeah! I saw the professor talking to the lady who works there the other day!
The Skiddo makes the cutest noises as it sleeps...
Do you know how many cafés there are in this city?
How many cafés have we still not visited in Lumiose City?
I'm not sure, but I know that Café Soleil is next on my list!
Aren't you curious about that place called Café Cyclone?
Honestly, if you've come all this way, you've just got to shoot a Trainer PR Video!
Honestly, if you've come all this way, you've just got to shoot a Trainer PR Video!
No, no, I couldn't possibly! It's enough for me just to watch others' videos!
No, no, I couldn't possibly! It's enough for me just to watch others' videos!
Hey! Did you know that a super-famous movie star sometimes visits Lumiose's cafés?
Hey! That woman who came to the café the other day... Wasn't that the movie star Diantha?!
I know! I've seen her, too! Oh, I love her movies!
I know! I saw her, too! I love Diantha's movies!
What's that woman's name again? She sure is a popular movie star...
I always just remember the names of the characters, not the movie stars who play them!
She is a beautiful lady, for sure. No wonder she's so famous!
When you're recorded for TV like that, you'll always be young, huh?
The Skiddo looks so comfortable sleeping...
Prism Tower is the very symbol of Lumiose. It can be seen from everywhere in the city.
The only place that you can stand in this city and not see Prism Tower is inside the tower!
The napping Skiddo looks so comfy...
The gate has the number 14 carved on it! That way you know what route it leads to.
The gate has the number 14 carved on it! That way you know what route it leads to.
The Skiddo are huddled together and snoring softly...
Coffee, tea, and then more coffee... I could spend my whole day in a café.
Dunking something sweet in your bitter coffee... It's the best way to enjoy both!
If I had to say, though, I think Striaton City's tea would be the best in the world.
All of the galettes that I bought as souvenirs were eaten by my Pokémon!
I'd guess it's already time to say good-bye.
I'm back again already!
Remember, I'm just a short TMV ride away.
...It really is just a short TMV ride away.
So we're now between Magenta Plaza and Estival Avenue...
This stretch between Magenta Plaza and Estival Avenue is very stylish, you see.
The blinding rays of the sun watch over your beauty, reflected in my eyes...
The soft caress of the moon washes over my beauty, reflected in your eyes...
O-oh, how poetic, darling! It's so wonderfully romantic!
O-oh, how poetic, darling! It's so maddeningly lunatic!
I've heard that here in Kalos, they don't put ice in your soda! Can you imagine?
People in Kalos kiss each other on the cheek to say hello or good-bye. Even if they just met!
Seems like there are more kinds of juice lately, or is it that I've been hanging in Lumiose City a lot?
Do you think my Fletchling would enjoy some premium Berry Juice?
Jui-chiii!
Chi-chi-chi-chiiirp!
In a Double Battle, your Speed stats will become of utmost importance.
In a Double Battle, the real point is which Pokémon to attack.
But you could also mix up the order in a Double Battle using Fake Out.
But you could also protect your allies in a Double Battle using Follow Me.
Dinner sure was good last night... I wonder what I'll have for breakfast.
Breakfast sure was good this morning... I wonder what I should have for dinner.
What would you recommend on Autumnal Avenue? Hmmmmmm?
Thanks to you, lady, I've become a real master of Autumnal Avenue!
Hee hee hee! I'd say the Poké Ball Boutique or the Berry Juice shop!
Oh ho ho! Aren't you getting ahead of yourself? You haven't even been to the restaurant yet!
Lysandre loves the color red, so he even made his café red.
Lysandre Café's red décor supposedly represents the owner's burning passion!
I'm gonna become even bigger than Prism Tower!
Now, now, young man... Why don't you just start by eating and sleeping well?
Each gulp of coffee reminds me of the Pokémon move Swallow...
The only way to watch the world slowly changing is with a coffee cup in one hand.
What is this blinding aura?! Is this what three stars means?!
Maybe I could withstand this overwhelming aura if I were the Champion or something...
I want to stand atop Prism Tower and see every corner of Lumiose City!
Is it just me or do you seem like you've already seen every corner of Lumiose City?
These narrow alleys... They reek of danger...
I heard from someone that there are Pokémon in Jaune Plaza.
Whoa! I hear that there's a Lava Dome Pokémon in Jaune Plaza!
It's hard to stand in Jaune Plaza and not want to mimic Pokémon cries, isn't it?
Hohohoho! It's hard to stand in Jaune Plaza and not want to mimic Pokémon cries, isn't it?
Gosh, if I could just fish, I could find out what kind of Pokémon live in the river...
Hey, Trainer! Where's a fun place to go with your Pokémon?
I want to be able to fly around the world freely! Just like a Fletchling!
Wait, you mean the Fletchling in Lumiose...just walk everywhere?!
This place positively exudes a stylish atmosphere, doesn't it?
Oh, isn't that just like you! You're already like a Lumiose native!
You can get anywhere in Lumiose in no time flat if you use a taxi!
You know Alexa at Lumiose Press... Do you figure she's stronger than Viola?
Snip-snip! ♪ Snippity-snip! ♪ It's a Pokémon salon! ♪
Hey, hey, didja know? Didja know? You can, like, BECOME stylish! Wow!
Another day... ♪ To while away... ♪ Trimming treasured Furfrou. Yay! ♪
Yup! You can have your Furfrou's long hair cut in all kinds of ways!
Y'know... My Emolga wants to be with your Dedenne forever...
Y'know... My Emolga really wants to shock your Dedenne.
Mm-hmm...
...What?
Being stylish means knowing all about everything in Lumiose City!
We are swathed in the stylish aroma of stylish Lumiose City!
We shall go everywhere in Lumiose City, and the city will love us for it, darling!
Our promenade through the city has imbued us with its stylish fragrance.
I thought we weren't supposed to meet in Vert Plaza but in Bleu Plaza?
Or maybe it wasn't Bleu Plaza at all but Magenta Plaza?
Is that fool in the wrong plaza again?
How many times can he possibly get it wrong?
Even after I told him how many times it was Vert Plaza and not Bleu Plaza!
Even after I told him how many times that it was Vert Plaza and not Magenta Plaza!
I live today for the thrill of trying to win the Loto-ID again tomorrow!
Oh, aren't you a good boy! That's right! We can only try it once a day!
I like taking a break by roosting in the shade of a tree.
I'm so in the know about Lumiose that I even know where the best place to rest is.
