Bulbasaur can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays, the seed grows progressively larger.
There is a bud on this Pokémon's back. To support its weight, Ivysaur's legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it's a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon.
There is a large flower on Venusaur's back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people.

Charizard flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself.

Kakuna remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch.
Beedrill is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest—this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm.

Pidgey has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings.
This Pokémon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose Pidgeot as their Pokémon.

Its incisors grow continuously throughout its life. If its incisors get too long, this Pokémon becomes unable to eat, and it starves to death.
Its nature is to store up electricity. Forests where nests of Pikachu live are dangerous, since the trees are so often struck by lightning.
As electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes more aggressive. One theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress.
It focuses psychic energy into its tail and rides it like it's surfing. Another name for this Pokémon is "hodad."
Nidoran♀ has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn.
When Nidorina are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others.
Nidoqueen's body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young.
It has no eyeballs, so it can't see. It checks its surroundings via the ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth.
Vileplume's toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That's why it is advisable never to approach any attractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be.
Venonat is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey.
In contrast to its lovely face, it's so brutal that it tortures its weakened prey rather than finishing them off.
Legends tell of its fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country.
Once this Pokémon has gained enough confidence and muscle from training with its friends, it challenges Makuhita to a battle.
It grasps its opponents with its four arms and twists them up in an intricate hold. People call it "the Machamp special."
Bellsprout's thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this Pokémon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron.
Weepinbell has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokémon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground.
Victreebel has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokémon swallows it whole.
Geodude that have lived a long life have had all their edges smoothed out until they're totally round. They also have a calm, quiet disposition.
If you mistake it for a rock and step on it, it will headbutt you in anger. In addition to the pain, it will also zap you with a shock.
It climbs up cliffs as it heads toward the peak of a mountain. As soon as it reaches the summit, it rolls back down the way it came.
When two Graveler fight each other, it fills the surroundings with flashes of light and sound. People call it the "fireworks of the earth."
Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.
Rapidash usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph.
It's frequently the cause of power outages, which is why some power plants send out electrical signals that it can't stand.
Thanks to its thick fat, cold seas don't bother it at all, but it gets tired pretty easily in warm waters.
It swims through the ocean at a speed of eight knots, searching for Pokémon that will become its prey. It's especially fond of Wishiwashi.
It was born from sludge on the ocean floor. In a sterile environment, the germs within its body can't multiply, and it dies.
Their food sources have decreased, and their numbers have declined sharply. Sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction.
On moonless nights, Haunter searches for someone to curse, so it's best not to go out walking around.
You can hear tales told all over the world about how Gengar will pay a visit to children who are naughty.

Onix has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother.
Voltorb was first sighted at a company that manufactures Poké Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact that this Pokémon looks very similar to a Poké Ball remains a mystery.
Electrode eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this Pokémon exploding all over the place from eating too much electricity.
Six of them form a single Pokémon. Should one of the six be lost, the next morning there will once more be six.
Its sparkling core is called "the gem of the sea." This core can be made into high-priced accessories that are traded in secret.
Although it's tough, it can't handle cold well. When night falls, it buries itself in leafage and sleeps.

They've been so cherished that there's now an overabundance. The fish Pokémon population has declined in waters with too many Lapras.
It's still weak, so it lurks on the floor of bodies of water, eating whatever food sinks down and living a quiet life.
In battle, Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around.
Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
The fragrance of Meganium's flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit.
Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury.
Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in.
Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed.
Every night, it wanders around in search of prey, whose movements it restrains by spewing threads before it bites into them with its fangs.
Its fangs are so sharp, if it bites you in the dark and sucks your blood, you won't notice any pain or realize you've been bitten.
It's said that while this Pokémon has the power to predict the future, it's not powerful enough to change the future it sees.
Marill's oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants.
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, Hoppip links its leaves with other Hoppip to prepare against being blown away.
Skiploom's flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer.
Jumpluff rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
This Pokémon is nocturnal. Even in total darkness, its large eyes can spot its prey clearly!
While it has powerful jaws, it doesn't care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might.
Molten magma courses throughout Slugma's circulatory system. If this Pokémon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size.
It shares its food with people who are stranded. Because Delibird is omnivorous, sometimes it gives those people bug Pokémon.
They spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack.
They spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack.

Kingdra lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents.
For its nest, Phanpy digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed.
It produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes.
Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.
It wanders through the mountains seeking opponents to fight. If it finds an opponent that's not worthy, Tyranitar ignores it and wanders on.
Treecko has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This Pokémon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
The leaves growing out of Grovyle's body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
The leaves growing on Sceptile's body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile—it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
Torchic sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokémon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black.
Combusken toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in one second.
In battle, Blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokémon's wrists burn.
At first sight, Poochyena takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back.
Beautifly's favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokémon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. Beautifly is sure to come looking for pollen.
Cascoon makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon.
Dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.
Lombre is nocturnal—it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation.
Nuzleaf live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched.
It places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it's taking them.
If it's in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread.
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn't work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings.
Slaking spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot.
It practices its slaps by repeatedly slapping tree trunks. It has been known to slap an Exeggutor and get flung away.
Although they enjoy comparing their strength, they're also kind. They value etiquette, praising opponents they battle.
It moves less than an inch a year, but when it's in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second.
Meditite undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokémon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends.
It is said that through meditation, Medicham heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains.
Numel is extremely dull witted—it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma.
You can tell how it's feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health.
Spoink bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing—if it stops, its heart will stop.
Grumpig uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this Pokémon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored.
Its jaws are strong enough to crush rocks but so heavy that it can't get up if it flips over. Sandile seize those moments as their chance.
It vibrates its wings to generate ultrasonic waves, causing its prey to faint. Then it buries the prey alive in the sand to preserve it.
Lunatone was discovered at a location where a meteoroid fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far.
Solrock is a new species of Pokémon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokémon releases intensely bright light.
Dusclops's body is completely hollow—there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.
Rich people from cold areas all share childhood memories of playing with Snorunt.
Spheal is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokémon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy.
Sealeo has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose.
Walrein's two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pokémon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
Whenever it sees bird Pokémon flying through the sky, it becomes envious and smashes its surroundings to bits with headbutts.
Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, it flies all over the place and usually doesn't land until it's completely exhausted and needs to sleep.
It boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength. It grabs its prey with its four legs and holds them in place with its claws.

Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.
It doesn't like to be taken care of. It's difficult to bond with since it won't listen to its Trainer.
It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important.
It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice.
They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power.
They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks.
The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon.
It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors.
Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey.
A primeval Pokémon, it possesses a hard and sturdy skull, lacking any intelligence within.
In ancient times, people would dig up fossils of this Pokémon and use its skull, which is harder than steel, to make helmets.
A mild-mannered, herbivorous Pokémon, it used its face to dig up tree roots to eat. The skin on its face was plenty tough.
It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
Its round body is stuffed with souls and expands each time it leads someone away.
It will absolutely not forgive failure from or betrayal by its goons. It has no choice in this if it wants to maintain the order of the flock.
In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground.
It reacts to anything that moves—flies right at it and bites it. Sometimes it injures itself, but it doesn't care too much.
It flies at the speed of sound while searching for prey, and it has midair battles with Salamence as the two compete for food.

It concentrates its mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras, which can crush boulders of large size to dust.

It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey.
During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain's lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring.
It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as "The Ice Monster."
Although it can control its units known as Mini-Noses, they sometimes get lost and don't come back.
It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip.
It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from Serperior's noble eyes.
It can deftly dodge its foe's attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power.
It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
The scalchop on its stomach isn't just used for battle—it can be used to break open hard berries as well.
Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs.
Its fur is long and thick. A long time ago in cold regions, every household kept a Stoutland.
Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws.
Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
The hexagonal hole is its ear. Deep in that ear is an energy core, so if you stick your hand in there, Roggenrola will be very angry!
The energy overflowing from its body has turned into orange crystals that are hard enough to smash diamonds.
When it fires off energy with all its might, the power creates countless fissures on its body.
It is thought that Conkeldurr taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago.
When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land.
It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.
When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild Throh use vines to weave their own belts.
Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping.
Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies.
It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
To protect itself, it shoots cotton from its body. When it gets wet in the rain, its cotton grows moist and heavy, and it can't move as well.
Savage, violent Pokémon, red and blue Basculin are always fighting each other over territory.
When it spots prey, even at a distance of over 30 miles, it swims through the desert as if it were water, then jumps out and chomps them.
The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory.
Its jaws are terrifyingly powerful. It could eat Omastar and Omanyte whole and not be bothered in the slightest by their shells.
This Pokémon has a cowardly disposition, so when it's not around friends, it basically always stays transformed as something else.
It doesn't just transform itself—it also has the power to make hundreds of people see its illusions.
They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically.
Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles.
Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well.
It wraps its veillike arms and legs around prey swimming by and drags them down to the depths of the ocean.
Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live.
While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it.
Being consumed in Chandelure's flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind.
They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey.
They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds.
It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked.
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away.
It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two.
While it's an amiable Pokémon, if you touch it unexpectedly, it will heat up its body in an instant, and you'll be burned.
When they're young, they live with a pride. Once they're able to hunt prey on their own, they're kicked out and have to make their own way.
It's not safe without the power of a flower, but it will keep traveling around until it finds one with the color and shape it wants.
The organ that emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out.
When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust.
Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon.
Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon.
To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy.
It compresses the water it has sucked up and then projects it with enough power to punch a hole right through a thick sheet of iron.
It lived in cold areas in ancient times. It's said that when Amaura whinnies, auroras appear in the night sky.
An Aurorus was found frozen solid within a glacier, just as it appeared long ago, which became quite a big event in the news.
It uses its horns to check out its surroundings. They're very sensitive, so if you grab them, it will feel a strong shock and be unable to move.
The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active.
Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way.
In its true form, it possess a huge amount of power. Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within.
In its true form, it possess a huge amount of power. Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within.
They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel.
As they develop, their disposition grows more violent and aggressive. Many Trainers find them too much to handle and abandon them.
The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. Lycanroc wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off.
It has no problem ignoring orders it doesn't like. It doesn't seem to mind getting hurt at all—as long as it can finish off its opponent.
They eat Corsola branches, so Mareanie are hated by craftsmen who work with Corsola branches that have naturally fallen off.
It remains calm and unmoving no matter the situation. It mixes dirt with the saliva in its mouth to make a special kind of mud.
It boasts power enough to split large trees in half. The organ on its rear releases an odor that it uses to communicate with others of its kind.
It waves its hands wildly in intimidation and warning. Life is over for anyone who doesn't run away as fast as possible.
Each of its grains of sand has its own will. Palossand eats small Pokémon and siphons away their vital essence while they're still alive.
It lives in volcanoes and eats sulfur and other minerals. Materials from the food it eats form the basis of its explosive shell.
When it's surprised or agitated, the 14 fur spikes on its back will stand up involuntarily.
Bulbasaur can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays, the seed grows progressively larger.
There is a bud on this Pokémon's back. To support its weight, Ivysaur's legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it's a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon.
Legends tell of its fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country.
You can hear tales told all over the world about how Gengar will pay a visit to children who are naughty.
Onix has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother.
They've been so cherished that there's now an overabundance. The fish Pokémon population has declined in waters with too many Lapras.
In battle, Chikorita waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around.
Bayleef's neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy.
Despite the smallness of its body, Totodile's jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury.
Once Croconaw has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in.
Feraligatr intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed.
With threads from its mouth, it fashions sturdy webs that won't break even if you set a rock on them.
Every night, it wanders around in search of prey, whose movements it restrains by spewing threads before it bites into them with its fangs.
While it has powerful jaws, it doesn't care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might.
Kingdra lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents.
It produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes.
Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.
With its long, thin wings, it catches updrafts and flies like a glider high up into the sky.
It places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it's taking them.
If it's in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread.
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn't work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings.
It moves less than an inch a year, but when it's in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second.
You can tell how it's feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health.
Dusclops's body is completely hollow—there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.
It concentrates its mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras, which can crush boulders of large size to dust.
Although it can control its units known as Mini-Noses, they sometimes get lost and don't come back.
It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip.
It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from Serperior's noble eyes.
It can deftly dodge its foe's attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power.
It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies.
It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically.
Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles.
Being consumed in Chandelure's flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind.
They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel.
The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. Lycanroc wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off.
It has no problem ignoring orders it doesn't like. It doesn't seem to mind getting hurt at all—as long as it can finish off its opponent.
Each of its grains of sand has its own will. Palossand eats small Pokémon and siphons away their vital essence while they're still alive.
