Hey, I'm Blue! Whenever I see a strong Trainer, I just have to battle them. Nice to meet you!
The name's Flint! I'm one of the Sinnoh Pokémon League's Elite Four! And let me tell ya, my heart's always on fire!
My name is Erika. Nice to meet you.
I am Hapu, kahuna of Poni Island! I will fight with every fiber of my being!
Hi, I'm Skyla, the high-flying girl! Whether you want to fly or blow your opponents away, you can count on me!
I'm Flannery! I'm, uh, honored to be serving as a Fire-type Gym Leader... No, I mean...I'm in charge!
Nice to meet you! My name's Rosa! I hope we can be friends!
Hey! I'm Barry, from Twinleaf Town! And if you're like, "Where's that?" I'm fining you ten million!
My name's Brock. I'm a Gym Leader. When it comes to rock-hard willpower, nobody can beat me!
I'm Crasher Wake! I'm a Water-type Gym Leader! Think you can take me on?!
Hey, I'm Roxie! Whether it's in my band or in battle, I'll always give it my all!
Hello, my name's Cheryl. I'm a Pokémon Trainer. It's nice to meet you!
I'm Shauntal, a Ghost-type Pokémon Trainer. I am both a writer and a member of the Unova Elite Four.
My name's Whitney, and I'm a Gym Leader! Ain't I a cutie?! Try not to get too infatuated!
Hehe! I'm Liza, a Psychic-type Pokémon Trainer! And I'm a twin! My brother and I are Gym Leaders.
The name's Clay. I'm the Gym Leader o' Driftveil City Gym! Time to get to work!
The name's Surge! I'm the lightning lieutenant who battles with Electric-type Pokémon!
I-I'm Sophocles... One of the captains of Ula'ula Island.
Ho ho! The name's Ramos. I may not look it, but I'm a Grass-type Gym Leader. If yeh want to know about plants, I'm yer man!
I am Brycen. I'm known as the Ice Mask!
Hey, I'm Brawly, the next big wave in training and the leader of Dewford City's Gym! Nice to meet you!
I am Bruno, of the Indigo Elite Four! My Pokémon and I always train to the extreme!
My name is Marshal, Elite Four member and Master Alder's apprentice! I will achieve true strength with my training!
I am Drake, of the Hoenn Elite Four! Let me see if you truly know what it takes to be a Trainer!
H-hi, I'm Marley. I'm looking forward to spending some time with you.
Nice to meet you. I'm Lyra! I've spent a lot of time exploring with my Pokémon!
I am the Ice-type Pokémon Trainer Lorelei. I wonder, will you be able to make me feel the heat of battle?
Heya, I'm Kris! I've got a lot of confidence in my knowledge of Pokémon! Feel free to ask me anything!
My name's Brendan. I'm a Trainer from the Hoenn region! I know a lot about Pokémon, so leave it to me!
Hi! I'm Hilbert! I'm really looking forward to team battles alongside you. Let's be friends!
You know who I am? I'm Wulfric, the Gym Leader of Snowbelle City.
Hi, I'm Candice, the Gym Leader of an Ice-type Gym! I'll show you how super focused I am, so you better be ready!
Hi! I'm Gardenia! I'm the master of vivid plant Pokémon and a Grass-type Gym Leader!
I'm Tate! And I'm a twin! My sister and I are Gym Leaders. Don't hear that every day, do you?
Heyyy, you and your Pokémon would make a real pretty painting. Oh, by the way, my name's Mina.
I'm Roark, a Gym Leader! Work hard and be as strong as a Rock-type Pokémon. That's my motto.
I'm Factory Head Thorton. Pleasure to meet me. Just so you know, my Pokémon knowledge is unbeatable.
I am Winona, a Gym Leader. I am known as the bird Pokémon user who soars throughout the world.
Hello! I'm Roxanne. I like to strategize before a battle. That means applying everything I've studied up till now.
I'm Bugsy! You may know me as the Azalea Town Gym Leader in the Johto region—or maybe as the Walking Bug Pokémon Encyclopedia!
The name's Noland! I'm the Frontier Brain in charge of the Battle Factory over in Hoenn. Pleasure to meet you!
I'm Will, of Indigo Elite Four fame. I'm here to show the world the true ferocity of my psychic powers!
Haha! I'm Phoebe, of the Hoenn Elite Four. My Pokémon and I share an unbreakable bond!
Hi! My name's Maylene. I'll accept a challenge anytime, anywhere!
I'm Olivia, the kahuna of Akala Island. Get ready for your hardest Pokémon battle yet!
'Sup! The name's Marlon, man of the sea! We should totally go for a swim sometime, dude!
My name's Grant. I'm the Cyllage City Gym Leader back in Kalos. I climb any wall in front of me!
I am Wikstrom, the famed steel blade of the Kalos Elite Four!
My name's Kahili. I'm a member of the Alola Elite Four and also a professional golfer!
Heh! I'm Blaine, the leader of Cinnabar Gym! People know me as the hotheaded quiz master!
Janine of Fuchsia Gym—that's me! I'm a ninja Pokémon Trainer and master of all things poison!
I'm Agatha, of the Indigo Elite Four! Let's see what you can do, child!
I'm Karen, of the Indigo Elite Four. I hope you can at least provide me a bit of entertainment.
I am Siebold, of the Kalos Elite Four. Tell me—don't you think Pokémon battles are worthy of being called art?
Time for Lady Korrina's grand appearance! Just teasing! Nice to meet you!
My name is Norman. I'm a Gym Leader from the Hoenn region. I'll be counting on you from here on out.
My name is Pryce. I'm a Gym Leader. I have forged my path through life with Ice-type Pokémon by my side.
Hi! I'm Iris! People call me the girl who knows the hearts of dragons!
I feel like I'm on fire in this outfit! It just oozes strength, don't you think? I'm ready for any battle. You can count on me!
Hey, I'm Hau. Nice to meet you! I'm from Melemele Island, and my old gramps is the kahuna there!
I am Clair, the world's best Dragon-type master.
I'm Viola! We're going to snag some picturesque victories—I promise!
I am Koga, of the Indigo Elite Four! I live in shadows. You will be safe in my company!
I'm an island kahuna, you know? From Alola. Oh, and the name's Nanu.
Hiya, I'm Acerola! I'm a member of the Alola Elite Four, bringing an old royal touch to Pasio!
My name's Cheren! I'm a Gym Leader and a teacher! Pleasure to meet you.
Have you heard of the Kanto Gym Leader they call the Tomboyish Mermaid? That's me, Misty!
