This highly curious, active young Trainer cherishes the bonds she has with her Pokémon. She is always doting on them.
This cool beauty who uses Ice-type Pokémon is one of the Elite Four. She likes cute things and has many plushies at home.
This member of the Elite Four is constantly on the verge of overheating. He's a skillful Trainer of Fire-type Pokémon who is always burning for an all-out battle.
Rumored to be descended from an ancient Alolan dynasty, this Ghost-type Pokémon user serves as one of the Alola region's Elite Four.
A cute Gym Leader who loves Grass-type Pokémon, this well-mannered Trainer teaches flower arrangement in Kanto.
This Gym Leader is a serious, stoic family man who never neglects his training to become stronger—nor caring for his family—in his pursuit of victory.
A Gym Leader who uses Water-type Pokémon, Crasher Wake is beloved by his many fans for his passionate performances.
Highly popular in the Unova region, this bassist balances her time between her band and being a Poison-type Gym Leader.
A lively Gym Leader who speeds around on roller skates, she is known as the Mega Evolution successor in her native Kalos.
A kahuna who wanders the islands of Alola and has been accepted by its guardian deities, she inherited her title and speaking style from her greatly respected grandfather.
A talented Trainer who is both a Gym Leader and a teacher in the Unova region, he is committed to fulfilling both roles well—even though he's just starting out.
Known as the rock-solid Pokémon Trainer, he is a reliable Gym Leader who watches over and supports younger Trainers.
In his sygna suit, Brock is ready for anything. His polished, rock-hard strength makes his attacks hit with the weight of a boulder.
Normally a cargo plane pilot, this Gym Leader flies through the sky with her Pokémon. Her cheery personality has earned her many fans.
Utilizing her deep knowledge of Pokémon on her journey, she looks out for all Pokémon and treats them with love. She is known for her kind personality.
His goal is to be like his dad, Norman—a Gym Leader he really looks up to. He is a bit mischievous, but he is serious about Pokémon battles.
This highly talented Trainer is said to have acquired his Pokémon battling skills on a journey around Unova. He seems calm but actually hates losing.
This highly skilled, powerhouse Trainer prominent in Kanto is the grandson of the famous Professor Oak. Red is both his lifelong rival and his best friend.
A lover of Ice-type Pokémon and a family man, this Gym Leader cried when he saw the Brycen-Man movie and became a huge fan.
She claims that attacking in battles is not her forte. She is a kind Trainer who quickly heals up Pokémon that have been injured in battle.
While she is one of the Unova Pokémon League's Elite Four, she is also a novelist who sometimes uses Trainers who challenge her as material for her books.
This passionate Gym Leader has a fixation on focus. However, she sometimes wonders if she should play it cooler as an Ice-type Pokémon user.
A lively, talkative, trend-following Gym Leader who's proud of her cute Pokémon, she cries in disappointment when she loses a battle.
This bold Gym Leader uses Grass-type  Pokémon and is quite scared of ghosts and anything that surprises her. Her fear sometimes keeps her up at night.
She is a proud, confident Gym Leader who uses Dragon-type Pokémon. Her cousin Lance is also a Dragon-type Pokémon user.
A Gym Leader with a fiery, brave personality, she can be a bit too serious and sometimes tries too hard to conduct herself properly.
One of a rare pair of twin Gym Leaders, she helps at the Mossdeep Space Center and excels at cooperation in battle—much like her twin, Tate.
This telepathic Gym Leader is Liza's twin. They are more skilled at battling together than alone, though sometimes they do disagree with each other.
This veteran Gym Leader with over 50 years experience is known as the Winter Trainer. He stays healthy with his daily routine of early morning Pokémon battling.
This Ground-type Gym Leader runs a mining company in Unova. He is a bit pushy but is admired by his employees and the community for his strong sense of justice.
One of the captains of the Alola region, she travels around at her own pace, searching for subjects for her artwork that both people and Pokémon will enjoy.
This cautious Electric-type Gym Leader sets a lot of traps in his Gym. He excels at paralyzing his opponents in battle.
This young Trainer serves as one of the captains of the Alola region. Despite his youthfulness, he is an awesome engineer who has invented many devices.
An elderly Grass-type Gym Leader with a calm nature, his work as a gardener keeps him physically strong. He'll go wherever he needs to to harvest his favorite tea leaves.
A Gym Leader who uses Rock types and works in a mine, he's good at digging holes and likes to collect fossils. He respects his father, Byron, who is also a Gym Leader.
A well-traveled camerawoman who is also a Bug-type Gym Leader, she often goes out with her older sister, Alexa.
This former movie star left the silver screen due to an on-set injury. Known for his stellar performance in the Brycen-Man movie, he is also a strong Gym Leader.
He analyzes his opponents, and his knowledge of and skills with any Pokémon are the real deal. As Factory Head, he battles challengers.
This Gym Leader loves bird Pokémon more than anything. She has passionate fans in the Fortree City Gym thanks to her graceful appearance. 
This Gym Leader is skilled with Fighting-type Pokémon and also trains his body to surf. He moved from Kanto to Hoenn for the waves.
An honors student at the Trainers' School and a proud, skillful Gym Leader, she loves Rock-type Pokémon and fossils.
The youngest Gym Leader in Johto and a lover of bug Pokémon, he has great knowledge of Bug types and wants to become a Pokémon Professor.
Known for being a bit gruff, this Frontier Brain takes on Trainers and Pokémon with passion. As Factory Head, he also has deep knowledge of Pokémon.
This stoic, masked Trainer has traveled the world and trained constantly in his pursuit of strength, rising to become one of Kanto's Elite Four.
This member of the Elite Four apparently gained the ability to commune and even converse with ghosts, thanks to her training on Mt. Pyre.
This young fighting genius is a Gym Leader who is always training with her Fighting-type Pokémon. She never forgets to express her gratitude to her opponents.
This kahuna is trusted like a big sister by her island's residents, thanks to her compassion and strength in battle. The jewelry shop she runs also handles fossils.
This Gym Leader loves the ocean so much, people say he is a bigger splash than the sea. Since his Gym is right by the ocean, he swims whenever he has no challengers.
A Gym Leader who excels at bouldering and is also a popular trendsetter, he tries to avoid sweets but they're actually one of his favorite things.
This modern-day ninja and member of the Elite Four wears down his opponents with his versatility and has also trained his daughter, Janine, in the ways of the ninja.
A Steel-type Pokémon user and member of the Elite Four who wears armor, he battles his opponents chivalrously and acknowledges their strength with respect.
This kahuna works as a police officer in the Alola region. He appears lazy, but he is truly skilled in Pokémon battles and also deeply compassionate.
A member of the Elite Four who believes that people and Pokémon can become stronger through rigorous—even extreme—training, he shouts "Hoo Hah!" to get fired up.
A genius pro golfer with a stoic personality who competes all over the world, she is also a diligent member of the Elite Four who never neglects Pokémon battles.
This old man with a passion for trivia is known as the hotheaded quiz master. He's a Fire-type Gym Leader with a veteran Trainer's skill and a researcher's knowledge.
Koga's daughter and a ninja Gym Leader, she uses Poison-type Pokémon out of respect for her father. She also likes to argue like him from time to time.
A strong-willed veteran with a penchant for battling, this member of the Elite Four tries to wear opponents down. She seems to have some history with Professor Oak.
Beneath her calm, cerebral exterior, a passion for Pokémon lurks in this Elite Four member's heart. She likes wild and tough Dark-type Pokémon.
One of the Unova League's Elite Four, he knows the difficulty in becoming strong and yet he strives to grow even stronger in battle.
This lively young Trainer's family lives among dragon Pokémon. Despite her youth, her skills in battle have made her a Champion.
Once saved by a Pokémon, now he battles as one of the Elite Four to show his gratitude. He thinks Trainers should have virtuous hearts.
This member of the Elite Four is serious about both cooking and Pokémon battles, striving to perfect them as works of art. His skill in both fields is undeniable.
She doesn't speak much and seems mysterious, but she simply doesn't like to talk and is really a Trainer with a kind heart who cares about both people and Pokémon.
An optimist whose constant smiling is infectious, he loves malasadas and fun. He takes Pokémon battles where Trainers are in sync with their Pokémon very seriously.
An incredibly impetuous, high-spirited young man who runs straight for what he wants without any hesitation, he has an earnest passion for Pokémon.
This high-spirited young lady likes to stand out and has a strong sense of justice. Her dream is to have many battles with Trainers all over the world.
This Trainer class is for new Trainers who are ready to take their important first steps toward becoming a strong Trainer on a new adventure with their Pokémon. 
A Gym Leader known as the Tomboyish Mermaid, she has an upbeat personality but also acts tough and takes rules very seriously.
