You know about the mysterious object called the Anistar Sundial, right? Apparently, even the most cutting-edge scientific techniques can't break it.
Some people call out-of-place artifacts like this "OOPArt." This might have been made with the mysterious power of Pokémon.
Why, hello, <var>! Running around all over Kalos is actually rather tiring, is it not? Oh yeah, I'm the one making you do that, aren't I? Terribly sorry about that!
Well, Serena may have already told you, but I found a way to power up the Mega Ring! Before we get to that, however...
Well, Calem may have already told you, but I found a way to power up the Mega Ring! Before we get to that, however...
Let's talk about Mega Stones briefly. My theory is that they're special stones irradiated by the light--the energy of the Legendary Pokémon Xerneas--fired from the ultimate weapon 3,000 years ago.
Let's talk about Mega Stones briefly. My theory is that they're special stones irradiated by the light--the energy of the Legendary Pokémon Yveltal--fired from the ultimate weapon 3,000 years ago.
And that's what I think they are. It's even possible that stones like Fire Stones were what turned into these Mega Stones.
So, what's the Mega Ring that you are holding? That mysterious stone transforms feelings felt toward Pokémon into some kind of wavelength.
The Mega Ring works in a similar way to how this object over here works. It's an object that changes sunlight into a mysterious light.
For one hour starting at 8 pm, this sundial starts emitting light. This mysterious object has towered over the city here for over 3,000 years. It's relationship to the Mega Ring isn't understood at all yet.
Now, let's get down to the heart of the matter! <var>! Try touching the sundial!
You were exposed to the Legendary Pokémon's energy in Team Flare's secret HQ. And the Mega Ring has absorbed the power of the sundial. These two powers have combined to upgrade your Mega Ring. Now, it will react to underground Mega Stones, but only when the sundial is emitting light. I'm sure these stones hide in every corner of Kalos! Use this power to find them!
