Congratulations! You completed the Pokédex!
Well now, let's have a look at your Pokédex!
Central Kalos Pokédex
Coastal Kalos Pokédex
Mountain Kalos Pokédex
National Pokédex
Cancel
Your Pokédex must be jam-packed with all the memories of your journey... I hope you treasure it always!
Incredible! You've already completed the Central Kalos Pokédex!
Incredible! You've already completed the Coastal Kalos Pokédex!
Incredible! You've already completed the Mountain Kalos Pokédex!
Incredible! You've already completed the National Pokédex!
Hmm... So you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon in Central Kalos, then.
Oh ho! You've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon in Coastal Kalos.
I see! You've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon in Mountain Kalos.
You've caught a total of <var> kinds of Pokémon! Fantastic!
And you caught <var> of those Pokémon species in the Kalos region!
How fantastic! You've caught every kind of Pokémon in the Kalos region!
Wow! You successfully completed the Central Kalos Pokédex! Wonderful!
Fantastic! You successfully completed the Coastal Kalos Pokédex! Great work!
Amazing! You successfully completed the Mountain Kalos Pokédex! Superb!
You have to get yourself in that tall grass if you're going to find any Pokémon!
Oh ho! The pages are getting filled in. It's starting to look good!
Some Pokémon can be hard to find, but keep on searching in the tall grass!
Battling against other Trainers is another good way to fill up your Pokédex!
Some Pokémon only appear in certain places! Keep an eye out!
Why hello! Find any Pokémon that you've taken a particular shine to yet?
Just a little bit more, and you'll have found every kind of Pokémon in the Central Kalos area!
Congratulations! You've encountered every kind of Pokémon in the Central Kalos area!
A new Pokédex means new Pokémon! How exciting!
I've heard that there are Trainers out there who have some truly rare Pokémon with them!
Some Pokémon can be found only by fishing. Aren't Pokémon fascinating?
Some Pokémon can only be seen inside caves!
Some Pokémon Abilities make it easier for you to encounter wild Pokémon!
You should try using Surf to explore new areas and find the Pokémon that live there!
Just a little bit more, and you'll have found every kind of Pokémon in the Coastal Kalos area!
Congratulations! You've encountered every kind of Pokémon in the Coastal Kalos area!
The third Pokédex of the Kalos region! I wonder what kinds of Pokémon you'll find!
It's so interesting to look at the differences between the Pokémon that live in each area!
I'll bet the Pokémon you can find in the mountains and caves are tough and rugged!
There are still many Pokémon awaiting you in locations you've yet to visit!
It's fascinating to learn how certain Pokémon evolve!
Isn't it great to learn about all of the different Pokémon that are out there?
Just a little bit more, and you'll have found every kind of Pokémon in the Mountain Kalos area!
Congratulations! You've encountered every kind of Pokémon in the Mountain Kalos area!
Keep traveling through the Kalos region, and you might find even more new encounters!
I hear there are more than 700 kinds of Pokémon to be found in the National Pokédex!
Now remember--the trick to catching a Pokémon is to lower its HP before using a Poké Ball!
Rumor has it that some Pokémon can only be encountered by hatching Eggs!
You won't be able to find all of the underwater Pokémon by fishing in just one spot!
The Sticky Hold and Suction Cups Abilities make Pokémon easier to reel in when fishing.
Pokémon with the Magnet Pull Ability can help you encounter Steel-type Pokémon more easily!
Pokémon with the Static Ability can help you encounter Electric-type Pokémon more easily!
Some Pokémon only evolve by becoming friendly with their Trainer!
Wow! You've caught 500 kinds of Pokémon! You sure are an amazing Trainer!
Some Pokémon can only evolve at certain times of day or in certain places!
There are some moves that leave Pokémon with just a tiny bit of HP left!
Some Pokémon have Abilities that prevent wild Pokémon from fleeing!
Wow, 600! Pokémon sure do live in all kinds of places!
You're a Pokémon-catching pro, you know that? My jaw drops at your incredible skills!
Trading Pokémon with friends is another great way to fill up your Pokédex!
If you have access, it might be a good idea to use the GTS, too!
Almost 700... Just a little bit more! Keep it up!
This is it! We're in the final countdown for your momentous completion of the National Pokédex!
Congratulations! This is such an emotional moment! I'm so lucky to have met you! This Pokédex could not have been completed without the sweat and hard work you put in as a Pokémon Trainer... It's a one-of-a-kind treasure chest packed full of your dreams!
You're encountering Pokémon at a really good clip, aren't you? I have something for you, so stop by the lab when you have a moment!
You're encountering Pokémon at a really good clip, aren't you? I want to give you this to help you reach your goal!
So, if you're holding an Oval Charm, Eggs are discovered at the Pokémon Day Care more easily than normal.
Holding a Shiny Charm will improve your chances of finding a Shiny Pokémon!
