It was good of you to come.
Yes... I need 30 seconds of your time. Or--three minutes only. Thirty minutes, maybe. First, you must know that I have taken the liberty of investigating you, <var>. For example, I can say that you're the newest Champion of the Kalos region. Also, I can say that you were the one to save our world from the group known as Team Flare. Good. Very good.
I have delayed in giving my introduction. My code name is--no! Hah! I mean to say, my name is Looker. I'm no more than a grim, middle-aged man who works in this town as a detective. And now, let us approach the real subject, <var>, my friend. I investigated you, yes. I called you here today, yes. The reasons for these actions? Listen well...
Lumiose City... It is a tourist destination whose name is known all over the world. Many kinds of people live here, and even more come to visit and enjoy the atmosphere. The fact is, wherever there are so many people in one place, trouble is never far behind. Trouble beckons me. Yes. Trouble troubles me. And so I arrive, and so I open this agency.
Being a detective and doing such work requires a person with a hard-boiled heart. But even a heart that embraces the loneliness can sometimes stumble, falter, doubt. And that's where you come in, kid. I want you to be my assistant. No, more than that! I want you to be my partner. If a Champion like you and an iron-jawed detective like me join forces, I promise we can bring peace to Lumiose City!
What does your heart say, <var>? Will you partner with me and fight crime?
No? <var>, my friend! This answer surprises me. It is not what I expected. I need a partner like you in order to protect the peace of this city. Reconsider, <var>. The city needs you. I need you. Will you not be my partner?
For your brave answer, I thank you. Lumiose City will regain its tranquillity! Well, I wish it could be that easy. Because even though you are Champion, you're still a rookie when it comes to detective work. And that's why I must ask you to enroll in my class in detective and espionage skills: "The Looker Method: Yes, even YOU can become a detective in five easy steps!" When you're ready to learn the meaning of "hard-boiled," just come and talk to me again.
Oh, you're ready for adventure now? Allow me to explain what you will be doing. You will need to find five Looker Tickets that have been sprinkled about Lumiose City, and then bring them back to me! There's nothing more to it! Simple as can be! The Looker Tickets will be sure to catch your eye with their glitter and sparkles. I want you to succeed, so I have left some hints in my notebook about where to find the tickets!
Ah ha, so then, it is time. Away with you to begin your training! I trust you'll live up to my hopes!
What is it, <var>? Are you feeling a bit stuck with your training? Well, you've found <var> tickets so far. Don't give up, my friend! Dive back into Lumiose City, and find those tickets!
LOOKER'S NOTEBOOK Looker Ticket Locations 1. In the Pokémon Center next to Magenta Plaza 2. In Centrico Plaza, in the tower illuminating the city 3. On Vernal Avenue, at a shop selling medicines 4. On North Boulevard, 1F, in a place where people rest 5. On North Boulevard, 1F, in a place filled with art
Ein, tvo, tri, fjore... Fif! Five Looker Tickets! Congratulations, <var>! You have completed your training using my patented course, "The Looker Method: Yes, even YOU can become a detective in five easy steps!" From this day onward, you are a fully fledged, completely boiled detective!
...Ahem! With that accomplished, let me issue my request once more. <var>, be my crime-fighting partner?
Excellent. It will be an honor for you to serve as an official member of the Looker Bureau! And... as partner to the one and only Looker! I'll send you a message on your Holo Caster whenever we have a job to do!
Pardon? No? ... Listen, <var>. This answer is not acceptable. I need a partner like you in order to fight crime and protect the peace of this city!
... ... ... To complete my patented training course, "The Looker Method: Yes, even YOU can become a detective in five easy steps!" in so little time and with such ease... <var>, you truly are a masterful Trainer. The big case on which I have been at work... It is a certainty. We will crack this case together. And, as for what is past, old friend, be patient. Justice will be served--enough for all!
Ah! It is my partner, <var>! We have not had a single case come to us here at the Looker Bureau! In other words, Lumiose City is at peace... And I'm out of a job and a paycheck! I'll send you a message just as soon as we get a case. Watch your Holo Caster! I'm looking forward to your help once we get a big case to crack!
LOOKER'S MOST SECRET DIARY The XXth day of the XXth month... I have finally had the great fortune to find a partner in this Kalos region.
Yes
No
<var> found a Looker Ticket!
<var> put the Looker Ticket in hiser KEY ITEMS Pocket!
You found a Looker Ticket! Looker Tickets remaining: <var>/5
Incoming message on your Holo Caster!
There is something written on the reverse side of the ticket...
Congratulations! You've found a ticket! Your brilliant deduction has brought you one step closer to becoming a detective!
Congratulations! You've found a ticket! Just as I would expect of my colleague-to-be, <var>! March on! March on! Dive deep into Lumiose City!
Congratulations! You've found a ticket! Your training is coming along smoothly! If my deductions are correct, I would say that this is the third ticket you've tracked down. Which would mean you are now more than halfway through your training! Lumiose is an imposing city, but do your best!
Congratulations! You've found a ticket! Shall I share my diagnostics with you again? This ticket must be... your fourth ticket. Correct, yes? I imagine you are consumed with curiosity. How could I possibly know this? The answer to that is simply-- I am a hard-boiled detective, after all!
Congratulations! You've found a ticket! If you have gathered all five tickets, make your way straight to the Looker Bureau! Your training continues until we meet again! Remember that, brave <var>!
