The ultimate weapon's flower has finally bloomed above the soil. Don't you find its beauty captivating? As we speak, it draws its energy from the Legendary Pokémon.
<var>! I apologize that the weapon was unearthed even after you chose correctly in the lab. But conflicting egos drive this world--things don't always go the way you want!
We're not going to let you use the ultimate weapon!
Ultimate weapon? We won't let you use it!
Even though resources, space, and energy on this planet are limited, the number of people and Pokémon has increased to an unsustainable level. Whether it's money or energy, the ones who steal are the ones who win in this world.
But that doesn't give you the right to destroy everyone but the ones Team Flare chooses!
So what? That doesn't give you the right to destroy everyone except the few that Team Flare chooses!
So, tell me. The Mega Ring, did you share it?
That's different! We competed for it, but...
That's different! We did compete to see who got it, but...
When there is only one of something, it can't be shared. When something can't be shared, it will be fought over. And when something is fought over, some must survive without it. The only way to create a world where people live in beauty, a world without conflict or theft, is to reduce the number of living things.
What about Pokémon?
What about Pokémon?
...
Tears... Why?!
Why...are you crying?
Pokémon... Shall no longer exist. Pokémon are wonderful beings. Humans have worked with Pokémon, and we have helped each other flourish. But precisely because of that, they will inevitably become tools for war and theft!
Enough of this. You want to stop the ultimate weapon, and I refuse to do so. So, I will keep you busy for just a moment...
You're as strong as ever. But... It's too late! There's no hope for you now! Go down to the lowest floor, and see for yourself!
It's not over yet!
<var>! Let's look for the Legendary Pokémon! Trainers are protected by Pokémon, but they protect Pokémon, too, right? Look! You can see the entrance to the lower floors over there!
It's not over until it's over!
<var>! Let's look for the Legendary Pokémon! Trainers are protected by Pokémon, but they protect Pokémon, too, right? Look! That's the entrance to the lower floors over there!
It was 3,000 years ago... The ultimate weapon was used, and many Pokémon lost their lives...
I've been saved by Lysandre's support...
I'll leave my fate to Lysandre, but I'm worried about tomorrow!
The Pokémon attached to the stones on Route 10 are an energy source for using the ultimate weapon.
We're absorbing the energy from the mysterious tree. But that's it. There isn't a Pokémon anywhere near here.
We're absorbing the energy from the mysterious cocoon. But that's it. There isn't a Pokémon anywhere near here.
All systems are go for the ultimate weapon. All we have to do is charge it using every bit of that thing's power.
Everyone in the whole world must be happy before any one person can be happy. But the world is too big, and there are too many people and Pokémon, so there isn't enough happiness to go around...
