Hello...
I have to apologize to you about Lysandre... I'm very sorry for the trouble he caused...
And I'd also like to thank you! I'm sincerely grateful for what you did for all of the Pokémon and people of this world. And by stopping Team Flare, you also saved Lysandre.
I always knew that he desired a beautiful world...
And maybe someday the population of people and Pokémon will actually increase to where resources become very scarce. If someone acts out of greed in such a world, surely some will go without.
If all living things keep acting that way, there will be nothing left at all in the end. Why, there won't even be anything left to steal, will there?
But what I really wanted was for him to put his ego aside and lead everything to greater heights. I never had this discussion with him, though. So I'm partially responsible for this.
Well, enough of that. <var>! I want you and your Pokémon to take everything you learned from your journey and hit me with your very best shot!
The strength you've found is simply marvelous! And...
You truly love and trust your Pokémon!
<var>! A treasure of mine is hidden in this town! If you'd like, try to find it. Well, I'll be off then! I have many preparations I must attend to! I have a little surprise planned for all of you to thank you for fighting Team Flare and saving Kalos!
It's a message written in neatly carved letters.
"To the person reading this: What are you like now? Did you become who you wanted to be? For starters, what was the person you wanted to become even like? I don't know, but it would be wonderful if you can boast that you're living each day to its fullest. To future Sycamore. From the Sycamore dreaming of the future."
Powerful moves have fewer PP, which is short for Power Points. Accomplished Trainers use PP Up on such moves.
I really like the story of the Magikarp climbing the waterfall.
Are you familiar with the Abilities that keep Pokémon from fleeing battle? Tee hee hee! Those Abilities don't work on Ghost-type Pokémon!
In an album, you see pictures that make you remember the excitement you felt at that time. In Dendemille Town, you can make Pokémon remember moves they once knew...
How about Couriway Town's famous Fresh Water? It's $300 a bottle!
Fresh Water! Fresh Water!
Here's something extra. Take it now. Don't be shy.
Couriway Town's Fresh Water! Only a pro can tell the difference in taste!
Please stop by again tomorrow!
It's worth no less than $300. I can't bring the price down $1.
Wow. You can't hold any more. Are you a Fresh Water hoarder?
I have two of the TM for U-turn. Here, I'll share one with you.
That guy is always changing his mind... Well, one U-turn deserves another...
Couriway Town A town connecting differences.
Couriway Station
Trainer Tips! Pokémon lured to you by the item Honey or the move Sweet Scent will appear in hordes!
