It's really cold in here, isn't it, <var>?
Is there something going on up ahead?
This Abomasnow is a fine specimen! It's absolutely brimming with energy. The more we agitate it, the stronger its Snow Warning Ability becomes, making the snow fall even more furiously.
Let's catch it swiftly and get out of here.
Snowww...
Hey!
Hey, you Poké Ball thieves! What are you doing here?!
What does it look like? We're catching Pokémon. Why else would we have grabbed all of those Poké Balls?
It was all so we could catch powerful Pokémon like this Abomasnow. It's full of potent energy!
Energy?
You're not the brightest one, are you? Whoever has the most Pokémon and the most energy will come out on top! Lazy people who just wait for things to be handed to them don't get to have these resources!
But why is Team Flare amassing Pokémon, energy, and money? To put it another way, why is Team Flare always trying to take everything for itself?
Allow me to spell it out for you! It's so Team Flare--and only Team Flare--can survive! After all, why should we care about saving people who aren't on our side? Anyway, I don't mind a healthy curiosity, but I'm afraid I just don't have any more time for you.
<var>... Did they say only Team Flare will survive? These people have a few screws loose...
You two--hurry up and send these kids packing!
Yes, ma'am!
Right away!
Let's go! Team Flare! This is the trademark pose of Team Flare! It's the very definition of fashionable!
I may have lost... I may have lost, but... Isn't this winter wonderland beautiful? Almost as beautiful as the Team Flare pose...
You'd better chill it with the questions and mind your manners, kid.
Yikes! Um... If I'm facing Mightyena, I should be using...
Hmm... You're more powerful than you look. I wonder how much energy there is inside you.
Hrmph! I've no patience for losing.
Let's get out of here!
Doesn't battling with Team Flare scare you, <var>? I'll admit it scares me. I don't like battling them...
But we managed to protect Abomasnow by pitching in there. I know I'm the reserved type, and I'm OK with that, but it's important to be bold when necessary.
Mamoswine doesn't have to worry about Abomasnow anymore, and that's what matters. All's well that ends well!
Snooowww!
What's this? It looks like Abomasnow wants to give you something...
Snowww!
