Well, well. What do we have here? A nosy little Trainer has come poking around. Listen up! We're the fashionable team whose very name makes people tremble in fear: Team Flare!
Team Flare's goal is to make it so we're the only ones who are happy! We don't care one bit about what happens to other Trainers or Pokémon.
Get out of here, kid. Don't you know not to play with fire?
So don't! It doesn't really matter though. Someday everyone not in Team Flare is going to get burned anyway.
Getting my fancy suit dirty isn't the stylish way to do things, but if you insist... I'll obliterate you! Get himer, Houndour!
I feel like a broken record. You're in the way. Don't you know not to pick fights?
What's this? You're a pretty tough Pokémon Trainer, for a kid. But watch yourself! I'm not the only member of Team Flare.
Team Flare is awesome and for winners! It's stylish and awesome!
We're Team Flare! We put the fashion into fear!
Oh man! My favorite, fashionable Team Flare suit is filthy!
We're gonna take everyone else down so we can do what WE want!
You should keep your nose out of adults' business, kid!
We were looking for Fossils but discovered a kid!
If we can restore Fossils, we can make some good money!
<var>.
There are two members of Team Flare... Well then, are you ready to team up and battle them?
I just fought with another one of these Team Flare guys.
If you just want to make people in Team Flare happy, why don't you just do that? But if you're going to go around threatening other people, we won't let you get away with it!
Need to get ready? OK! I'll be waiting.
I'm a Trainer! Protecting my partners is what I do... Come on, let's go look for that researcher from the Fossil Lab.
<var>.
So, there are two members of Team Flare this time... Are you ready to battle alongside me, neighbor?
I just fought with another one of these Team Flare guys.
If you're just trying to make yourselves happy, I won't stop you. But when you threaten people, it's like who do you think you are, anyway?
You have to prepare? Got it!
I'm a Pokémon Trainer. Protecting Pokémon is what I do. C'mon, let's go look for that researcher from the Fossil Lab.
Why, hello! Here to look for Fossils as well?
Are you OK? Did Team Flare come here?
Was Team Flare here?
Teemphlair? What's that? A Pokémon?
Don't worry about it.
It looks like he was completely absorbed in looking for Fossils...
Never mind...
Guess he was so absorbed with looking for Fossils, he didn't notice.
You two are very lucky! I just now found two Fossils! But they're both ones I already have, so I'll give one to each of you!
Do you want the <var> or the <var>?
<var>
<var>
It's the <var>. It looks like it could chew up anything...
It's the <var>. It shines with all the colors of the rainbow...
Is this the Fossil you want?
All right! Do you want the <var> or the <var>?

It's OK. You can choose first, <var>.
Go ahead and choose first, <var>.
Did you find him?
Is he there?
Well then, I'll take this one.
I'll take this one, then.
I'll restore your Fossils and turn them back into Pokémon at the Fossil Lab! Hope to see you there!
Well, we went looking for the assistant, and we found that suspicious group called Team Flare as well... I guess I should train more so I can travel safely with those Team Flare people running around. In that case, I guess the best thing to do would be challenge the Cyllage City Gym.
So, we went looking for the assistant, and we found that suspicious group called Team Flare as well... Still, with those Team Flare people running around, it would be better to train more so I can travel safely. I guess the best thing to do to get tougher is challenge the Cyllage City Gym.
