I'll have a look in back!
Ouaf!
Please! Don't run away!

<var>! Give me a hand!
That path over there leads to a dead end! Let's split up, chase Furfrou, and corner it in there!
I'll keep it from getting away, so pick a spot for me to stand. Somewhere like...
Over there...
Let me know when you've decided where I should stand! If the two of us work together, we can solve this puzzle and catch Furfrou!
OK! I'll wait here!
Sure thing! I'll follow you!
Where should I wait? Around here? Is this place OK?
Got it! ♪
Oh... OK. Where should I wait?
Should I wait in a different place?
OK, I'll follow you!
OK! I'll wait here! ♪
Maybe it would be better for me to wait where I can see in several directions...
<var>! Know what I think?
This IS a puzzle! We have to corner it where the path leads to a dead end, right? Hmm. Maybe I should wait by the entrance.
<var>, <var>! I've got it! If I wait here, we can catch it for sure! I think we've just about got this puzzle licked!
<var>! Don't give up! I believe in you!
Hey, <var>? Are we close to cornering it? Maybe it would be better if I waited over there?
Phew! Well done! We finally caught it!
<var>, you're amazing! ♪ We caught it because you understand how Pokémon feel!
Oh! My dear Furfrou! My beloved Furfrou!
Could you be the two responsible for my wonderfrou reunion with my dear Furfrou?
How wonderfrou indeed! It's marvelous, simply marvelous!
A situation like this demands fireworks! We shall put on a show--boom, boom!
My Pokémon and I are reunited! Our bond has been proven! We'll commemorate this joyous occasion with a tremendous fireworks display!
And it will also serve as a reward for the tiny bit of trouble you went to. Rendezvous at the balcony. Do you understand? Ren-dez-vous. You can reach the balcony from the hall with mirrors on the second floor.
Maybe Furfrou would've been better off if we hadn't found it...
If I were a Pokémon, I'd hate to have a Trainer like that!
But I really love fireworks, so let's make the best of it!
I can't wait to see the fireworks! ♪ C'mon, let's go to the balcony! It's on the second floor, right? ♪
Folks with the Bug Badge can use the move Cut to chop down trees with prickly thorns. There's an HM for Cut somewhere in the garden. You can take it with you if you'd like.
I heard an ancient king made rules about when to view this garden. Didn't he have anything better to make rules about?
I wonder how many people and Pokémon it takes to make a garden this big!
I always wanted to be a princess... But I've given up on that dream! I would get lost in here all the time!
Parfum Palace is a palace among palaces! You could say it's the king of palaces, the premier palace!
A Furfrou flew by, toward the back of the garden...
The Kalos region and the Unova region must have been in contact with each other.
The Pokémon statue near the entrance is Reshiram, and this statue is Zekrom. They're both Legendary Pokémon of the Unova region.
I heard in the past, the king would invite everyone to the garden for parties.
The king who built this palace ruled the entire Kalos region all on his own, just like an ancient king from 3,000 years ago.
It's a statue of Reshiram--the Pokémon that helps those who seek to build a world of truth.
It's a statue of Zekrom--the Pokémon that assists those who seek to make an ideal world.
It's a statue of a Poké Ball added in a later era.
