Hey, <var>? Will you have a battle with me? I think you're in for a surprise!
Hey, <var>? Would you battle with us?
My Pokémon and I will show you what makes us special!
Oh, that's disappointing.
When we first set off on our journey, I thought it was really important how different I was from everyone else. But that doesn't really matter, does it? Of course I'm different from others. I'm the only me!
<var>, this is for you!
That's right. I found two Absolite! I wanted to share one with you... Maybe it will help show Lysandre there's something to be hopeful for.
I have a message from Professor Sycamore. He says he may have unraveled part of the secret of the Mega Ring and the Mega Stones. He should be waiting by the sundial in Anistar City.
<var>. Battle with me! My new partner can do something that'll really surprise you!
<var>. Will you battle with us?
En garde!
That's pretty cold.
When we first set off on our journey, I thought it was really important how different I was from everyone else. But that doesn't really matter, does it? Of course I'm different from others. There's only one me, right?
<var>, this is for you!
That's right. It's Absolite. I found two of them. After everything we said to Lysandre, it just wouldn't be right if I didn't share one with you.
I have a message from Professor Sycamore. He says he may have unraveled part of the secret of the Mega Ring and the Mega Stones. He should be waiting by the sundial in Anistar City.
You wouldn't happen to be <var>, would you? I saw you in the parade.
That's right.
No, sir.
I knew it! You're everything I'd expect someone who holds the Honor of Kalos to be! I'm so grateful to you for stopping Team Flare! Please take this small token of my appreciation.
How humble and elegant! I can tell it's you, because you have the Honor of Kalos! That's the amazing Trainer who stopped Team Flare for you! I'm so moved. Please take this with you.
Use the Vs. Recorder to record Battle Videos of battles with friends or battles in special facilities! What's more, if you connect to the Internet, you can upload your Battle Videos! You can also search for Battle Videos that others have uploaded by entering a code.
The Friend Safari is odd. Different Pokémon show up in my Safari and my friend's.
In the Battle Maison, you can team up with friends and take on a Multi Battle!
I came to the Battle Maison so that I can amass lots of BP, er...Battle Points, and trade them for items!
The more Pokémon battles I have, the more things I want to try... And there are so many Pokémon I want to raise... I need more hours in the day!
Kiloude City A kind, sweet, and exquisite city.
Friend Safari Friend codes bring new surprises!
Kiloude Station
Battle Maison Run by four fabulous sisters.
Right now, I'm just having the best...slump.
I really want to paint a girl wearing pastel colors, lace, ribbons...that kind of thing! I need to see a girl in a very feminine outfit for inspiration!
I really want to paint a boy wearing a vividly colored hat! And sneakers! I need to see a colorful outfit for inspiration!
That's it! You're quite a feminine-looking girl! I've got it! Brilliant! Perfect! I feel like I can paint a wonderful picture now! Here! Take this as thanks!
That's it! You have quite a colorful look going on! I've got it! Brilliant! Perfect! I feel like I can paint a wonderful picture! Here! Take this as my thank-you!
<var> received the <var>!
<var> put the <var> in the Travel Trunk.
Thanks to you, I can paint a really great picture! Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
