Y'know what? Ice is both extremely hard and terribly fragile at the same time. You know what that means? Depending on which Pokémon you choose and what moves they use, I could be your most challenging opponent yet or I could be a total pushover. But that's all right. That's how it should be! Anyway, enough of my rambling! Let's get this show on the road!
Impressive! Your Pokémon fought with great courage. I can tell that you've trained your Pokémon well.
<var> received the Iceberg Badge from Wulfric!
What you have right there is called the Iceberg Badge! As long as you have that, any and all of your Pokémon will surely look up to you and do their absolute best in battle. Let me give you this, too.
You know what this is? It's Ice Beam! This move has an accuracy of 100 percent! Not only that, but every once in a while it will freeze the target it hits, too!
I hope you've learned a valuable lesson today. Being rigid can make you tough, but it will also render you fragile. You're better off being flexible. You know what I mean? Some people are fluid like water and can adapt to their environment without changing what's important on the inside. Not me, though. I guess I'm too stubborn. Maybe that's why I love Ice types.
Ice-type Pokémon are cold to the touch. Give one a hug and you're in for a chill. But you know what? They're only cold on the outside. On the inside, they have hearts as warm as anyone!
What's the dice, chunk of ice? How's my favorite future Champ?
As you can see, this Snowbelle City Gym is the place to be if you love Ice types! But you've already seized seven Badges from Gym Leaders all across Kalos, right? I'm sure you don't need any hints from a guy like me anymore! Am I right? Right! One more to go, eh? Go show 'em what you're made of, future Champ!
Congrats on smashing our Gym Leader to pieces! I knew you could do it, Champ! In honor of you and your team, we carved your name on our mysterious, frozen statues there!
Snowbelle City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Wulfric Certified Trainers:
Snowbelle City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Wulfric Certified Trainers: <var>
