You there!
I came in place of Dexio to tell you something. There's a person here in Anistar City who knows about the Legendary Pokémon.
Oh, I almost forgot! I brought you some gifts! Put them to good use!
Repeat Balls make it easier to catch kinds of Pokémon that you've caught before! Even though they're the same species, the strengths and Natures of individual Pokémon can be really different.
<var>!
Let me show you how much stronger I am! I did say we were going to be rivals back in that café in Lumiose City, after all.
My Pokémon are so much stronger now, but you and your Pokémon are still one step ahead of us... Anyway, I'll heal your Pokémon. Here.
You and your Pokémon are good enough to beat the Gym Leader. Go for it!
<var>!
I can't keep losing to someone who started the journey at the same time as me! Let's battle!
My Pokémon are a lot stronger now, but you and your Pokémon are still just a little bit out of our reach... Here, I should heal your Pokémon.
You're strong. I knew there would be lots of tough Trainers out in the world, but I wouldn't have guessed that my neighbor would turn out to be the one to beat! Well, just keep doing what you're doing and defeat that Gym Leader.
I'm sure getting the Psychic Badge wasn't too much trouble for you. Right, <var>?
I think I'll challenge you to a daily battle when this trip is all said and done. Seems like the neighborly thing to do!
Let's have a rematch! Battling tough Trainers is the best way to get stronger, after all!
What could this be?
I'm sure getting the Psychic Badge wasn't too much trouble for you. Right, <var>?
Ready for a rematch?
I think it would be fun to compete with my neighbor to be the best in Kalos. But I can't claim to be competing with you until I beat you at least once!
What's this?
What...was Lysandre saying?
Wiping the slate clean? Eliminating everyone but Team Flare?!
<var>! Let's look for Team Flare's headquarters! Where could Lysandre be? Perhaps he's where we first met him... In Lumiose City...
What...was Lysandre saying?
Wiping the slate clean? Eliminating everyone but Team Flare?!
<var>! Let's split up and look for Team Flare's base! Where could Lysandre be, though... We first met him in Lumiose City... Maybe he's there?
The tip of a sundial's shadow... If we were in a mystery novel, there would probably be something buried there!
Even if I lose something, Luxray finds it for me! Pokémon are mysterious and amazing!
Did you know that there are moondials, too?
If you just have Pokémon by your side, you'll be A-Inkay!
The part of me that wants to challenge the Gym is fighting with the part of me that's scared of losing! So I never get to the point of challenging the Pokémon Gym...
I hope I still have Pokémon when I grow up. 'Cause when I have kids, I want to trade Pokémon with them.
Those red suits would look dreadful on me, so I didn't join Team Flare.
I just want to give a big merci to a world filled with Pokémon.
Anistar City The starry city marking the hours.
Anistar City Pokémon Gym Leader: Olympia The person who makes paths with starlight.
Trainer Tips! Items you've used will move to a place in the Bag where they're easy to reach. Make good use of this mysterious and convenient function!
Team Flare forever! Because this outfit adds extra pizzazz to drinking espresso at Lysandre Café!
Do you know where Magenta Plaza is? It's next to the Pokémon Center by Prism Tower, which is in the center of Lumiose City. There's nothing quite like the coffee from the café next to Magenta Plaza.
