Hi, <var>!
Hey, that's the Fairy Badge! It's so cute and sparkly! ♪
Know what? We're going to go tour the Poké Ball Factory! Come with us! ♪
I'm interested in Poké Balls because they're used to catch Pokémon! To put it another way, I'm utterly fascinated by them!
Poké Balls from the Poké Ball Factory are sent to Poké Marts all over the Kalos region.
Team Flare stole the Poké Balls, but the people at the Poké Ball Factory said it will be OK!
Poké Balls don't hurt anything, but people who misuse them do!
The building that's part of the biggest tree in town is Laverre City's Pokémon Gym! Actually, it's the building right next to us.
Boing boing! Here! You can have this TM I found!
Pokémon hit by Torment can't use the same move two times in a row. What does the name "Torment" mean, anyway? Trying to figure it out is driving me crazy!
It's mysterious... So very mysterious... The Ability called Pixilate somehow turns Normal-type moves into Fairy-type moves.
It sure seems like my Pokémon is getting stronger really fast. Could it be because we play together every day?
Aaarrgh! Where did they go? I'll get that stuck-up girl and that little smarty-pants for this!
Man, these red suits are hard to run in. I'll never catch up to those kids! But the admins are sure gonna be grumpy about this...
You know what? I'm quitting Team Flare. So I want you to have this.
I have great memories of being in Team Flare... It was hard to feel blue when I was in the red!
I'm shocked... You have a Pokédex, but you still don't know... You really don't know anything about Pokémon connected to Gengar, do you? Well then, I guess I'll just have to keep this wonderful item I was going to give you...
What's this?! I see... Perhaps a Trainer as accomplished as you can get the most out of this.
Some Pokémon evolve when sent to someone by Link Trade. That's right. Haunter is one of those Pokémon. I'm all on my own, so I don't have anyone to Link Trade with. I'll use the GTS or Wonder Trade.
C'mon... You've gotta tell me... How in the world do you get a Gengar?! It can't be... It's inconceivable! You must have a friend who will trade Pokémon with you!

My Pokémon is always with me, so I'm never alone!
Sorry to bother you, but I like little tiny things. Tiny Pokémon are the most interesting! I particularly like Pokémon that have a height of 12 inches or less. By the way... Do you have any tiny Pokémon? If you do, could you show me?
Will you show me a tiny Pokémon?
Wow! Amazing! <var> is so tiny! I wonder what it would feel like to become <var>... I bet I'd get a way different outlook on life... Just imagining it gets me excited! Tiny things are super interesting!
Hm... You don't even have a teensy number of tiny Pokémon. I'd sure like to see a Pokémon that's 12 inches high or smaller...
Thanks for showing me a tiny Pokémon! It was super interesting! I'd sure like it if you'd show me one again tomorrow...
You know what?! I love really big things! My favorite Pokémon are big ones, too! What I mean by big, you know, is being taller than 9'10"! C'mon! If you have a big Pokémon, show it to me!
Have you come to show me a big Pokémon?
Wow! Amazing! <var> is sooo big! Riding on <var> would be so much fun! When you look from high places, you can see rooftops and faraway mountains and other things you usually can't see. That's why I like big things so much!
What?! No big Pokémon for me? I wanna see a Pokémon bigger than 9'10"!
Big thanks for showing me a big Pokémon! I'd be even happier if you'd show me one tomorrow, too!
Laverre City The city of otherworldly dreams.
Laverre City Pokémon Gym Leader: Valerie The maiden from a land with history.
