I really love this place! When I'm here with my Pokémon, looking at the wide-open sky above, all my worries disappear, and I feel like I can do anything!
Thanks for coming all the way up here.
It was decided that this must be the place where the Mega Ring is handed over. Something about making sure we never forget to set our sights as high as the sky.
And here it is--your very own Mega Ring! It's in the shape of a bracelet, so it's super easy to wear!
Give your Pokémon the right Mega Stone, and try battling with it! Your Pokémon will surely answer the call of the Mega Ring!
Hmm? Lucario, what's wrong?
Grrrooof!
Lucario, are you sure? You want to battle alongside that Trainer?
Grrrooof!
I don't know what to say... I'm a bit shocked that some traveling Trainer seems to have a stronger bond with you than I do...
Haha! Well, she must be something special! So, whaddya say, Trainer? Will you and Lucario battle against me and my Lucario?
A Lucario-on-Lucario battle! It will be nothing short of riveting. They both have Lucarionite in hand! How about we get this show on the road?
Oh, come on! Both are at the ready with Lucarionite! Let's battle!
I can feel Lucario's passion. Perhaps it's just that it doesn't want to lose to the other Lucario, but it may be that it's just on the same wavelength as you...
Ready, Lucario?
Let's give it all we've got!
What an explosive battle! I could tell that both Mega Lucario didn't hold anything back! With strong bonds like that, you shouldn't have any trouble triggering your Pokémon's Mega Evolution!
As long as Pokémon and Trainers have the kindness to care for each other and give each other courage, the world will be full of smiles!
I really want you to give Lucario a chance to see what Mega Evolution is like!
I think it would be best if you took that Lucario along with you on your journey. It's quite apparent that you two make a truly incredible team!
Grrrooof!
Grrrooof!
Grrrooof! Lucario is staring intently at <var>. Will you take Lucario with you?
Give a nickname to Lucario?
Wow! You sure do have a lot of Pokémon friends along with you! If you want to take Lucario on your journey, come back when you have some room!
Really? I thought the two of you would have made a great team...
<var> equipped the Mega Ring on hiser left wrist!
Lucario has been transferred to the PC Box!
There is no room left in the PC!
Your party is full! Please choose a Pokémon to send to the PC Box.
