Hey, <var>! How's your journey going?
Hello, <var>! Let's compare our Coastal Kalos Pokédexes and see who has seen more kinds of Pokémon! To put it another way, I'm challenging you to my own kind of Pokémon battle.
So, you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon... I lost. How frustrating!
So, you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon... I've seen 39, so I guess I win!
We've both seen 39 kinds of Pokémon. Well, I may not have won, but I didn't lose either. In other words, it's a tie!
Oh! So, you've seen Kangaskhan, too, <var>? Just knowing about the same Pokémon as someone else can sure make you happy!
Get this! I've found some great Pokémon dancers!
Oh yes, I just remembered. The professor told us to say hello to the Mega Evolution guru when we reached Shalour City...
That's right! He did say that!
Ummm... Who were we supposed to say hello to again?
A person called the Mega Evolution guru.
Oh, that's right! He did say that!
Well, I guess we should look for the Mega Evolution guru, then!
Where do you think he is anyway?
I heard he's in that imposing building deep in the city--the Tower of Mastery.
There sure are lots of different Pokémon in Trevs's Pokédex.
Maybe it would be best if we went to the Tower of Mastery now.
<var>, check this out!
A new dance?
Check what out?
Isn't this stone cool? I got it from this person called the wandering stone collector for showing off my dance moves! It might be a Mega Stone! Here, <var>, you can have it!
I want you to have it, 'cause you're such a great Trainer and all... I still remember our battle on Route 5.
That's the Tower of Mastery? Sooo cool!
Well, I'll go call Trevs, then. Go on ahead, OK?
Here, neighbor. You should use this.
If you use the HM Surf, you can travel over the water.
When I think about it, it's kind of amazing how a person like you came to Kalos and ended up traveling with me. It's like destiny in a way.
Here, take this.
If you use the HM Surf, you can travel over the water.
I'll challenge you to battle again sometime. That's the best way to get strong, after all. I was lucky enough to meet you and end up traveling together, so I'd better take advantage of the opportunity to battle.

I'm really sorry, but I'm looking for something.
I just can't seem to find it... It's such an intriguing stone, too... Hey, could that be it? Is that the stone I'm looking for?
What luck! Here, I'll give you this Sun Stone for it! It's a mysterious stone that makes certain Pokémon evolve.
<var> handed over the Intriguing Stone.
It's a funny thing. You tend to come across rare stones in Shalour City. I'll bet the Mega Evolution guru'll be really happy if this is a Mega Stone.
Hm... A team like you and <var> can accomplish anything! I think in this town anyway... I haven't really been anywhere else.
When you act like Pokémon exist only to battle, then winning or losing becomes the only thing that matters. That can make everything a lot less fun.
Traditionally Pokémon battles were a ritual that people and Pokémon used to learn about and accept one another.
So, I know this Hiker who really likes Ferris wheels. It looks like he finally found love...
There sure are a lot of different items to make Pokémon's power bloom in full!
A Mega Stone is kind of like a good-luck charm for Pokémon.
Smooth, flat stones reflect light consistently, so you can see reflections in them.
The Leader, Korrina, is in the Tower of Mastery doing some intensive training.
I want to be more awesome than I am now! I know Trainers and Pokémon both feel that way!
Know how your hair sticks out all over the place when you wake up? Think Mega Evolution is like that?
Shalour City A city of awakening.
Trainer Tips! In Super Training, you can make your Pokémon strong by having them play sports in virtual space!
Shalour City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Korrina The Evolution fighter!
Tower of Mastery The tower of further awakenings.
