I've been waiting in eager anticipation! What have I been waiting for? For a worthy challenger to appear! It's quite an achievement to have climbed all the way up here. Very impressive, actually! I have a feeling that our battle will turn out to be worth the wait! I hope you'll show me that your skill as a Trainer surpasses even mine.
There are some things that seem out of reach no matter how hard you try. However, it's important that you never give up-- no matter the opponent or the odds. I could tell from our battle that you and your Pokémon understand that. To commemorate such an impressive show of teamwork, please accept the Cliff Badge!
<var> received the Cliff Badge from Grant!
With the Cliff Badge in your grasp, you should have no issues working together with Pokémon up to level 40. This even applies to Pokémon you've received from other people in trade. And that's not all. You also get...this!
It's Rock Tomb. With this move, a Pokémon can hurl rocks at its target, not only inflicting damage but also lowering the target's Speed and preventing it from moving.
Now that you've become a master wall climber and conquered this Gym, it's time you thought about how to apply your skills in other areas! Think about how you can improve yourself, as well as the Pokémon that are always by your side. When you find the answer, that's when you'll truly be able to smile!
Have you heard of the Battle Chateau on Route 7? I like to take the occasional trip there. If it pleases you, I hope you might honor me with a rematch there someday.
Hey, hey, it's the future Champ! What's goin' down?
This is the Rock-type Pokémon Gym, but you already figured that out, am I right? Rock types are great, aren't they? Weak to Steel, Water, and all kinds of things! Now check out that wall. You can climb it if you start from one of those blue spots. Left, right, up, down--you'll need to climb every which way to reach the Gym Leader!
Looks like our Gym Leader wasn't much of an obstacle for you! Good job and all that! We've gone and engraved your name on those mysterious statues there!
Cyllage City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Grant Certified Trainers:
Cyllage City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Grant Certified Trainers: <var>
