Oh dear... If you're here for the Bicycle race, I'm afraid you're too late. The race is over, and I took first place.
I feel bad that you missed it. Here--allow me to give you this Strength HM in consolation. If one of your Pokémon uses the move, it will be able to push large rocks around.
However, if you want to use the move outside of battle, you'll first need a Badge from the Gym I run in this city. On that note, I'll be waiting for you in the Gym. Come challenge me at your leisure.
Whether on the back of a Pokémon or on a Bicycle, I just love riding!
No luck fishing? Try another spot! Move not very effective? Try another one! When things don't go well, it's always a good idea to try something else.
In a Bicycle race, I have to work with my teammates to seize victory. It's a bit like the relationship between a Trainer and a Pokémon.
Sometimes I like to hop on my Bicycle and go for a ride just to get some exercise! In a Pokémon battle, it's the Pokémon doing all the work, so it's important for a Trainer to move, too!
I always think very carefully about which Poké Ball I use when trying to catch a new Pokémon!
It's always so hard for me to decide what items to give to my Pokémon... Do I give them something to boost their strong points or something that covers for their weak points?
I'm gonna get better and stronger and then climb the Tower of Mastery in Shalour City! First things first--I'm off to defeat Grant, the Gym Leader of this city!
You'll find the Gym Leader in this city at the top of that hill over there! I may have lost to him in the Bicycle race, but I'll get my revenge in a Pokémon battle!
I love being connected with the Holo Caster. It feels good to always be up to date on the latest and greatest news.
Hello there! Could I tempt you with some super-refreshing Soda Pop? Only $300 a bottle! How about it?
Here's your Soda Pop! Enjoy!
Your Bag's so full, I don't think you can fit any Soda Pop in there!
Sorry, but I'm not running a charity here!
I'll be here, so come back anytime you'd like some delicious Soda Pop!
OK! Twelve bottles of Soda Pop! Enjoy!
I'll take one.
I'll take a dozen!
I'll pass.
Cyllage City The city of peaceful strolls.
Cyllage City Pokémon Gym Leader: Grant The wild, yet cool and collected, rock climber.

Trainer Tips! To teach a Pokémon a move from a TM, open your Bag and go to the TMs & HMs Pocket. From there, choose the TM that contains the move you want to teach to your Pokémon. Once you've done that, you'll be able to select a Pokémon that can learn the move. All that's left is to confirm your selection, and your Pokémon will learn the move!
What secret do the stones contain? Why are they able to absorb energy?
Just what kind of technology did they have 3,000 years ago?
I still don't have any regrets about joining Team Flare!
