Good timing! ♪ They're just about to turn on the lights!
Look! It's Clemont! He's Lumiose City's Gym Leader! He's also good at inventing things, and he makes all kinds of devices!
Those two are my friends!
Aren't you done yet?
Not quite... I just have to check on the lighting circuit here.
Oh, Shauna! And you are...a challenger? Sorry, but could you wait a moment?
C'mon, Clemont!
All right! Everything's ready! The future is now, thanks to science! Prism Tower lighting system... ACTIVATE!
I think you call this feeling being "entranced," right?
Now, I have another great memory with you, <var>! ♪
Excellent... My Prism Tower lighting system worked brilliantly, just like all my inventions.
Yeah. Right. Whatever... There are challengers waiting for you, you know.
Prism Tower itself is Lumiose City's Pokémon Gym!
Clemont's inventions sure are amazing, right? He gave me one that solves puzzles, but it always feels like a shame to use it, so I haven't yet.
OK! Good luck at the Gym! ♪


Even if you get lost, it's OK! ♪ Just hop in a taxi, and it'll take you wherever you want to go!
Bnndooo!
Bnndooo?
Ka ka ka!♪
I sure didn't see that coming... That Gym...is tough...
This is the symbol of Lumiose City, Prism Tower! It's huge!
Magenta Plaza is up ahead. Both the Pokémon Center and Lysandre Café are close to this convenient Lumiose plaza.
Vernal Avenue Ahead The largest shopping district in Lumiose, this street features many shops and cafés. Here you will find Friseur Furfrou, Café Woof, the Herboriste, and the Stone Emporium.
Estival Avenue Ahead This large street on the southern side of Lumiose has many shops and stops that please those in the know, such as the Loto-ID Center, Lumiose Press, and Café Rouleau, where Roller Skating fans are known to hang out.
Autumnal Avenue Ahead This way for the Poké Ball shop, Poké Ball Boutique, the Berry Juice-selling Juice Shoppe, and Restaurant Le Yeah.
Hibernal Avenue Ahead This way for the three-star restaurant, Restaurant Le Wow, and Café Kizuna.
Lumiose City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Clemont The inventor lighting up the world.
