Boutique Couture
Friseur Furfrou
Herboriste
Café Woof
Café Cyclone
Lumiose Press
Café Classe
Loto-ID Center
Stone Emporium
South Boulevard Ahead Looping around Lumiose City, this major street provides access to the Sycamore Pokémon Lab and the PR Video Studio.
Centrico Plaza Ahead In the plaza, you will find Lumiose City's most famous symbol and its Pokémon Gym: the Prism Tower.
Sigh... My cooking is only half decent... And my Pokémon are only half decent...
The training at my place, Restaurant Le Wow, is tougher than anything...
Even though I'm only half decent, I'm still training my tail off every day. Aren't you curious to see my skill?
Then I'll let you get a taste of my cooking!
Oh? So the training at Restaurant Le Wow even scares Trainers away.
I knew it... There's no way such half- decent skills will make anyone happy... Fine, then! I'll just train to get better! And then I'll even beat you! Someday...

I got lost and somehow ended up here! Isn't it exciting to be somewhere new?
Lumiose is like a maze, isn't it? I just love it!
So, Trainer, how about helping amuse a poor lost girl like me?
Wow! Getting lost led me right to a Pokémon battle with you!
Are you also feeling a bit lost? No need to hesitate. Let's battle!
Do people who never get lost also never lose sight of the goal in battle either? Maybe I'll just get lost around here again sometime to try to find you?

This area has quite the romantic atmosphere, wouldn't you say? It's a popular date spot.
I sometimes like to stop by here on my way in to work.
A place like this makes you want to gaze deeply into someone's eyes, doesn't it?
I couldn't agree more. This will be a fateful battle.
I suppose it's also important to consider where you battle.
When I battle, I like to imagine that I'm in a scene in a movie. Do come be my costar again.

This is where I met him for the first time... And where he disappeared from my life...
When I saw him there, unmoving, I fell head over heels...
My love disappeared into the dark shadows of the alleys. Do you understand that pain?
Then help me forget my pain. Be so strong that it hurts.
He just disappeared... And now so will you...
Yes, the one I fell in love with was the man in the poster... But the wind and the rain, they ravaged his beautiful face... Until one day they had stolen him away and he was gone...
Do what you like with that... I will come here again, in search of any hint of my darling's fate...


This super move will let you double your speed by kicking off the ground. It's the fantastic drift-and-dash!
Slide the Circle Pad in the opposite direction! Yes, you, young Trainer! Go! Fly like the wind!
I'm sorry. There's a blackout. You can't go any farther until it's fixed.
Hey! Hey! What do you think you're doing in a place like this, huh?
What? You're still here?
These alleys are heavy with the scent of danger... Still sure you don't want to leave?
I guess words just won't get through to you. Then maybe a battle will!
I'm waitin' here for a real important business meetin', so get lost already!
Are ya somebody's hired muscle? That strength just ain't normal...
Won't you just buzz off?
Leave me alone, wouldja?
What is this, a macho contest? If I fight you, will you go away?
Fine... Let's just get this over with.
Then, get lost.
Normally, I ought to leave, too. Just leave me alone next time.
Lumiose City is so glamorous! I'm so glad I left the country!
What do you think it's like, living a glamorous life?
Being able to battle in the middle of a great city is quite glamorous, right?
Glad to hear it! Then let's get glammed up!
Ohhh, it was so cool the way you said no like that. I guess that's pretty glam.
So, what did you think? Was I pretty glamorous?
Here! A little gift for being so glam. Let's meet again and have a glamorous time, shall we? Then au revoir for now!

