<var>! ♪
I ran after you like crazy when I spotted you up ahead!
Know what? I heard the power's back on here in Lumiose City!
Some really bad people were stealing electricity from the Kalos Power Plant... and then somebody came and stopped 'em! No one knows who, but they must be awesome! Who do you think it was?
It was me!
Who knows?
Whoa! NO WAY! You, <var>?!
I guess there's someone else out there as strong as you, <var>!
And get this! They're gonna light the tower! Let's go see it, <var>! It's Lumiose City's most famous sight!
This way! Straight ahead you'll run smack into Prism Tower! ♪
Hey! What are you doing? Let's go see Prism Tower!

The famous flavor of Kalos that's baked right here in Lumiose City! Won't you try one of our famous Lumiose Galettes--or a dozen? All we ask is $100 per galette! Will you be buying any today?
Sorry, sorry, we're just too popular! We've sold out of Lumiose Galettes!
The famous flavor of Kalos that is famous thanks to you, sirmiss! Won't you try one of our famous Lumiose Galettes--or a dozen? The special price for you is $80! Will you be buying any today?
Thank you so much for your purchase! Please enjoy them while they're fresh!
Thanks a lot! Here you go!
SirMiss, you've arrived just in the middle of our special! Here's a free Moomoo Milk for you! It goes perfectly with a salty-sweet galette!
We owe all of our success to you! Please come visit us again soon!
Unfortunately, we're already out of our special for today. But please do come again!
Help us spread our famous flavor! Come back to visit us again soon!
Uh oh... That's not enough!
Freshly baked Lumiose Galettes at 03:00, 09:00, 15:00, and 21:00! Sales stop once we're all sold out!
We only ever get showers here in Lumiose City. They always pass before you know it.
My Pokémon keeps pestering me to take it to the art museum. Not in words, of course. It's just a sort of feeling, know what I mean?
Shopping here in Lumiose City should count as a form of self-improvement!
There's where I should go... And then there's where the alleys lead... Don't you wonder what you might find if you took them?
The combo of Lumiose Galettes and Shalour Sables is the ultimate!
This is the North Boulevard. It's a main street and has the Battle Institute, Hotel Richissime, and Lumiose Station, where you can catch the TMV super high-speed rail.
Lumiose Museum
Café Triste
Pokémon Center
South Boulevard Ahead Looping around Lumiose City, this major street provides access to the Sycamore Pokémon Lab and the PR Video Studio.
Autumnal Avenue Ahead Home to the Poké Ball specialty shop, Poké Ball Boutique, the Juice Shoppe-- for all of your Berry Juice needs--and fine dining at Restaurant Le Yeah.
Hsssah!
Oh. I'm sorry. It looks like your Bag is full!
