We train our bodies and spirits to love Pokémon more deeply! This is Café Ultimo, the favorite watering hole for S.T. fanatics!
Can you believe how Pokémon can get stronger from training in a virtual space? S.T. sure is one amazing toy, all right! That Clemont is a genius for making it!
It's not just for Pokémon! I'm training myself, too!
What?! You pressed the L Button, and your Pokémon put up a barrier?!
What?! You mean there's an opening after you use a barrier once? You can't just throw up another barrier right away after the last one?!
What?! Different Pokémon can use barriers for different amounts of time?!
Whoa! You can get closer to the opponent by pressing up on the +Control Pad?! And pressing down moves you farther away?!
Whoa! So, if you are closer to the opponent, you can hit it more easily, but it's harder to dodge incoming shots?!
Whoa! If you keep your stylus pressed to the screen after shooting, your Pokémon will store up its energy... Are you serious?! Then it lets off an even stronger shot when you let go?!
Whoa! If you store up too much energy, your shot might fail?! Timing is, like, vital and stuff?!
Hiya! D'ya want me to read you a really long and difficult book? Do ya? Do ya?
All righty! Here I go, so listen up! "Super Training and Physical Fitness" "The researchers began the study with two test subjects. Each of these two Rattata were selected to be identical in level, parameters, and inherent Nature." "One of the two subjects was allowed to play in the S.T. environment, in an effort to test the hypothesis that it is possible to raise an isolated base stat in a controlled environment." "After a week under these conditions, the two Rattata were examined again and their parameters were remeasured." "As a result, the researchers found that the Rattata that underwent Super Training demonstrated statistically significant improvement in both the strength and speed of its moves when compared to the Rattata that was not treated with the S.T. Regimen during the study." OK! All done! What did you think?
Whaaat?! Even though I can read such a long and difficult book?!
Hey there, stranger... How about a little chat?

What a wet blanket...
Something exciting
Something gloomy
Something cheerful
I have to go
Hey, hey, would you just listen to this? You won't believe the day I've had... So...my little Machoke was beating the stuffing out of its training bag, right? And then outta nowhere--nowhere at all!--this other training bag appears! And now, my Machoke's gonna have to hit that one, too, right? Or it'll never be satisfied, and I'll never hear the end of it! ...Arrrggghhh, why does little Machoke always have to find more training bags?
Hey, hey, would you just listen to this? You won't believe the day I've had... So, I decided to slack off my Machoke's training for a bit. Went to an all-you-can- eat buffet, right? Nothing wrong there. Then what happens but I come back to find my little Machoke snoring away! But you've gotta let it slide, right? You gotta, or you'll never hear the end of it. ...You let it slide and just tap 'em, right? Then they'll wake up all raring to go.
Hey, hey, would you just listen to this? You won't believe the day I've had... So my little Machoke is all, like, super pumped up for its training today, right? When it's pumped up like this, it'll go through training bags like water, right? You gotta use chances like this, right? Or you'll just never hear the end of it. ...Ahhh, would you look at that? My little Machoke went back to normal.
Mumble mumble mumble... This bag'll raise a base stat just a little, but it'll do it in no time... This bag'll raise the same base stat a whole heap, but it'll take ages...
Mumble mumble mumble... Maybe I'll use a training bag to up my Pokémon's parameters when I can't win...
Mumble mumble mumble... So, the shots you can use in the Super- Training Regimens vary by Pokémon, huh?
Your Pokémon are looking a little soft around the edges, hmm? Battling wild Pokémon and other Trainers is all well and good, kid, but it just can't compare to S.T.!
Your Pokémon are looking pretty well cut, aren't they? Especially that <var>... It looks pretty ripped, all right!
Y-your <var>! How do you even GET a Pokémon that muscular?! P-please, won't you put this <var> on your <var>'s muscles for me?
Mm-hmm. Those are some fine- looking Pokémon, I daresay. Especially that <var> of yours. So big, so brawny, so bulky! I can never get too much of it.
