Oh, it's Lysandre and... Is that Diantha? Just so you know, neighbor, Lysandre is the head of Lysandre Labs, which created the Holo Caster, a video-messaging device. You already know who Diantha is, right? She is one of the most famous movie stars in the world, after all. I wonder what the two of them are doing here together.
Oh, it's Lysandre and... Is that Diantha? So get this, neighbor, Lysandre is the head of Lysandre Labs, which created the Holo Caster, a video-messaging device. You already know about Diantha, right? She is one of the most famous movie stars in the world, after all. I wonder what the two of them are doing here together.
You played a young girl so wonderfully in your debut on the silver screen. Wouldn't you rather remain young and beautiful forever and always play such roles?
What a strange question... Why would I want to play the same old roles forever? Youth may be beautiful, but it's not all there is to life. Everything changes. I want to live and change like that, too. So I look forward to playing different roles as I get older.
You were chosen to be a movie star, correct? Isn't it your duty to be ever beautiful?
Everything beautiful should stay that way forever. I would make this world unchanging and eternal so all beauty will last forever. I can't stand the thought of the world becoming uglier.
Everything beautiful should stay that way forever. I would end the world in an instant so that beauty never fades. I can't stand the thought of the world becoming uglier.
Oh. Hello, <var>.
Oh. Hello, <var>.
This is Diantha, one of the most accomplished movie stars in Kalos. She moves the multitudes with her excellent acting... Which is to say, she dedicates her life to making other people happy. Oh! If only everyone were like her-- what a beautiful world this would be!
If you'll excuse me.
And who are you two?
My name is Serena, and this is...
I'm Calem. It's a pleasure. This is...
<var>, right? I heard Lysandre call you that. You both have lovely names. Oh, and you're both Trainers! Don't your Pokémon look happy?
I'm a Trainer myself, in my off time. I look forward to us battling someday!
Hmm... I guess if you're a Pokémon Trainer, you battle everyone, no matter who they are.
Oh, that's right! I have something to ask you, neighbor.
Would you be willing to compete with me to see which of us will become stronger? I know we set off on our journey just after you arrived in Vaniville... But we are neighbors, and I think it would be fun to have a competition with you. Just so you know, I won't lose though.
Hmm... I guess Pokémon Trainers all battle each other, no matter who they are.
Oh, yeah. I wanted to ask you something, neighbor.
How about you and I compete and see who ends up stronger? I know we set off on our journey just after you arrived in Vaniville, but we are neighbors, and having a competition with you sounds like fun. I won't lose though. Just so you know.
I want to see Diantha's movie! The one where she travels with Pokémon!
I heard Lysandre's gathering young people for society's sake.
If you're like a cheerful sun, everyone will be grateful. If you're like the Pokémon Solrock... Well, some things are best left unsaid...
You know what? This café is the movie star Diantha's favorite. I come here every day hoping to admire Diantha...
The only thing that's important about espresso is whether it's delicious or not.
I drink two cups of coffee a day. The type of cake doesn't really matter...
Oh, why hello there! That's right... This is where I first met you, isn't it? <var>?
Oh, why hello there! That's right... This is the same café where I first met you, isn't it, <var>?
You know, I'd really love to learn more about how a strong Trainer like you raises hiser Pokémon. This probably seems a bit sudden, but how would you feel about trading one of your Pokémon for my Ralts here?
Heheh. We Trainers all feel a bit nervous when trading Pokémon... but I'm sure it's nothing compared to how the Pokémon must feel!
Hello, <var>. I'm glad to meet you. Was it a bit shocking to be traded? I hope you'll come to trust and like me. I promise that I'll take good care of you.
No, of course I understand... I'm sure all of your Pokémon are like precious friends to you, right? You can't just give away a friend to someone else that easily!
Thank you for trading with me! I'm sure we'll both continue to become even better Trainers as we keep battling and growing!
Oh no, silly! You only have one Pokémon with you now! You can't possibly trade away your only Pokémon! But I'd still like to trade with you, so come back sometime!
