Welcome!
Tell us what you'd like, and we'll come up with the perfect hairstyle and color for you!
Welcome! ...Oh! It's been a long time, <var>!
Hello... ... ...Oh! S-sorry! Oh... Silly me... <var>, you look so great... I was mesmerized by you... Ahem... Let me collect myself first...
What would you like to do today?
Would you like me to style all of your hair or just the front?
Of course, sirmiss!
For a full style and color, the total will be $<var>. Does that sound all right to you?
For a front style and color, the total will be $<var>. Does that sound all right to you?
For styling all of your hair, the total will be $<var>. Does that sound all right to you?
For just a color, the total will be $<var>. Does that sound all right to you?
For styling just the front, the total will be $<var>. Does that sound all right to you?
Oh, I'm sorry, sirmiss. You don't seem to have enough money.
All right. Let me show you to a chair. I'll take your hat and stow it away for now.
Let me know when you decide.
Styling and color
Styling
Color
Quit
All over
Just the front
Quit
What kind of style would you like?
Oh! I have special styles that suit you perfectly, <var>. What kind of style would you like?
Short
Bobbed
Medium
Long
Surprise me!
Next
Back
Very short
Short
Medium
Medium perm
Ponytail
Pigtails
Certainly. Short it is.
Certainly. A bob it is.
Certainly. Medium length it is.
Certainly. Long it is.
Certainly! Leave it up to me!
You won't look very different. Is that all right?
Certainly. I'll just trim the ends.
Certainly. Very short it is.
Certainly. Short it is.
Certainly. Medium length it is.
Certainly. Medium perm it is.
Certainly. Ponytail it is.
Certainly. Pigtails it is.
What kind of color would you like? Do you have any idea?
Something lighter
Something darker
Same as now
Blonde
Orange
Honey
Brown
Black
Well, it's said that blondes have more fun! Blonde it is, then!
A nice vibrant orange, hmm? That's what we'll do, then!
A lovely dark honey... That's what we'll do, then!
So you want to go brown? I can handle brunette!
All the way to black, is it? I can handle that!
You'll leave it up to me? Thank you!
Certainly. Then I'll mix something up that will just help you keep your current color.
Do you have any preference about how to style the front?
Do you want to keep the front looking the same?
Certainly. I'll sweep the front to the side.
Certainly. I'll snip some bangs in the front.
Certainly! I'll part your hair to suit you.
Sideswept
Bangs
All right! It's all done!
The new hairstyle suits you very well!
For a full style and color, that will be $<var>.
For a front style and color, that will be $<var>.
For styling all your hair, that will be $<var>.
For styling the front, that will be $<var>.
For the color, that will be $<var>.
Thank you very much for coming today. Next time you want a change, visit us anytime!
The new hairstyle suits you very well! Please come again!
I brightened your color significantly this time. Please don't forget to use conditioner!
Yes! The orange color suits you very well! Such a bright color makes you feel energetic, doesn't it?
The hair color turned out very nice! It gives you a soft and gentle look. It looks really great!
The hair color suits you very well! The natural look is very attractive!
Shiny black hair is really nice! Clothes with bright colors should go well with that hair!
The long hair looks great on you! Yes, yes! It suits you very well!
The length like that looks amazing, too!
The new hairstyle suits you very well!
It's a very pleasant look. Very nice!
It looks great! Wow! So does the neatly trimmed front!
The front looks very cute! It's perfect on you!
I'm so into café culture lately. There are several cafés where people with the same interests can gather. People are having such a blast! Lumiose is a city of cafés. I'll recommend some cafés to you, <var>.
Oh, I found an interesting café the other day! It's the café where Furfrou fans gather. The name is Café Woof! They're more than fans. All of them are Furfrou freaks. It was amazing.
Since you're changing your hairstyle, you may want to drop by the PR Video Studio later! Once you go there, you'll be hooked! I'm hooked, too!
To tell you the truth, <var>, after I recommended the studio to you, I had an urge to make a PR Video. It's been a while since I made my last video, so I went there! I struck a lot of great poses with my Pokémon! I was able to create a unique PR Video. That was so much fun.
Lately, a strange man has been wandering around here. I can't describe what's strange about him, but... He said something I couldn't understand, "Some power is something...something." And then he suddenly disappeared into thin air...
Oh! Do you remember the strange man I told you about the other day? I bumped into him again after that. And I tell you what! I listened to his explanation, and I managed to be able to use that something-or-another power! I still don't know what it is exactly, but I felt really lucky!


Oh, do you know there's a grooming salon specifically for Furfrou? I'd like to take my Furfrou next time, but it seems there are a lot of different grooming styles, and I can't make up my mind what my Furfrou should look like.
I went to the grooming salon for Furfrou yesterday! I thought and thought and finally decided to go for the Heart Trim. It looks so great! But other cuts are also very charming... I hear that there are cuts only regular customers can choose. I'm so curious... When should I go again?










Oh, <var>. Your coordination is really cool! My heart skipped a beat!
Oh, <var>. Your coordination suits you very well! You wear everything very nicely. I envy you!
Sorry I'm totally changing the subject, but... <var>, I really like your coordination today! I'm so curious about where I can buy those... Will you tell me the name of the boutique later? I'll go to the shop with my husband on my next day off!
Sorry I'm totally changing the subject, but... <var>, I really like your coordination today! I'm so curious about where I can buy those... Will you tell me the name of the boutique later? I'll go to the shop on my next day off.
Oh! The boutique you told me about the other day... I went there! It was really nice, but I couldn't decide what to buy. I found some great stuff for my husband, so I let him dress up for the first time in ages!
Oh! The boutique you told me about the other day. I went there! It was really nice. I was unable to decide what to buy. Since I couldn't make up my mind, I just bought everything I saw! It's been ages since my last spree!
Wow! <var>. You've caught <var>! My husband was murmuring... "Very, very Mythical. It's the king of Mythical Pokémon..." I knew it was a very rare Pokémon. <var>, as I expected, you're a great Trainer.

Oh, oh! <var>! The Champion! I heard that you won at the Pokémon League! I was there at your parade the other day! Congratulations! I'm so honored that my customer is the Champion!
Oh! I remember! <var>. Today is your birthday! Happy birthday! I'll psych myself up and style your hair perfectly so that it will brighten up your special day!
Just a hairstylist and a customer... If you say so, I guess that's what we are, but I feel a strong connection with you, <var>. It's a bit embarrassing to say this now, but I appreciate the connection with you!














No! No matter how many times I change my look, it all looks too good!
It's my dream to express all Pokémon by hairstyle.
