Bienvenue to Friseur Furfrou! Here we can groom your lovely Furfrou into any style that you so desire, dear customer! What kind of style were you thinking of today? Would you like a terrific trim for just $500?


Ah! Well, this is embarrassing... You don't seem to have the money, dear customer.
Hmm... But, dear customer... You don't seem to have a Furfrou with you today, now do you?
Which lovely Furfrou will we be working on today?
And what kind of style were you thinking of? Our trims are unparalleled in the Kalos region!
Heart Trim
Star Trim
Diamond Trim
Debutante Trim
Matron Trim
Dandy Trim
La Reine Trim
Kabuki Trim
Pharaoh Trim
Back to natural
Never mind

Then let me just borrow your lovely Furfrou for an eensy-weensy moment!
Snip... Snippity-snip... Snip-snip... Snip!
Thank you for your patience! My work is complete! Your lovely Furfrou was the ideal model! Such a well-behaved Pokémon!
All right then! I'll just ring up your total, shall I?
If you ever wish to try out a new style, you know where to come! We'll be waiting at Friseur Furfrou!
So, you would like to keep the same style and just touch up the ends a bit, is that right?
Oh? So, it's to be au naturale, is it? You'd like to return your Furfrou to its natural look?
What's this? You want me to style an Egg? Feeling a bit hasty, are we, dear customer?
Oh, I am so terribly, terribly, terribly sorry. We simply don't do work on any Pokémon but Furfrou here. You do understand, don't you?
Hmm? Are you sure? Nothing will change. Is that fine with you?
Would you like me to inform you of how long your Furfrou has kept this magnificent style? I am the owner and head stylist, after all. I simply know these things, darling. So...would you like to know? Oui ou non?
I hope you will come visit us again. À bientôt!
Which dear Furfrou would you like to know about then? En fait?
Pardonne-moi, but that is an Egg, dear customer. An Egg has no hair, and thus I cannot trim it!
Pardonne-moi, but that is not a Furfrou. Do you take me for an amateur?
Pardonne-moi, but you have no Furfrou with you. What exactly is it that you're hoping I can do?
Quel surprise! Your Furfrou has maintained its beautiful look for <var> days now! Ohhh, it's so beautifully done that I could just eat it up!
Quel shock... Your dear Furfrou has not managed to maintain its beautiful look for even one day yet... Oh, it's so beautifully disappointed. Perhaps I should just eat my words...
A Furfrou trim, hmm? It will grow out in about five days. Their pelts do grow quickly, don't they?
Hey, hey, guess what! My precious Furfur and me are totally in sync with each other! After all, we get up at the same time, eat at the same times, and go to bed at the same time!
Bouaf?
Fou-bouaf!
Ouaf-oua...
Ouaf-ouaf-fouaf!
F-fou...fouaf...
