Stop right there!
Ahahahaha! Sorry, sorry. We always seem to be surprising you, don't we? We're just here to give you something the professor forgot about last time.
...Central Kalos! ...Coastal Kalos! ...Mountain Kalos! There are more Pokémon in Kalos than you'll find in those three Pokédexes! Didja know that?
That's basically what we're here about. We'll power up your Pokédex for you!
The National Pokédex has now been added to <var>'s Pokédex!
The National Pokédex has been added to your Pokédex menu. Just tap it to check it out, OK?
You'd better keep on treasuring the time you get with your Pokémon from now on, got it? This precious time that you fought for...
How did you like your parade, <var>?
So the reason I asked you to come here is... I wanted to give you a pass to Kiloude City!
Doesn't ring any bells?
Kiloude City is a city in the southern part of the Kalos region. And it's the perfect place for Trainers looking to sharpen their skills!
So here's your pass for the super high-speed rail to Kiloude City!
Use it to ride the TMV super high-speed rail! Take your pass to that scanner over there. It's an orange machine. Have the machine scan your pass to board the train.
Have a fantastic time!
It should be someplace right around here, right?
These trains are completely different from the subways we have in the Unova region!
They say the world's fastest train can go an unbelievable 310 mph!
The TMV... It's super fast... and super shaky... Urgh...
It's a TMV timetable.
Something is written on the back of the timetable. "I'm going to go for help. Wait in the usual place."
It's a TMV pass scanner.
Would you like to scan your pass and board the TMV train?
You can't board without a pass.
You scanned your pass!
It's a TMV ticket dispenser.
You know, cameras and railways were first developed around the same time. In short, that means railway enthusiasts like myself have been able to capture these lovelies on film from the start!
Checking train times online is much easier, isn't it? I guess even timetables evolve. Though I did always like staring up at that huge array of numbers, just imagining all the different possibilities awaiting me...
