You can change your look here before shooting your Trainer PR Video. Would you like a little touch-up?
Leave it to me! Let's get you set up in front of the mirror.
Oh! Well, aren't you a lovely little Trainer! Have you shot a Trainer PR Video yet?
This is where you can change your look a bit to be ready for shooting your Trainer PR Video. Whenever you want to fix yourself up a bit, you come straight to me, OK?
Eye Black
Would you like the same look as last time?
OK! I'll just have to find out what kind of look you want to go for this time. Come have a seat!
Are you ready to shoot your Trainer PR Video like this?
Oh? You're all done for today? I see. Let me just get you cleaned up then.
All right, why don't you tell me a bit about what kind of image you want?
Is there anything else you'd like to change about your look today?
Not quite what you were picturing? Then let's try again, yeah?
What part of your look would you like to change?
Eye shadow
Mascara
Blush
Lipstick
Skin treatments
Facial hair
Extras
Never mind
Go with this look
What color of eye shadow would you like?
Brown
Green
Blue
Purple
Orange
<var> eye shadow, hmm? Sounds fine by me.
What about for mascara?
Volumizing mascara
Lengthening mascara
<var>? That's probably for the best.
What kind of tone do you like for your blush?
Pink
Orange
Peach
Rose
<var> blush it is, then. I've got it marked down.
What shade of lipstick would you like?
Orange
Pink
Hot pink
Wine red
<var> lipstick for you? Sure, that could work.
What would you like to change about your skin?
Freckles
<var>, is it? I can certainly do that.
What would you like to change about your skin?
Freckles
Cheek marks
What kind of facial hair?
Vandyke
Handlebar
Whiskers
<var> for you, huh? I get you. Let's do it!
What kind of extras for you today?
Pikachu cheeks
Bandage
Tears
Poké Ball
<var>... Mm-hmm! I know just what you mean!
OK! Let's get you ready for shooting!
We haven't done anything yet, silly! Why don't you start by telling me what you'd like?
You're feeling a bit fed up with this, aren't you? I get it.
If you ever want to change your look again, just pop by anytime!
I'll go ahead and remember this look for next time.
Ooh la la, would you just look at you! Beautiful! You look absolutely smashing, darling!
Then, if you're ready, let's do this!
Oooh, well, that's a real pity... I guess I'll remove everything, then.
None
Oh? You don't want any eye shadow? If you say so!
Oh? You don't want any mascara? If you say so!
Oh? You don't want any blush? If you say so!
Oh? You don't want any lipstick? If you say so!
Oh? You don't want any skin treatments? If you say so!
Oh? You don't want any facial hair? If you say so!
Oh? You don't want any extras? If you say so!
Was it a good shoot? I've removed everything, so you're ready to hit the streets again!
