

Sinnoh's Battle Frontier
Johto Region
Unova Region
The Courtyard of the Palace
Laverre City
Glittering Cave
Anistar Sundial
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: The Battle Frontier is a Pokémon battle facility located in the Fight Area in the Sinnoh region. It consists of five buildings: the Battle Tower, the Battle Factory, the Battle Arcade, the Battle Hall, and the Battle Castle.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: The region is full of legends and old history related to Pokémon.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: Various kinds of Pokémon and people gathered in the region, so it's like a universal melting pot. That's why the region is called Unova.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: The courtyard of the Parfum Palace. A statue that celebrates cooperation between Pokémon and people stands in the courtyard. This work is part of a series depicting sceneries that inspired overseas artists while they were traveling in Kalos.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: A city that looks like a hideaway for fairies. A huge tree stands in the center, and the Pokémon Gym is nestled in the tree. This work is part of a series depicting sceneries that inspired overseas artists while they were traveling in Kalos.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: It's a dark and narrow cave. The source of its eerie light is a plant called Luminous Moss. This work is part of a series depicting sceneries that inspired overseas artists while they were traveling in Kalos.
The audio guide started playing an explanation of the piece: A sundial that shines, reflecting the setting sun. For some reason, the artist depicted the sundial reflected in a mirror. Therefore, it's reversed. This work is part of a series depicting sceneries that inspired artists from overseas while they were traveling in Kalos.
Welcome to the Lumiose Museum. Everyone can enjoy viewing the artwork for free! Would you like to enter?
Welcome to the Lumiose Museum. Would you like to enter?
Please do visit again.
We offer audio guides that give you detailed explanations about the museum's artwork. It's a paid service that costs $200. Would you like to use it?
All right. Please use this audio guide. Check the box right next to a painting, and you can hear a detailed explanation.
I'm sorry, sirmiss, but you don't have enough money... Would you like to enter without using the paid service?
Please enjoy.
You can leave from the reception on the left side.
Excuse me, sirmiss. You need to return the audio guide when you leave. Do you still want to leave?
Thank you for coming!
All right. Please enjoy.
Please enter at the reception on the right side.
Beautiful...
Embarrassing...
You... I can smell that you're not from here. I mean, from Kalos... Have you recently moved here? All right! Take this.
Dragon Tail knocks the target away while doing damage to it. My partner learned the move in the Village of Dragons, so please feel free to use it.
If you have an audio guide, it will play an explanation of this piece.
I'm a conservateur de musée. I mean, I'm a curator. Usually I plan art exhibits or collect works of art. "Curator" sounds a bit like a Pokémon name, don't you agree?
Wow! The paintings are coming way up close and then going far away!
People say you can enjoy art any way you want.
As a bonus, we lend stylish customers audio guides free of charge.
