There's a report on the desk. "When I was young, I went on a journey around Kalos with my Pokémon. I reached out to help those suffering because they had nothing. At first, they were grateful, but eventually, they began to take my help for granted and demand more and more... Will fools like those people consume the Kalos region? This world is stable and secure. So the population of people and Pokémon continues to increase unabated. But there is a limit to the amount of money and energy the world is capable of producing. Either everything is lost, or only a handful are saved. This is something best not left to man... I must use a tool of higher power."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "Over the ages, people and Pokémon worked alongside one another and created many things. As a result of this, a leader appeared among the humans. That leader sought to produce even more goods. Increased production of goods created a gap between haves and have-nots."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "The mountains will never know one another, but people can encounter other people. And people and Pokémon mix together."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "Full of sorrow, AZ built the ultimate weapon. When he did this, he left the following words. 'What's wrong with bringing something you love back into this world? Without my beloved Pokémon, no other Pokémon have any meaning!'"
There's research material on the bookshelf. "The king's younger brother told his progeny the location of the ultimate weapon and died. That is something to be used by sophisticated powers, not by humans. Human beings must create a world where such a weapon is unnecessary..."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "When AZ, the man who was king, vanished, he took the key to the ultimate weapon. That is the item required to activate the weapon."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "AZ had a younger brother. It's said he led a legion of greedy souls who wanted to seize the Kalos region. His dark intention was to make it his own. But when he saw how Kalos had been ravaged by the war, he took the weapon his brother had created, and he buried that weapon deep underground."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "The king was proud of the technology he had used to bring Kalos prosperity, but he couldn't help but use it in a way that had never been intended... AZ, the man who was king, disappeared."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "The king couldn't escape war with those who targeted a wealthy Kalos. The war grew so violent and ugly, the king was forced to send his own beloved Pokémon into battle."
There's research material on the bookshelf. "The king's name was AZ, and he was both the beginning and the end. He used technology unlike any seen during that era to unite Kalos for the first time."
