Over here!
I was just having a conversation with Lysandre about Mega Evolution.
I would like to congratulate you as well. Mega Evolution is something I, too, would like to be able to use.
Actually, Lysandre himself is of royal ancestry... He truly is a chosen one.
True. I'm a descendant of the king's younger brother. That being said, that story is 3,000 years old, so it might not be entirely reliable.
By the way, <var>... Do you know where the Holo Caster is made?
That's right! They're made in Lysandre's lab.
Oh really? Well, they just happen to be made in Lysandre's lab.
Lysandre is a great man. He supports Trainers and Pokémon research with some of the profit from the Holo Caster.
People can be divided into two groups. Those who give... And those who take... It's just as how the Kalos region's two Legendary Pokémon gave life and took life.
I want to be the kind of person who gives... But in this world, some foolish humans exist who would show their strength by taking what isn't theirs.
They're filth!
Long, long ago, the king of Kalos sought to take everything for his own, and he created a terrible weapon. Then the fire of destruction was unleashed... That is the legend that has been passed down.
Kalos is beautiful right now! There will be no foolish actions if the number of people and Pokémon do not increase.
That being said, the future isn't decided. You can't be sure each day will be like the one before.
What the king of Kalos did was reprehensible, but... The ultimate weapon did manage to wash the world clean of that era's filth.
Thank you for listening. Take that as an apology for my taking up your time.
What a passionate person. He's just like a blazing flame. Perhaps his pride in his lineage is what makes him burn so intensely.
That being said, what Lysandre says is only one way of looking at things... It's not necessarily the truth. <var>! What's truly important is the time you spend together with others! Treasure these moments spent traveling the Kalos region with your Pokémon!
Welcome to Lysandre Café.
Today, our special is... get out of here or else!
Oh no! HShe'll find out the password to the hidden door in this café is "open sesame"!
Welcome... No suit, huh...
Today's special is a SCRAM-ble. If you don't get out of here now...
At this rate, she'll figure out there's a hidden door to Lysandre Labs!
This piece of furniture gives off a mysterious vibe...
The piece of furniture giving off a mysterious vibe...is a hidden door! <var> said the password in front of the hidden door. "Open sesame"!
This piece of furniture gives off a mysterious vibe...
Team Flare are the red-suited saviors of the world!
Oh, Lysandre... I'll have my $5,000,000 saved soon...
I remember my grandma scolding me and saying no bad deed goes unpunished... I wonder how she's doing...
