Fantastic! You're here! Come this way, won't you?
Many thanks for coming all the way from Vaniville Town!
I'm Professor Sycamore! It's a pleasure to finally meet you! How is your Pokémon journey going so far? Have you met many different Pokémon? Fantastic! Let me have a quick look at your Pokédex and see!


Well now, you DO have a certain je ne sais quoi! I have a good feeling about you!
At first, I was thinking of choosing only one child from a town when I was deciding who to give a Pokémon to. In Vaniville Town, it was going to be the child of a Veteran Trainer I know.
About then, I learned that the Rhyhorn racer Grace and her sondaughter were moving here. Here in the Kalos region, you're far away from everything you used to know... That really hit me right here... Then it hit me--I should give you a Pokémon and have you travel around Kalos!
Hi, Professor! It's Shauna. ♪
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Fantastic! Now, let's all have a Pokémon battle!
Your opponent shall be me!
A Pokémon battle in the lab?
A Pokémon battle, huh? Sounds good. Let's get started.
Why are you the one who gets to battle the professor?
Shall we start the battle?
Just so you know, I'm not that tough!
No problem at all! I'll wait! I'll wait as long as I must!
I think I've about figured it out!
Figured what out?
<var>! You are an interesting Pokémon Trainer indeed!
It'd be fantastic if you took another Pokémon with you!
Here! Pick one!

Maybe I'll try collecting Pokémon of the same type.
I recommend picking a Pokémon type that complements your team.
I guess I'll pick a Pokémon with a type that compensates for my team's weaknesses.
You picked <var>, then! I see. That's simply wonderful!
Would you like to give your Pokémon a nickname?
So, you've decided its nickname will be <var>?
Oh, I see. You're not going to give your Pokémon a nickname, then.
Since you chose Bulbasaur, I'll give you this Mega Stone.
Since you chose Charmander, I'll give you this Mega Stone.
Since you chose Squirtle, I'll give you this Mega Stone.
Come now, you two. Pick your Pokémon.
I don't know which one to pick! It's so difficult!
You'll be together for a long time, so just take your time.
It's OK. Take your time.
Well, I've got a feeling everyone else will show up soon.
Hi, Professor Sycamore.
What's this? Everyone is already here.
See.
Wonderful! Everyone's all here!
So now that we're all here, I'd like to say a few words.
Be the best Trainer you can be! At the same time, remember to have fun traveling with your Pokémon! Also, I want to ask for your help in solving the Kalos region's biggest Pokémon mystery: the secret and potential of Mega Evolution, a new kind of Evolution that occurs in battle! That's why I gave you that Mega Stone just now. It's an important clue!
Mega Evolution? What should we do about the Pokédex?
Trevor, my lad, if that's what "best Trainer" means to you, then I want you to go out there and complete that Pokédex!
Mega Evolution sounds really interesting! ♪
If you're investigating Mega Evolution, why don't you check out Camphrier Town? That town has a lot of history--you might find a hint there!
Now listen. If you visit many different places to complete the Pokédex, you will probably see Pokémon with many ways of living and meet people with many ways of thinking. First, accept the ways of living and thinking that sometimes conflict with your own. And think about what's really important--this will truly broaden your horizons.
I feel that being different from others makes me special. Mastering Mega Evolution will definitely set me apart from other Trainers!
I think being different from others is part of what makes me special. Mastering Mega Evolution will definitely set me apart from other Trainers!
Hmm... I guess I want to make lots and lots of good memories.
The best Trainer... If being the best Trainer had more to do with dancing, then I might have a chance.
Oh! Uh, I'll complete the Pokédex, then!
The number of Pokémon you've encountered in the Central Kalos Pokédex is... <var>!
Tell me when you encounter 20 or more! I'll give you something nice.
I'll give you this item so you can befriend even more Pokémon!
The move False Swipe leaves a Pokémon with 1 HP instead of making it faint. It's super useful when you're trying to catch Pokémon!
Your party is full! Please choose a Pokémon to send to the PC Box.
Oh! So you don't want it right now? Come back and get your Pokémon once you've organized your PC Boxes.
Oh! But it looks like your Boxes are all full, aren't they? Come back and get your Pokémon once you've organized your PC Boxes.
Why hello! Nice to see you! Here's the <var> you chose! Take good care of it, OK?
