You've traveled a long way from Vaniville Town, but you're finally here!
The professor can't wait to meet you. You can find him on the third floor, so hop in the elevator!
Welcome to the Sycamore Pokémon Laboratory. Professor Sycamore researches Pokémon Evolution.
The professor has taught many people about Pokémon!
So, I will be able to meet them soon, then.
Yes.
The children chosen by the professor... I wonder what potential they have.
And here's one of them now... That's <var>. <var>, come here a sec!
And here's one of them now... That's <var>. <var>, come here a sec!
Oh! You received a Pokédex from the professor then...
How wonderful! That is a wonderful thing, indeed. You are one of the chosen ones.
I am Lysandre. I've tried to learn as much about Pokémon as I can to help build a brighter future. Professor Sycamore has taught me so much.
Oh, I see you have a Holo Caster!
Knowledge is power, after all. Put it to good use.
Now listen! It is vital that this world become a better place. And the people and Pokémon chosen to make the world better must work tirelessly to achieve this goal.
Well, I'll be off. Please give Professor Sycamore my best.
My desire...it is for a more beautiful world!
Still... I wonder what kind of beautiful world Lysandre desires...
In this great big Kalos region, there are many different Pokémon. I hope getting a Pokédex gives you a chance to learn about them.

<var>, there's a place I want to go check out!
So, I'll see you around! ♪
There's something I want to talk to you about. I'll be waiting for you in Café Soleil, neighbor!
There's something I want to talk to you about. I'll wait for you in Café Soleil, neighbor!
I wonder what Serena wants to talk about. Why couldn't she just use the Holo Caster?
I wonder what Calem wants to talk about. Why couldn't he just use the Holo Caster?
No clue, but it seems hush-hush. I AM curious about what's going on, but we should probably stay out of it.
Hey, <var>! To get to Camphrier Town, leave the lab, turn left, and go straight. That Café Soleil SerenaCalem was talking about is over that way, too.
