What a pleasure it is to make your acquaintance. I am Ward, and I am in charge of keeping the bed linens in this hotel fresh and pristine. Shall we get straight to business? You'll soon learn that time is precious in housekeeping. All of the beds on this floor need their sheets changed. I'll be asking for your help with this. Please make up all of the beds on this floor within <var> seconds.
I've been waiting for you. I must ask you to make all of the beds on this floor within <var> seconds.
Well, if it isn't Masteriss <var>. You know, it's said that people learn little from success, but much from failure. I suppose that's neither here nor there, though. I'd like you to please make all of the beds on this floor within <var> seconds.
Please get to work at once.
Is there some sort of problem? Are you giving up on your assignment already?
I see. I will have to report this to the manager. Please excuse me.
Then you should make all of the beds on this floor within <var> seconds. Remember that time is precious in housekeeping! Quick work creates a surplus of time, and extra time creates better work.
The bed still shows signs that someone was sleeping in it...
The bed is full of Pokémon dander...
The bed has had Lemonade spilled on it...
The pillow is at the foot of this bed for some reason...
The bed reeks of perfume...
The bed still feels warm...
The bed is covered with Pokémon footprints...
The bed appears to have been chewed on...
The bed is littered with glittering scales...
The sheets are wet on this bed...
Something has chewed a hole through the sheets on this bed...
The bed has brand-new sheets and nary a wrinkle to be seen!
A perfectly made bed! You could bounce a coin off it!
You have finished making all the beds on this floor!
Thank you for your hard work! It took you more than <var> seconds to make all these beds. That is...
Absolutely perfect! I am so happy, I could cry!
No less than I would expect. But...I suspect you are capable of more. Next time, your absolute utmost efforts, please.
Oh? What's this? Could I have mistaken your time? Certainly not. Should I remind you again? Time is precious when it comes to housekeeping. Wasting even one moment is just as bad as wasting an entire day.
