
Oh! Thank you again for coming. Allow me to introduce myself...
This is the Gym Leader of Lumiose City, Clemont! You'd better watch out! My brother's strong! As strong as you'd expect a Lumiose City Gym Leader to be, got it?
Bonnie! How many times do I have to remind you... It's not my own strength that matters, nor any other Trainer's. None of us would be here if it weren't for our Pokémon.
I know, I know!
Anyway, I hope you two have an awesome battle!
She's right about that, at least. Let's both do our best in battle.
M-my brother... You lost?
Oh, Bonnie... When will you learn there's no shame in losing? I'm glad whenever I get to learn something new thanks to strong challengers like this boygirl here.
Now, to the victor go the spoils! This Voltage Badge belongs to you!
<var> received the Voltage Badge from Clemont!
If you have a Voltage Badge, you will be seen as a friend and equal by any Pokémon up to Lv. 70. And here. Take this TM as well...
Oh, I know! I know this one! It's TM24! That's Thunderbolt! It has a power of 90, and its accuracy is 100 percent! It'll never miss! It's a really popular Electric move because of that!
Arghhh! Bonnie, you--! ... ... ...
The future is now, thanks to science! Behold the machine that gives: Technical Machines!
...I just wanted to be able to say it, OK? At least once.
Look, I'm not... It's not like I'm just trying to make myself stronger or... ... ... ... All I'm trying to do is enjoy every day to the fullest with my Pokémon, while doing the science that I love with my inventing.
You're a pretty amazing Pokémon Trainer, huh? Keep whipping my bro into shape! He needs it!
You sure are an amazing Pokémon Trainer, miss. I hope you'll help my geeky bro learn a bit!
How did the world look after defeating the Champion? I really want to understand it. The way the world looks to a real Pokémon Champion... I'm trying to invent a machine that will let me see it for myself.
That brother of mine... You know, people say that if he'd forget the inventions and train a bit more, he'd be even stronger than he is. But they're wrong. The discoveries he's made with his Pokémon are exactly what make him so strong.
Which floor would you like to go to?
1F
5F
Cancel
