<var>! ♪
Hey, do you know what's about to happen?
Of course!
Nope. What is it?
That's right! We're going to battle! We ARE Pokémon Trainers, after all! ♪
We're going to battle, silly! We ARE Pokémon Trainers, after all! ♪
That reminded me of our battle in Aquacorde Town! That was the first time for both of us to battle with our Pokémon!
Hello, <var>. Hi, Shauna.
What are you two up to?
Nothing big. How about you guys?
Why, the same thing as you, Shauna. We heard about <var> from the professor, and we came running as fast as we could.
<var>! Can we have a Pokémon battle? Oh, uh...sorry to just throw that at you...
<var>! Can we have a Pokémon battle? Oh, uh...sorry to just throw that at you...
Wow! Tierny asking someone to battle? What's up with that?
Geosenge Town made me think... If <var> hadn't been there, I wouldn't be dancing now, that's for sure. That made me want to get to know <var> better, and I thought a battle would be the best way to do that. It's kinda selfish of me, I guess. But it's also a way of thanking himer!
Tierno... It's great when Pokémon Trainers like us can understand the hearts and minds of other Trainers and their Pokémon through battle. But before we do anything else, we should heal your Pokémon.
Now it's your turn, <var>.
I think I will follow the crowd and be your opponent as well. But this time, it won't be about the Pokédex. It will be a Pokémon battle!
There is still so much I don't know. Do I just not have what it takes?
Wow! I don't think I've ever heard you worry about being weak or strong before, Trevor! ♪ You seem a lot bolder than you used to be. Is it because you went on a journey? Or maybe it's thanks to what you learned from being with your Pokémon, and with us-- your friends!
Speaking of which... Where's Serena?
Speaking of which... Where's Calem?
ShHe's off training with the Mega Evolution guru. ShHe said friends are friends even if they can't be together.
Indeed! Well, there's something we must attend to. Be seeing you!
I'm so glad I went on a journey. I made some great friends. And thanks to my Li'l <var> that I met before we left, I was able to visit many places, meet a lot of nice people, and make many wonderful memories! ♪
<var>... This is from us.
Even if you're battling without the Badge from Snowbelle City Gym, you can use Waterfall! I've gotta get going! See you!
Route 19 Also known as Grande Vallée Way
Trainer Tips! The move Misty Terrain can cut damage from Dragon-type moves in half! But it only protects Pokémon if they're touching the ground.
