Welcome, future archaeologists! You were drawn here by the mystique of Fossils no doubt!
Wait for me.
Wait for me.
My name is Serena, and this is <var>. We're researching Mega Evolution, and we were wondering if you know anything about it.
I'm Calem, and this is <var>. We're researching Mega Evolution. Do you know anything about it?
Oho! So you're Professor Sycamore's students! I've heard about you! Mega Evolution, you say... I'm sorry, but all I know is that it has something to do with mysterious stones... Still, since you're students of the professor, you must know about Pokémon Fossils, correct?
Wonderful! I expect no less from Professor Sycamore's students! That's right! Fossils are the legacy of prehistoric Pokémon! You should really go to the dig site and see the real thing firsthand.
How unexpected! I would have thought Professor Sycamore's students would know the basics. Listen well. Fossils are the legacy of Pokémon from the distant past! I think you should definitely go to the dig site and see the real thing!
My assistant loves excavating Fossils! When he's hard at work digging, he loses sight of all else.
Now, if you bring us Pokémon Fossils, we will be happy to restore them for you! Oh, and did you know, sometimes you will find Fossils in rocks you can break with Rock Smash! Do your best out there, and make Professor Sycamore proud!
I hear I have you two to thank for my assistant's return. Thank you very much! Take this as my thanks!
I had completely forgotten that we also found that when we were digging up Fossils. By the way, did you know that the Pokémon Aerodactyl can be restored from Old Amber? Sometimes you can find Old Amber when you break a rock with Rock Smash.
Oh. I see. Well, if you don't know anything about Mega Evolution, then...
Is that so? Well, if you don't know anything about Mega Evolution...
Hold on! Pokémon that can be restored from Fossils just might have something to do with Mega Evolution. The assistant in Glittering Cave right now might know about that!
What should I do? Well, since I'm already here, maybe I should go talk to that assistant...
Are you going to Glittering Cave, <var>?
Well... As long as I'm here, I guess I'll go see that assistant.
Heading to Glittering Cave, <var>?
We have a machine that restores Fossils and turns them back into Pokémon. But only the assistant in Glittering Cave knows how to use it.
If you show the assistant a Fossil, he will turn it back into a Pokémon.
You must have come to the Fossil Lab because you like Fossils.
Now you...have the kind of face a Rhyhorn will like.
The Rhyhorn on Route 9 used to race, so it loves having people ride on it.
If you have a Pokémon called Genesect with you, please let me know, all right?
Is that Pokémon with you... Genesect?! Well then, why don't I give you these four drives?
An acquaintance in the Unova region gave me these plans. Based on them, I made these four drives: the Douse Drive, Shock Drive, Burn Drive, and Chill Drive.
Genesect is also rumored to have been found in Glittering Cave... It's only a rumor though.
The bookshelf is packed with research materials.
Excavated Fossils are lined up on the shelves.
