<var>! They said they were going this way!
<var>! What is it?
Here we go again. It's sleeping so soundly, the end of the world wouldn't wake it.
Look! It's practically a mountain, right? It's blocking the road completely. Come now, sir. Use the Poké Flute! Oh, wait... Do you even have it anymore?
Nope. I handed it over.
Or you could say it was taken... By the owner of the palace.
What? Huh? What's a Poké Flute?
Basically, the Poké Flute is what we need to wake up Snorlax. But the Poké Flute is currently at Parfum Palace.
Oh, that's it? All we need to do is go get it, then! ♪
C'mon, <var>! Let's go! ♪ The Parfum Palace is just past Route 6! And maybe at a place like that, we might learn something about Mega Evolution!
Snorlax is only sleeping, after all. When it gets in the way, we used to just wake it with the Poké Flute, but...
Stuffing your face and then sleeping... That's not a bad way to live.
There is a large Pokémon sleeping peacefully. It looks so content!
...! Snorlax opened its eyes wide!
Snorlax fled toward the mountains...
Oh, it's you two.
Did you actually manage to borrow the Poké Flute?
<var> handed over the Poké Flute!
Thanks!
Well, you're the only one who can play it, right?
Snorlax can be grumpy when it wakes up--it might attack. I'll play the flute right now, but are you ready to stop it?
Feels nice to have this flute in my hands again. OK, I guess I'll start playing.
Let me know when you're ready. I'll really put my heart into this performance.
Awesome! You caught Snorlax!
I wonder where Snorlax went. Think it'll come sleep here again?
Grrr! Ouaf!
Oh...
The only thing I can do with that Poké Flute is put it on display.
But you've been playing since you were little, and the tone is lovely.
It seems like my Furfrou also likes the sound of that flute.
Not as much as it likes my beautiful, wonderfrou fireworks, of course.
Uh... Yeah... I guess so...
Still, your playing sounded better back in the day. I'll let you take care of that flute, so be sure to practice more.
Was THAT supposed to be an attempt to patch things up?
Well, whatever! All's well that ends well. I wonder what lies past where Snorlax was sleeping.
Route 6 is also known as Palais Lane. Route 7 is also known as Rivière Walk.
Pokémon Day Care We Take Care of Your Precious Pokémon.
Battle Chateau Show your strength with a title!
Connecting Cave Ahead This is the shortcut to Cyllage City. The Ambrette Town shortcut is southwest of here.
Connecting Cave Ahead This is the shortcut to Ambrette Town.
Trainer Tips! In "Summary," you can change the position of the moves your Pokémon knows. Hold the stylus down on a move, and slide it to the new position!
Oh, hey, <var>! Trevs said he wants to check out the Pokémon Day Care. Come with us!
Umm...
<var>! You already caught Dunsparce? You're amazing!
Hey, <var>, have you caught Dunsparce?
Hey, <var>, have you seen Dunsparce?
Seeing Trevs's Pokémon move will be so cool.
Nothing gets me pumped up like dancing with Pokémon!
Win or lose--either way, you gotta smile! If your Pokémon see you getting down in the dumps, they might be less confident.

Um... So, <var>. About how many Pokémon have you seen? Do you want to compare Pokédexes and find out who has seen more kinds of Pokémon? To put it another way, I'm challenging you to my own kind of Pokémon battle.
Sigh... Well, I'll complete the Pokédex at any rate.
So, you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon... I've seen 50, so I guess I win!
So, you've seen <var> kinds of Pokémon... I lost... How frustrating!
We've both seen 50 kinds of Pokémon... Well, I may not have won, but I didn't lose either. In other words, it's a tie!
Oh! So, you've seen Ralts, too, <var>? Just knowing about the same Pokémon as someone else can sure make you happy!
Are you familiar with Kecleon? It's a Pokémon with an interesting Ability called Color Change.
Maybe I'll stop the Evolution so my Pokémon will learn moves faster. But if I evolve my Pokémon, I can fill my Pokédex more quickly.
<var>, do you know about this building? It's called the Battle Chateau, and it's famous for being a place where Trainers gather to improve their skills.
If I learn even more about Pokémon, I'm sure I'll be able to defeat Kalos's eight Gym Leaders.
There's a Pokémon I saw when I was little that I don't remember well. I wonder if filling up my Pokédex will help me remember what it was.
Tierno observes Pokémon movements very astutely for his dances. I think that will help him with Pokémon battling, as well.
Many things can be learned about Pokémon by watching them battle.
There's a Pokémon I saw when I was little that I don't remember well. I wonder if filling up my Pokédex will help me remember what it was.

If you all don't mind, I'd like to have a Pokémon battle with everyone. Now, how should we pair up? Hmm... Let's go with Tierno and Trevor against <var> and me.
Let's go with Tierno and Trevor against <var> and me.
OK, <var>. Since we're neighbors, we might as well battle together, right?
Oh, I get it. You don't just charge right into battle blindly, do you?

It sure is interesting to see how different each Trainer's style is. Well, I guess we should head off to Ambrette Town, then.

OK, let's battle. Tierno and Trevor, you'll battle against <var> and me.
It'll be Tierno and Trevor against <var> and me.
I thought these would be good teams since you and I are neighbors.
Not ready to battle, huh?

Everyone sure has a different approach to being a Trainer. Well, that was fun, but I guess we should head to Ambrette Town.
Aren't you going to give him the Poké Flute?
I can't wait to hear what the Poké Flute sounds like! ♪
