Wait! Lucario!!!
Sorry about that! Are you OK? I was just doing some special training with my Lucario when all of a sudden it dashed off...
Hey, Lucario! What's going on with you? Did you get drawn in by this boygirl's aura or something?
Carrrr!
Huh. Well, it seems Lucario likes you!
Thanks!
You think so?
See, Lucario can read people's auras. I guess something in your aura has made this one take a liking to a stranger! This Lucario is always getting worked up in battle with my other one. Maybe it's just been waiting for a Trainer to appear who's strong enough to challenge it...
Oops, sorry! I was on such a roll, I forgot to even introduce myself! I'm Korrina, the Shalour City Gym Leader. If you're collecting Gym Badges, I'm sure we'll be battling sooner or later! I'll be looking forward to it. I hope you know how to roll with the punches!
My goodness... Pokémon hordes are certainly intense...
Yeah! They're just like a dance team made up of Pokémon, aren't they?
Oh, Tierno, do you ever think about anything besides dancing?
Nope! Even during Pokémon battles, I'm always checkin' out their moves! And then my feet just starting moving, too! I can't even help it, y'know? Like with Swords Dance! I love it! I guess that's why I can never win...
Oh, hey, it's <var>! Do your Pokémon know any sweet moves? Show me in a battle!
Good to see you, <var>... Excuse me, I meant <var>. It really does seem as though Tierno can only think about dancing and moves. When a horde of Pokémon popped out, he just stood there watching them...
Well, yeah, Trevs! Coming up with the world's best Pokémon dance IS my dream, after all! I was born to dance! I won't ever stop! Not with moves like this!
That's indeed a perfect dream for you, Tierno. I guess I should show just as much dedication to my dream of completing the Pokédex, then! It's good to be serious about some things!
Oh, uh, <var>? Do take this Honey, won't you?
You see, using Honey will encourage Pokémon hordes to appear. Though if you are going to challenge a whole horde... You may want to use moves that can hit multiple targets.
Man, I really want to meet a Pokémon that can use the move Teeter Dance. Then I'd wanna dance with it, right?
Route 5 Also known as Versant Road
Trainer Tips! There are some buttons that really come in handy! For example, pressing the Y Button will let you use registered items! To register an item, select it in the KEY ITEMS Pocket in your Bag, and then select "REGISTER"!
Skate Park
