The time has finally come for my talent to blossom!
Yes... I'm in full bloom...
That what blooms must fall seems to be the decree of fate...
Leave it to my talent! I'll show you how prettily I can bloom!
Too bad... I didn't have enough water...
Hey, what's up with this? You sayin' you wanna take me on?
What's that now? You got a problem with something?
But I'm... But I'm... Waaaa!!
I-I'm ready to go when it's on!
Did everything I could! Got no regrets!
Don't underestimate me! I'm the tops at school!
Heh-heh! How about that! You should remember me now!
I'm the tops at school... But only at school...
Leave this to me! I'm the tops at school!
The frog in the school... Drowned in the waves of society...
Heh-heh! I won't take it easy on you! Let's have a fun match!
All right! I was lucky!
Win or lose, it's still fun! Battles are awesome!
An awesome battle! Let's enjoy it together!
Ahh, that was fun! Let's do it again sometime!
You all set?
A good result!
Anyway, thank you!
You all set?
See ya! Don't worry about it!
E-e-e-easy. Let's take it easy. Can't help it if we get flustered.
Did you...maybe take it a little too easy?
Maybe I took it too easy...
If you're with me, let's take it easy. E-e-e-easy.
To be honest, maybe you take it easier than I do.
Hey! That's pretty cold! I told you to call me if there's gonna be a battle!
Hey, what's your deal? That's it?
Hey, you're a lot of fun! You gotta call me next time, too!
Thanks for picking me! Let's go all out!
Wha-a-at, that's it? Call me again sometime!
My precious Pokémon! No way am I gonna lose!
See? Just like I thought! 'Cause I never lose!
Th-that was— Is this for real?
My precious Pokémon! Don't you dare let them get hurt!
Heeey! My Pokémon got hurt!
I-I'm full o' courage! I-I'mma do my best!
Yay-yay! I did my best! Mama!
Even though I did my best... Mama...help me...
Huh? Yer not my mama...
I'm going home to mama...
Here you are! The Masked Man! I'll take you on!
Whoo! Justice! Justice usually wins!
*sniffle* The hero isn't s'posed to lose...
The hero of justice has arrived! You can leave it to me!
Doesn't justice usually involve winning?
I still don't have my own Pokémon. I borrowed my big brother's Pokémon.
Ah... I won... I knew my big brother was great!
What do I do? My big brother's Pokémon are...
I'll give it my best shot with my big brother's Pokémon!
My big brother's Pokémon are... I wonder if he'll be mad at me...
Y'see me, thing is, I got no idea, y'know, why I'm here.
Just now, y'know, I got no idea, umm, what happened.
So yeah, I kinda, right now, got no idea what I'm doing.
So uhh, I got no idea, umm, why I was called.
So yeah, I, uhh, got no idea why, y'know, I gotta go home.
The magic girl is here! I'm gonna discipline you!
Hee-hee! I'll turn you into a Pokémon with my magic!
Waah! My magic isn't working! There's something weird about you!
The magic girl is here! You want me to discipline everyone, right?
Ahh! My magic ran out! I've gotta make a sacrifice!
I dunno difficult stuff! But I'll do my best!
I dunno difficult stuff! But I won!
I dunno difficult stuff! Izzat why I lost?
I dunno difficult stuff! But I'll do my best!
I dunno difficult stuff! Must be why I lose!
Maybe you really think you c'n beat me?
Never in a million years, right? Ohoho! Ohohohoho!
What a cocky kid! I'mma tell my daddy on you!
Oh I got this! You can just sit back and watch!
It's 'cause you didn't go all out! Get it together!
I'll try rully rully hard! You try hard, too!
I tried hard! You, too—keep trying, keep trying!
I tried rully hard! That's all I got! That's it!
I'll try hard! That's it!
I tried rully hard! You tried hard, too!
I'm OK with something casual right now! I want to experience romance again!
But I just came here thinking that a nice, strong guy would be enough...
Love and travel are similar, aren't they? At a certain point, each must end.
I'm looking for a nice guy! You've gotta help me out!
I didn't find any nice guys... I'll get my revenge next time...
Augh... My tummy is in pain... To the extreme... Auugh...
Oooh... My stomach's about to turn into a volcano...
Food and water poisoning are the true charm of travel, aren't they...
Augh... My tummy is in pain... That's a sign that I'm in good form...
My tummy pain is gone... Maybe that's why we lost...
There was a bunch of stuff going on, and I ran away to this place.
Keep my secret, OK? I'll never forgive you if you tell anyone.
It's about time for me to change my face again.
Let's do this quickly 'cause I don't wanna stand out too much!
Come on, let's leave quickly or someone will see us...
Ugh... After all, in this region, too...
Huh... I'm so bored I can't stand it...
Wherever I do stuff with Pokémon, there's no real change for the better...
I am pretty bored, so shall we do this together?
I actually wasn't that bored! You're pretty good!
I crossed a steep mountain range in coming here from afar.
My Pokémon got toughened up through climbing.
The way of battle is like a mountain in that they're both steep climbs.
You calling me must mean that there's a high mountain to climb.
We have to descend at one of the last stations, before reaching the top.
The tough guy of all tough guys! That's my nickname!
You wanna know why I'm strong? Because I'm a tough guy!
The tough-guy nickname...I guess you took it from me...
You called the tough guy! Sure! Leave it to me!
There's nothing to worry about... You were tough, too...
Yeah, boss! Is it time for battering practice?
Yeah! Yeah, yeah! Thanks for this, boss!
Yeah! Yeah, yeah! Thanks for that, boss!
Yeah, boss! I won't be pushed out of the ring!
Yeah! Thanks for that! Let's train again sometime!
I hate being fussy! I guess the brute-force approach really is best!
Battle is about pummeling and pummeling! Scram if you're weak!
Good, good! You've got a lot of physical strength!
OK, let's hurry up and do it! Let's power through this!
It's unavoidable... The weak just fade away...
No, no, I'm not playing hooky! It's just a long lunch break!
I lose track of time when I'm here.
Ah, well... Guess I better be getting back...
My lunch break isn't over, so keep me company for a bit.
OK, guess I better get back to work...
Hey! Hey, chief! Are you listening to me?!
Hey, what's this, chief?! It's too early for you to give out!
Good stuff, chief! Let's go to another place!
Ah, that's the chief all right! We going to the next place?!
Sorry, chief! That's it for me!
During work I've been sparing no effort to steadily train!
The coexistence of work and Pokémon! That's my dream!
The coexistence of work and Pokémon... That must be a dream...
I finished up work early today!
Huh, it's over already? But I finished up early for this!
This is my first year as a working adult! It's my first year as a Trainer, too!
Huh, I guess you're still a newcomer, too!
Seems like I've got a ton of stuff I've still got to learn...
I may still be a newcomer, but I'll give it everything I have!
We're both still newcomers, so there's still a lot ahead of us!
After five, it's Pokémon battle! That's a smart woman's etiquette!
Being strong in battle puts you on the fast track to promotion!
You won't even play the good host to me?! There's no way you're getting promoted!
Leave it to the smart woman! I'll get you promoted, too!
You've gotten this far thanks to me!
This kind of battle is really just a break...
See? That was just play... It was totally useless...
That was slightly entertaining... Only slightly...
This is a break... It's really just a break...
Well, it was only slightly so, but I guess that was fun.
O-oh! Oh, oh! Y-you wanna tangle with me?
Heh... Heh, heh, heh... I did it... Me...
Oh! Don't you come here again! No! Don't come back!
O-oh! It's been a while, huh? Leave this to me!
I-I did what I could! Don't look at me like that!
Hunh?! What's yer problem? You lookin' at me?
I won't go easy on ya just 'cause yer a whippersnapper!
When two sets of eyes meet, ya gitcha a one-on-one battle! 'S what it is t'be a Trainer!
Yep! Leave it t'me! I'll right near shoot the works!
I'm real sorry... I'm confident in my one-on-one battling but...
This is me... So I'll get at it...
Hee-hee... With this, I, too...
Urgh... But why...
This is me... So I'll get at it...
But it's not my fault...
Huh? You think I'm a bad dude? Nah, this is just fashion.
When it comes to Pokémon, too, Dark type is still the coolest.
Being a little bad is best 'cause you can be direct and popular.
Being a little bad makes you popular! That's my style!
If we had lost in a bit of a cooler way, we would've been all set.
I've turned this bad because I wanted to be called a pixie.
Aren't girls who twist guys and Pokémon around their finger the worst?
If your face and style are dull, you need other charms.
Oh, it's been a while. But I'm glad you called on me.
Of course I'm disappointed, but I tried my best, really.
Gimme your Pokémon! Yeah, gimme right now!
You lost, so gimme! Gimme yer Pokémon!
Other people's Pokémon are super appealing...
Aha! You're gonna gimme yer Pokémon? No? You wanna battle together?
Next time, you definitely gotta gimme yer Pokémon!
Hey, let's get it going! 'Cause there's no escape!
Not yet! Not by a long shot! Get up and come at me!
Nice! I've got a thing for you! You're something else!
All right! Let's go! Get psyched up!
Rather than feeling down after losing, you gotta think about the next time! Right?
Hey-hey, here we go, right? You and me, yeah!
What! What, what! No way—it's over already?!
No way... Whoa... That was way more than I thought...
Hey, here we go right now, yeah? You and me, yeah!
It's over already... Seems super early, right?
All right, here I go! I'mma knock it outta the park!
There it goes! A big, big-tiiiiime home run!
...Ahhh. Guess I'm out.
You and me as the battery! We'll show the whole world!
Eh, some days you don't have it and you strike out.
...My bat is crying because it wants a hit so badly.
Oh boy, I got another boring hit...
Ack... A grounder... I don't usually hit ground balls...
Perhaps you'd like to swap jerseys with me...
Three outs and time to change sides... A fielder uses a toothpick even when he hasn't eaten...
When it comes to batting, you've gotta swing to get a hit.
See, you've gotta start by doing your daily practice swings.
In life, too, if you don't swing, you won't hit anything at all.
Oh, you're fired up! OK, OK, let's get it cranked up!
I swung with everything I had, so it's OK with me, even though I didn't hit anything.
Get into my stance, then hit... Get into my stance, then hit...
I hit it... I got a hit...
Another swing and a miss...
Get into my stance, then hold my bat high... Get into my stance, then hold my bat high...
I ended up swinging and missing...
And now, for the final game! No way I'll lose!
If you always feel your back's against the wall when you battle, you'll get results.
A sense of pressure is important for battling.
If you wanna form a duo with me, then we're aiming for the top!
It didn't work out... There wasn't enough pressure...
All right!
Ooh! Yes!
Dang!
All right!
Dang!
Wa-hah-hah! Kneel before my Pokémon!
Whoa, you didn't have to actually kneel! I just said that because I got excited.
Heh-heh! There you go! Well, I underrated you!
Wa-hah-hah! I can't exactly pop right out when called, so I walked here.
Even though I did what I could, this is the result. Eh, sometimes there are days like this.
Whoa! You're my opponent! I'm a little stoked!
Oh! You OK? You're barely breathing!
Oh! Your Pokémon are samurai! They're super dangerous!
Whoa! You're my partner! I'm really stoked!
There shouldn't be any mistakes between you and me...
It's summer all year round in Alola, so let's enjoy a blazing battle!
Whew, I worked up a sweat! Time to head to the ocean for a dip!
Good-bye, summer!
You called me for a blazing battle, right?
You worked up a sweat, too! C'mon, let's head to the ocean!
Whether it's fun or not is up to your Pokémon.
Well, it's happy and fun times to win, but I feel bad for your Pokémon.
I lost, but that was fun! You and your Pokémon are fantastic!
Whether it's fun or not is up to the two of us.
I lost, but it was fun because we were together. ♪
Ahh... I feel sluggish in this heat... Let's get this started...
Ahh... Sluggish... I feel super sluggish from winning...
Ahh... Hot... I feel super hot from losing...
Aah... Hot...and...sluggish...
Sluggish... I feel sluggish just from talking...
If I win this battle, I'll fess up to the person I like!
Ack, I won! Really? Oh no! What do I do?!
Don't get in the way of someone's romance!
I don't have the guts to fess up to the person I like, so I take refuge in battle.
When I lose in battle it feels like I'm about to get dumped.
Howdy! Are you a local? Do you understand what I'm saying?
Well! What an honor! You showed me such hospitality!
Coming at me out of the blue... This is why it's scary to go overseas...
Howdy! Are you a local? Where do you feel like taking me?
First you force me out here, and then I get my butt kicked. This place is awful.
This is my first time coming to a place like this, so please go easy on me.
Ha... How refreshing... Can we keep going?
H-hey! What's up with this?! Are you ripping me off?!
I don't have a lot of tag-team experience, so please go easy on me.
Whew... How refreshing... I did pretty well, right?
We came here specially on our honeymoon, but my bride ran off somewhere...
In this situation... Ah, what do I do...?
She's so fickle that I'm feeling uneasy... Aah...
My bride ran off somewhere. You gotta help me out!
The battle may have ended, but where'd my bride run off to...?
I did so much shopping that I'm totally broke...
I won the battle, so give me some spending money!
On top of that, I lost the battle... I'm stone broke...
I'll help you out in the battle, so can you loan me some cash?
See how cool I was? So, loan me some cash!
When you're on a trip, lose your inhibitions. Lose 'em, lose 'em all. ♪
This is a vacation! It's all about having fun! ♪
But I don't want to be disgraced like this!
An opponent I met in passing as my partner! This is another part of the appeal of vacations!
Wow! You're the best. ♪ I got an unforgettable memory. ♪
Uhh... What is this place? Doesn't smell like vacation!
No way, no way! This isn't my idea of vacation!
I've gotta get outta here now! My vacation will be over!
What's your deal...? You gonna give me a vacation?
Totally and completely nope! This isn't my idea of vacation!
Hey, hey. I'll shine your Pokémon up good!
I did a good job! So clean, you could lick 'em!
Hey! Why you running off?! I still haven't done the waxing!
You and me, we'll shine up the opponent's Pokémon!
Can't handle this one... I couldn't do any polishing at all...
Cleaning is just like training! I'm all muscle!
Cleaning makes for good training. Old movies will tell ya that.
How fierce is the cleaning that you do?!
Here you are, you youngster! You're here to apply yourself to training with me!
You're pretty good! I can sense your growth!
My old lady laid down an ultimatum. She said it was either her or my mop!
My old lady's my old lady. My mop is my mop.
My mop is way cuter than my nagging old lady.
Usually my mop or my old lady is my partner, but I guess this time it's you.
Anyway, you're a lot better than my old lady.
Oh yeah, it's great to skip out on work for a battle.
Whatever you're doing, it's great to hide out and do it secretly.
If my boss finds out about this, first I'll be fired, then the wife will divorce me.
I skipped out on work for this again. Don't tell anyone.
Oh man! Oh man, listen! My boss just saw me!
Pokémon are our partners on the site! Our ties are deep!
We're always together on the site. It's a different sort of combination.
Even tough work is a cinch if you have Pokémon.
We who have toughened up on the site will lend you our strength!
OK, that's it for us this time! Call us again, partner!
It bothers me that young people these days are totally lacking in perseverance.
So you're another member of today's youth. What's it going to be like when I'm an old guy...
I heard the same thing when I was young, and it was pretty irritating.
Oh, a member of today's youth... I ask you to be steady...
Because the kids these days... Me, too, I guess...
Nope! No way in the world am I just gonna idly slip into senility!
Nope! Nope! Nope! I still wanna be in my prime!
Not like this... No way I wanna get closer to dying...
Nope! No way I'm joining you! And anyway, I'll hold you back!
Not like this... I hate good-byes...
Elders should be respected. You get that, right?
Be guided by children when you're old? What hogwash!
...You've made enemies of the older generation around the nation.
You as my partner? In that case, you get it, right? Right?
Making an old guy work too hard... You're something else...
My grandkids are cheering me on. No way I'll lose.
Pappy won! I won!
Sorry... Your pappy lost...
With the cheers of my grandkids in my heart, this pappy is aflutter!
No... Please don't look at me... Don't look at your pappy...
I used to be a Trainer who was feared as a witch.
It's impolite to call me a witch, since I'm so nice.
Gghh... This is unforgivable... I'm definitely gonna put a curse on you...
So you're gonna leave it to me, I who was called a witch?
Gnhh... This grudge... I won't forget it for as long as I live...
I used to be called a diamond in the rough, although that was decades ago.
I'm still a diamond in the rough! I'll keep growing!
I aged while still in the rough, and now my diamond is tarnished.
The diamond in the rough is here! Well! The time for growth!
I guess, since I remained a diamond in the rough, it was my fate to be shattered into pieces.
Before I die, allow me to go all out in a Pokémon battle once again!
Aah... The thrill of rushing about... I don't want to die for a long while yet!
Losing reignited my fire! The ending is still a long way off!
Before I die, I'd been wanting to form a duo with someone once again.
I'm burning from my loss! Rejuvenation complete!
Just fighting, even if I'm reduced to ash. In short, that's my path.
Winning or losing is worthless. I find meaning in how I fought.
Being reduced to ash, yet still fighting as ash, is the way of the Trainer.
Our way of life is, namely, our way of death. You will pay keen attention to this on our side.
This is it: our life is our path, just moving forward without any regrets.
Well! Here I come!
Pretty good skills... You should apply yourself...
The underdog has no mouth with which to speak...
Well! Here we come!
The losers simply fade away...
Aim for a hole in one! Roar, my driver!
Hnnn! An albatross!
Looks like I got a triple bogey...
Here's my caddy! Get my driver!
Hey, caddy...I was a long way from the green...
Well, I couldn't make it as a professional, so I'm a lesson pro.
They're not golf lessons. I'm giving Pokémon lessons.
You show promise. You could probably make it as a pro.
I'm working as a lesson pro, so I'm good at working with others.
You're good at working with others. You could probably make it as a pro.
I started so I could welcome guests, but I got totally hooked.
Unfortunately it costs a lot of money to play golf.
Don't get the wrong idea—that was just my welcoming play.
I won't say we have to welcome them. Don't hold me back.
You'll never succeed if you don't become more considerate.
I started just to keep my daddy company, but at some point I became obsessed.
You have pretty good taste! Wanna go out with me?
I guess as your social relationships broaden, so do your hobbies. Heh.
My daddy's not here today! So let's go together. ♪
Young kids really are different! Even if we lose, we are still cheerful. ♪
You gotta shout when you swing! Like this: "Wonton noodles!"
Tempo is important for both golf and Pokémon!
Ph-phew!
Shout when you swing! Like this: "Wonton noodles!"
Argh! We lost because the timing of our shouting was off.
You're my new caddy? You sure you're cut out for that?
Hey! You're already done? What a wussy caddy!
Just as I'd expect from my caddy! I was right to hire you on. ♪
OK! Let's play a round! Let's get fired up!
It wasn't your fault, caddy. I wasn't on my game...
The Pokémon I raised will be tough for you to deal with! You betcha!
I raised them with care! You betcha! Yeah, so they can't be beat! You betcha!
No way this could happen! You betcha! I messed up! You betcha!
You and I will fight together to the bitter end! You betcha!
I gave it everything I had! You betcha! I've got no regrets! You betcha!
I've raised a bunch of Pokémon, but I haven't found "the one."
Raising Pokémon is, like, actually really difficult.
Seems like you've raised your Pokémon up really well.
These guys aren't too impressive, but I leave one to you.
It's hard for me to say, but our result wasn't too impressive...
Ohh... You look robust... Let this old-timer train you!
See, I've gotta train you! All right! C'mon over here!
Hold it! Don't run away! Leave it to this old-timer!
All right! Let's get going! Everyone's gonna train with this old-timer!
I got to do a lot of training, so I'm satisfied. Let's all go training again sometime!
Please... Don't tease the Pokémon I raised...
What do you think...? My Pokémon... Really cute, right...?
You're awful. Awful... Please don't harm others...
Please be considerate around the Pokémon I raised...
Why won't you protect me...?
Caring for Pokémon from morning until night! It's tough being a Breeder!
I wonder if there isn't someone somewhere who will care for me.
Just liking it isn't enough to keep you going. In this job, you take on life itself.
Oh! Are you gonna care for me?
Hey now! You just throw me away if we lose?! Doesn't that seem just awful to you?!
I built up these muscles through work! You wanna check and see if it's all for show?
*flex flex*
But using my muscles is what I do...
I built up these muscles through work! Just sit back and watch my team!
*flex flex*
I'm here studying as part of my training as a new employee.
I'm learning how to win a battle without harming the customer.
I'm learning how to lose a battle without getting annoyed.
This is duo training as part of my training as a new employee.
I learned a lot. Thank you very much.
Huh? You want good service? Then aren't you forgetting something?
Y'see, if you provide your service and sincerity for free, others will take advantage of you.
Hey, hey, what about the tip! The tip! My livelihood depends on that!
This time we'll be partners, so you can relax 'cause I don't need a tip.
You're really dedicated, aren't you? You seem cut out for the service industry.
I got hooked on Pokémon battles to the point that I lost everything.
Just like me, my friends also strayed from the path here.
Just having something I can get so into that I go a little nuts makes me happy.
I spend more time here than I do at home.
I see you around pretty often, too... Pretty soon there will be no turning back for us.
Excellently raised Pokémon are my specialty.
Raising them with the best food makes them the strongest.
You're no gourmand, are you? I can't do anything for those with no taste buds.
I'm ready to cook up another challenge!
No... For us to have been eaten up with such relish...
You're young so eat up. Yeah, don't be shy!
I bet you could still eat! When you're young, even if your stomach is bursting, you should just eat!
No need to chew! 'Cause food is really just a drink!
Hey! You're younger than me, so it's up to you to really chow down!
Whoops, I messed up. Next time I'll give you so much food, you'll be bursting.
I'm the cooking wizard! Time for me to get you prepped!
Nu-ha-ha-ha! All right! I'll salt and pepper you up!
Nu-ha-ha-ha! I didn't have all the ingredients I needed, so farewell!
It's the advent of the cooking wizard! OK! I'll whip up some BBQ!
Nu-ha-ha-ha! I'm tuckered out! All right! I'll fix up a meal!
I'm a dude who's always burning! Here I go! Complete combustion!
You've gotta burn, too! Burn, baby! This is no time for smoldering!
You think it's too hot?! Don't tell the truth!
I'm a dude who's always burning! Let's go! Complete combustion!
You still think it's too hot?! But I said it's not cool to tell the truth!
Th-this line of work causes your family to worry about you.
With this kind of dangerous job, having a steady relationship is kinda... Haha...
Well, I guess you could say that fire is my sweetheart right now? Kinda? Ha, haha.
The job is the job, so I'm pretty used to teaming up with others.
It's my fault for imagining what it would be like if you were that girl I admire...
What's your deal? You'd be OK with me arresting you? That'd be OK, right? You'd be OK with that?
O-K! Arrested! This is the moment when I snap on the handcuffs! Awe...some!
Hold on! Lemme arrest you! Even if it's just a mistaken arrest!
Oh! It's you! Let's go make an arrest! Doesn't matter who it is. Let's make an arrest!
The suspect who fled was huge, right? Let's go make another arrest sometime!
Since my grandfather's generation, we've been Policemen, but there aren't any particular career opportunities in the field.
We begin as Policemen, and then it ends.
There are some Pokémon that can't evolve. Their lives are already determined when they come into the world.
Someone is curious about teaming up with a Policeman. That person has weighty expectations.
Here, the journey ends.
Part of a justice squad! A Policeman has come!
No one can stand up to a Policeman! Penalty administered!
It's a shame, but this Policeman must stop at this point.
A Policeman! Has come! Let's go together! Police kid!
Sorry! Police kid! It's a shame, but I must stop at this point.
I'm a mad scientist! Modification is my hobby!
I'll make you really strong! So it's OK for me to modify you, right?
You guys are really strong! Have you been modified?
I'm a mad scientist! Should we do modification together?
You were unusually strong! You haven't been modified, right?!
I may not look it, but I'm an outdoors type and surfing is my pastime.
I'm usually doing lab work, aren't I? See, I just want to get some sunlight.
If you don't take in the sea breeze and the like, don't you start to get a little down?
Hey there! Sure. Leave it to me! I'm pretty confident!
OK then. Good work! I've gotta get on to the next thing!
According to my data, in this match...I've got a 98 percent chance of victory.
Data never lies... People, on the other hand...
M-my calculations were off?!
According to my data, with this duo...we've got a 99 percent chance of victory.
Probabilities are probabilities... Just like unsteady people...
I'm jealous... You're still a kid... I wish I could go back to that time...
I've become a corrupt adult, so I'm underhanded in battles, too.
Where has that pure version of me from those days gone?
Let me get back that pure and innocent version of me from those days!
There's no hope for me. I'm already a tarnished adult...
I've trained 10 years for this day!
Nuhaha! The fruits of my training!
I've trained 10 years for this day...but I completely forgot to train my Pokémon.
I've trained 10 years for this encounter!
I trained day in, day out, and I completely forgot about being social.
The wishes contained in my fist! I'll convert them to power and let them flow now!
As a Trainer, my skill is the only part of me that talks.
My spirit...didn't quite measure up...
The fighting spirit that wells up in our breast! Let's make use of it as we get this going!
I didn't have the capability... Sorry...friend...
There are those who dance and those who watch. Which describes your life, I wonder?
Anyway, when it comes to this transient life, I'm gonna be dancing.
Is there meaning to being born to a life of just watching and empty words, I wonder?
Life is transient. Let's bloom without fear of falling.
Thanks for the fun moment. If we're alive together, let's do this again.
Yeah, this is cosplay. I just wanted to be someone different.
I can look however I want to look. It's not bothering anyone.
I spoke of being a different person, but I guess the regular me is here...
If we're going to take the trouble, it would've been nice if you had also come in cosplay...
Next time we come here, let's do matching cosplay.
Dizzying dancing, hula dance. ♪ Swaying side to side, I feel dizzy. ♪
I did pretty well...this time. ♪ I managed to win. Hula dancer. ♪
I lost badly. Ugh, this is lame. ♪ I'll totter on home. I'm not home yet. ♪
Let's dizzyingly dance, hula dance. ♪ Let's the two of us dance, round and round. ♪
I lost badly. Ugh, this is lame. ♪ I'm sniffling, so comfort me. ♪
I'll record my battle with you in a Battle Video!
I got some incredible footage! I'll upload it to the net right away!
I can't upload this current data to the net...
I'll record our duo battle together in a Battle Video!
I don't think I'm going to upload that data to the net...
I'll serve as the opponent for you. You can't at least thank me beforehand?
I served as the opponent for you. You don't have any token of gratitude for me?
I-I was the opponent, you know! You can't at least lose for me?
I'll join in a duo! No way we'll lose, right?
I joined in the duo! I can't believe this result!
I'll defeat you, get a bunch of money, and become huge, so please allow this to happen.
It's OK. Not everyone can be like me—someone who would put their life on the line for Pokémon.
I'm already shabbadabba—the show's over for me. But I can't dislike a person like you.
I'm here. You're here. We've got some leeway.
I'm already shabbadabba—the show's over for me. But I can't dislike a fight alongside you.
If you win, I'll tell you my most treasured secret...
That's really too bad, isn't it? My secret will remain a secret.
My secret... It's in my name...
It's a secret even to my partner, the mystery I hide.
That was close... I'll head home, bearing my secret.
Whoa! You seem super strong! With all this excitement, let's go!
Whoa! That was seriously intense! I'm shaking from the adrenaline!
Whoa! That was seriously scary! My pulse is pounding!
Whoa! Haven't seen you for a while! With all this excitement, let's go!
Whoa! I'm seriously out! I might pass out!
All right, let's do this.
Yeah, good work.
Yep, you're strong.
All right, let's go.
OK, see ya.
Relax and leave it to me. I've got some experience.
You learned something, right? Experience is important after all!
My Pokémon and I were no match for you. You and your Pokémon are more than you seem to be.
Leave it to me! I'll show you something great!
I learned a lot! I won't give up and I'll keep fighting!
There are two types of strength... The hard- working type and the talented type.
Even if you work hard, you're no match for my talent!
You've got talent and you work hard?!
You, the hardworking type, should just support me, the talented type.
Were we lacking in talent? Hard work? Or both?
Now I'm a scientist, but I used to be a doctor.
You must be willing to use moves if you want to understand their power.
As you might expect from someone who was a doctor, I'm not very good at hurting Pokémon.
Even if we lose, I'll fix you up. I'm only partway through my research, though.
Good work, I'll fix you up. I've got absolutely zero confidence that I can though.
If I had encountered Pokémon at an earlier point, my life might've been much different.
While dealing almost wholly with machines, my heart froze up.
I'm tired of computers. I want a living companion.
If I had encountered you at an earlier point, my life might've been much different.
Living companions are pretty great, aren't they?
I love karate! Do you like karate?
I like Pokémon battles, too! But I like karate more!
I like karate! But I don't like you!
I love karate! I'll go at it with karate!
Oh... Didn't do enough training... I'm gonna go do karate...
Mm!
Hm!
Nn!
Mm!
Rrr!
My hands are cramped and my feet are blistered, but still, I must dance.
I've got to work on my dancing skills to be the best dancer.
Standing in front of people is a really daunting thing.
I can't do too much, but I'll at least cheer you on with dance.
Was my dancing not good? I'll dance well next time.
If they watch me dancing, even Pokémon get really excited!
Uh uh! Come on now! You can go a lot further!
You're really pumped up, too! All right! All-night dancing!
Let's get pumped up and get at it! Follow my lead!
That wasn't enough for me! Promise that you'll call me again!
Even I, an ordinary Collector, was able to join the aces!
Heh... It's tough, isn't it...the ace title...
Alas! For me to be in this predicament, I bring dishonor to the aces!
Leave it to me, Ace Trainer that I am!
Heh... We're cowardly...you and I...
I shall break in this unknown junior Trainer.
Heh, heh... Maybe I'll give you a candy after that whipping.
Hey there, that's it, junior Trainer! Perhaps you want to break me in?
Unknown junior Trainer, I'll form a tandem with you!
The party ends here this time. Let's get together again, junior Trainer!
Hunh... You... Somewhere, I've...
Huh... Who was that...?
I can't remember... Even though I should know it...
Hunh... You again... Let's see, you must be...
It's no good... I can't remember... Now, who were you again...?
I must not forget my initial resolution! I'll always have that newcomer feeling!
Thanks! I'm grateful to you! I learned a lot!
Thanks! I'm grateful to you! Please treat me to something, mentor!
I must not forget my initial resolution! I'll work on staying fresh!
Thanks! Nice work! OK, that's it for me!
Let's not beat around the bush! I'm your opponent! Bring it on!
A Trainer who can't win is worthless! Leave the ring...immediately!
Mercy is mockery of one's opponent! Come on! Finish it!
Our mission is simple! Completely rout them all!
We didn't achieve our goal! We're disqualified as Trainers!
They're my cherished friends, but don't take it easy on them.
You were unlucky. With Pokémon, too, you have to wonder what they were born to do.
Making their friends fight is the calling of Trainers.
We must be prepared if we're going to send our cherished friends into the ring.
Whether we win or lose, our Pokémon still get hurt. It makes you think, right?
You believe in them more than anything else... your Pokémon...
You started to doubt your belief, didn't you... That's why you lost.
Believing is good, isn't it?
I believe...in you and your Pokémon...
Since this is the result of my believing in y'all, I have no complaints about being in this state.
Here's my scream! Oowhoaaaaa!
Here's my scream! Yeah-gooooooood!
Here's my scream! Guwhoaaaa!
Here's my scream! Oowhoaaaaa!
It's all over! Allllll riiiiiight!
I'm always able to mutter these feelings only after I say good-bye.
This violent throbbing in my chest... you must not be aware of it...
Bye-bye. Don't look back... That back... I'll never forget it.
Our meeting signals our parting. But we must press on.
This ceaseless, stirring refrain... I'll still keep it to myself.
Oh, I get it, all right. You're here for action, right? Fire it up! I'm so fired up!
I just barely won, but...this kid is something special...
Hey, what's the story with you guys...? Your Pokémon are absolute monsters...
Oho! It's you! This one's fired up!
This kid's definitely got a bright future! The future's really something to look forward to!
With Pokémon I have long been living... With only Pokémon I have long been living...
With only Pokémon I've been living, so that I'm strong is a given...
With only Pokémon I am living... My remaining years seem unforgiving...
With only Pokémon I am living...so human companionship I am missing...
This losing feeling sure is gloomy... I wanna go home and get some snoozies...
I will not take you lightly. You better really be ready.
Come now, can you even stand up? Your spirit and body have been...
You are really impressive, Trainer... To have that kind of ability is priceless...
The time has some for us to flaunt our abilities.
I am dissatisfied with the result, but we can discuss that some other time.
OK, my beloved Pokémon! Put the squeeze on them!
That's it, my Pokémon! The opponent is no longer at ease!
*squeeze*
OK, let's put the squeeze on everyone!
*squeeze*
Being together, my Pokémon and I have no blind spots.
Really, you seem totally naive. What if you started over as a baby?
It's a fuzzy decision, but a loss... You absolutely reap what you sow...
You and I as a pair...this will be an intense development.
What a sentimental battlefield... I'll probably pass out as soon as I get home.
I guess I'll give it everything I've got so I have no regrets...
Hey, hey? You don't have any regrets? Right? You've got no regrets, right?
I said I'd give it everything I had, but when you lose, you have regrets.
Let's give it everything we've got so we have no regrets with each other!
I gave it everything I had, but I have nothing but regrets...
When you talk about the strongest, you're talking about me! I'm second to none!
There's no way you can beat the strongest! I'm seriously amazing!
You beat me! Me, the strongest! How can I lose?!
When you talk about the strongest, you're talking about me! So just follow my lead!
There's no way that the strongest could lose! It must be your fault!
The pure and cute type is my everyday persona.
I can only be my true self in a place like this.
Creating a persona for life is comfortable but also constraining, isn't it?
Well, if you're next to me, I can probably show my true persona.
We lost, but that was still refreshing. Give me another call sometime when you're free.
Since when I was dumped by my boyfriend, I guess I've gotten stronger.
Even if I'm strong in battles, it's meaningless if I'm not popular.
Escapism is also more helpful than you'd think.
I'm gonna fight together with you? Well, I guess that's cool with me...
Like, when you're next to me, I'm starting to feel unpopular...
I wanna take over the world when I grow up.
You lost, so you can be my faithful servant.
If my dream comes true, there's no way I'll forgive you.
I'll do my best together with you, my servant, so I can take over the world.
I'm going home! You go home, too, servant!
They call me a child prodigy, but that's tough on me, since I'm still just a novice.
Just being naturally brilliant, it's tough dealing with so much expectation.
It's beyond annoying having to deal with the unfortunate expectations of my parents and teachers.
I see that you've chosen me. Now we'll see if I can live up to expectations.
I've failed... I'll apply myself, since I'm still a novice.
My dad caught them for me. I dunno if they're strong.
Those Pokémon were strong. Thanks, Dad.
Those Pokémon were weak. My dad is dumb.
This time my dad caught strong Pokémon for me.
They're still weak. My dad is a stupid-head.
My mommy and daddy aren't here, but I'm OK because of my Pokémon.
If all my Pokémon are around, every day is fun.
I'm gonna make my Pokémon a house when I get bigger.
My big brother and big sister aren't here. This is exciting.
Thanks, Traaaiiiner! You're as cool as my Pokémon!
I've found from taking constant journeys that one's life doesn't change from those journeys.
Life does resemble a journey, but journeys are actually just journeys.
Life itself is a journey. Guess I've gotta get going somewhere.
Even though I haven't figured out the point of journeys, for you to call wandering ol' me...
It was just like we were on a journey together. That's what the battle was like. Thanks!
I've been constantly traveling for a number of years, so there's no region I don't know about.
Hotels and the road are my home. I can go anywhere by myself.
I'd like there to be a dude around just for someone to simply say "welcome home" to me.
I'll show you the know-how I've developed from traveling around the world.
...The barriers to battle are thicker than the barriers of the world.
Sorry to keep you waiting. ♪ It's time for the Hiker to enter, who is an idol to some. ♪
I won't let being in the minority get me down. ♪ I gotta be me. ♪ And I am alive. ♪
I don't need to be praised by others. ♪ I can validate myself. ♪
Sorry to keep you waiting. ♪ The Hiker is here. ♪ Thanks for picking me. ♪
Sorry to bring you down... I'll do better next time. See you...
Finally, it's my turn! I was totally sick of waiting!
After all that waiting, this is the result? You don't have much guts, do you?
Pretty impressive that you were able to beat me! You're gonna be big-time!
I was totally sick of waiting! You waited too long to call me!
Didn't have enough guts... I should eat something that gives me stamina...
Can you get ahead by working hard? Seems like that's not the kind of era we're in.
If I don't do things halfheartedly enough, I look like a fool. You would, too.
You've gotta preserve your personal life, or you'll have no time for romance, y'know?
Set a record by fighting intensely? That might be appealing to the person I like...
This is nice because it's fun. I don't care about any records.
I was so busy with work that I neglected to care for my Pokémon...
OK, time to head home and give them their due care.
See, they betray you if you don't pay attention to them! The same is true for people or Pokémon.
I haven't been caring for them lately, so I wonder if my Pokémon will listen to me...
Yep, they just totally pouted. Don't let that happen to you...
What's important at work is to be halfhearted, but in a good way.
As long as I'm emotionally prepared, my victory is assured.
Not just working hard but managing things well is what makes a grown-up. ♪
I'll give ya some tricks for making it through society e-z!
If you lose and get irritated each time, you'll look silly. Watch out for that.
When I'm tired and go home, only Pokémon make me feel welcome in that dark room.
These little guys are my support. I can't live without 'em.
I'm Pokémon dependent. But even so, it's better than being alone.
I'm so dependent on Pokémon that I'm kinda awkward with people.
This battle was kind of a rehabilitation, I guess.
Ladies and gentlemen, step right up! I am rubbish!
It's been 10-plus years since I was born saying, "goo goo ga ga!" I walk the rubbish-filled highways!
I was born to rubbish and I adhere to rubbish! My scattered thoughts are due to rubbish!
Oh! Sorry to keep you waiting! This rubbish rushed here!
This rubbishy result is because of rubbish! It's no fault of yours!
I've got more than enough of every kind of badness, but I don't mess with Pokémon.
Messing with Pokémon stoops below even what brutes do.
For real though, I feel so bad for the Pokémon that I don't like battles.
...Oh, I guess you called me. Cool, let's do this then, I guess.
Why couldn't we wreck those Trainers? If we had, then our Pokémon wouldn't have to suffer.
If you've got a goal, it's no time to worry about how you achieve it.
You might have to be cowardly, because it's meaningless if you can't achieve results.
Heh heh heh. Those were some pretty underhanded methods...but that's what it is to be a Trainer.
I'm not picky about how I do it. 'Cause I want results.
I'm still way too soft, too... I've gotta get way more underhanded...
I was brought up with tender care, and I became a fool with flying colors.
For you to lose to me, you must also be kind of—
I don't hold any grudges toward anyone, but my foolishness can't be cured.
For you to pick this pathetic-looking fool... Could it be that we are birds of a feather?
This is what happens when you pick a fool, but you were also pretty considerable.
Feels like it's the bottom of the ninth! I've gotta get a hit. When will I get a hit?!
Aah... Can you hear them? The cheers of admiration for me...
I wonder if this will be my retirement...
I'll show you how I can hit in this game! You'll be my coach!
C'mon, I said you were the coach... Now I'll have fewer highlights...
I'm announcing it right here! This battle! I've got it!
Hahaha! Just as I announced! A perfect victory for me!
I shouldn't make any promises I can't keep, like announcements or declarations.
I'm announcing it right here! I'm your teammate!
It was just as I announced! Well, it was a perfect defeat!
I took up tennis for the sake of losing weight, but I ended up—
Argh, I can't lose weight. Just moving makes me eat.
Like, I keep putting on muscle, so I'm honestly a bit macho.
In tennis terms, we're playing doubles. That's our relationship.
Your footwork is so light... What do you do each day...?
Look at that cute face... I'll mess it up for you!
There ya go! Bend that cute face even more! There ya go!
When I see a cute kid, I can't help but want to tease them.
All right! Let's go mess up cute kids together!
Even when we lose, the fact that you're stewing next to me...I'm fine with that.
I just came here nonchalantly, without anyone expecting anything of me.
But there may be meaning and value to carrying on.
My ability to continue ends here, and I guess I do, too.
I'm only capable of acting nonchalantly, so I hope that won't bother you.
That's the extent of my ability. I appreciate your partnership.
The Pokémon I raised aren't all like yours.
The battle begins from the stage of raising Pokémon.
That's how my Pokémon are... You're a worthy connoisseur, too.
I'm OK with pitching in with the Pokémon I raised.
Those were pretty well raised, too. I couldn't help but lose to them.
I'm OK with crying now as long as I'm able to have the last laugh.
I'll be able to rejoice much later. I'm aiming for something higher.
If I convert my frustration to hard work, I'll surely get stronger.
Be with me now so we can have the last laugh.
Let's remember this loss so we can aim higher, together.
Rather than following an unlikely possibility, I've got to know my limitations.
However hard I work, my limit is Rising Star.
I can't trust people who speak of hopes and dreams.
Despite knowing my own limitations, I'll try hard, so relax.
This is the limit for a Rising Star. Sorry about that.
Hey, I bought souvenirs! I bought a ton of them!
I absolutely adore shopping! I'm a shopping fool!
Gotta buy! I'm gonna buy more right after this! I wanna buy so much stuff that the shop has to shut down!
Hey, I'll battle! I'll battle a ton for you!
I absolutely adore battles! I'm a battling fool!
I came on a bargain-priced tour, so the vacation atmosphere is just about zero.
Buy cheap and you waste your money! That's really well said.
Being here is my part-time job, and I've gotta make money or I'll have no lodgings!
I'm here on a bargain-priced tour, so I can't even go to tourist spots.
The trailer towed by a bicycle hasn't come to meet me, so I'm not busy. Call me again, OK?
I've come here on my honeymoon to battle! I'm beyond saving!
My husband ran off a long time ago! But I'm having fun, so I'm OK with it!
It's so fun that I can't hold back! I guess I'm just a hopeless case!
My husband ran off since I'm always in battles, so I've been looking for my next partner.
I haven't done enough battling by a long shot! Do you want to have another battle?!
Oh, I spent some money! I got totally into buying everything up!
I'm still gonna do a bunch more shopping! I won't be able to bring it all home, but I'll still buy it!
My trunk is stuffed with souvenirs! But I'm still gonna buy like crazy!
Oh, I threw some Poké Balls! But I still wanna throw more!
My arm is swollen from throwing so many Poké Balls! But I still wanna throw more!
I'm a clean freak, so the job I have now is my calling.
The way I am, I can't stand even a speck of dust, so my family suffers.
I scrub my Pokémon three times a day so they shine.
I'm a clean freak, so I demand cleanliness in my partner.
One of our opponents was unclean, so I panicked.
I will judge whether you are unclean!
Uh-oh! You are unclean! I sentence you to punishment—cleaning!
Safe! You are pretty clean! But I sentence you to punishment—scrubbing!
Let's you and I judge together whether the world is clean!
Unfortunately, everyone is clean... That's really pretty boring...
Pokémon battles are popular at my work site, so it's causing me trouble.
It's OK if it's just a momentary fad, but it's really interfering with work.
Even I, the foreman, am hooked. So frankly, we're really behind on the construction schedule.
I came because you called, even though I'm actually in the middle of work.
Well...result aside, I'm afraid to head back...
You risk your life being a Worker, but it's plenty fulfilling.
I'm happy that I was able to boast of my work to you.
There's a spirit of adventure to constructing buildings and bridges that last 100 years, isn't there?
I'm by myself working away from home right now, so I'm glad you called.
Now I have a good yarn to tell to the kids in my hometown.
Palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, and aged eyes... I'm like a department store full of chronic diseases.
"Old but still healthy" is like calling oneself a cyborg, if you ask me.
Hospital? There's no way I'll go! I bet my character would crumble.
I've got high blood pressure, thinning hair, and old-person odor, but leave this to me.
Since I'm always at my limit, I can't really get any more worn out now.
I've got money to burn and I'm quite popular: I'm a winner.
Do I look happy? I'm actually not.
I've had bad luck only with Pokémon. The ones I have with me now are borrowed.
While the Pokémon I have are borrowed, I got them from a good place.
In the end, this might be the limit when it comes to another person's Pokémon.
Aging gracefully takes a lot of behind the scenes work.
Through unseemly struggle, somehow I look the way I do now.
Don't give me that look like, "I'm not interested in what this old lady has to say."
Oh, I haven't heard from you in a while. You must want to hear what I have to say.
Don't give me that look like, "It must be this old lady's fault."
Winners and losers arise from battle.
You can become stronger by understanding the frustration of the loser.
Your expression is like, "I'm not interested in what this old person has to say..."
Once again, we're at the point where winners and losers arise from battle.
It seems like maybe you have an expression like, "It must be this old person's fault..."
You smile with your face while you weep in your heart. That's the service industry for ya.
The smile of the service industry is simply business.
The corpse of one's tattered pride is the source of the best hospitality.
I'm in the service industry, but I won't flatter my partner.
We provided service to the opponent. This, too, is the nature of the industry.
There are no Pokémon allowed at my hotel.
If the number of customers with no manners increases, you start to feel constrained.
There are so many customers who just let their Pokémon do this or that.
Let's fight, while following the rules and maintaining our manners.
We got too caught up in manners and left them an opening.
Since I got super into golf, I picked up the habit of doing practice swings.
I do practice swings even in my room, so my furniture gets all messed up.
I have more fun doing practice swings than getting onto the course right now.
Since I got super into golf, Pokémon battles are kinda meh.
I think golf suits me better after all.
Point-blank, the hips are common to Pokémon battles and golf!
There's not enough swing in your hips! Twist more! Twist!
The swing in the hips decides the battle! All right, furiously swing with your hips!
I'm particular about motion in the hips! You better watch out!
It's 'cause there wasn't enough swing in our hips! We've gotta go at it more furiously!
Women have their weapons! Pokémon have their weapons!
You, too—you've gotta get your own particular weapon.
Is your weapon maybe your partnership with your Pokémon?
Those with their own weapons can seize victory.
You were honestly great. I was the weak link...
Rather than tedious words, we should speak with our arms!
Don't make fun of me for my slender arms. They are how I make my living!
Is it seriously possible that I can't hack it? Hey, what exactly do you do?
We've got no time for tedious talk! Yeah! Let's get fired up!
Our two-person combination... That's an issue we need to address...
Milk production is down this year, so my farm is in trouble.
I'll have to go to town to work, or it'll be tough to get by this year.
In a business with living creatures as partners, it's pretty tough to read the future.
Even though my farm is in trouble this year, I found myself coming here.
Even though I know I need to go and work away from home, it's so fun here that I don't go.
Milk production is up this year, so it's all smiles at my farm.
There's certainly some risk in a business with living creatures as partners.
I'll be able to live a life of ease this year. Maybe I'll even get a new car.
It's all smiles at my farm this year, so I'm able to spend my time at play.
If I live idly like this, next year's figures will be terrible.
Stop in and have a look at these extraordinary Pokémon!
Whaddya think? Great Pokémon, aren't they? Why don't you buy one?
Whoa, hey! Don't mess up the merchandise!
My extraordinary Pokémon! Let's get down to business!
They're not selling at all... What's wrong with them...?
C-come on! Quick! Bring it on!
Wh-what? I win sometimes!
O-OK! I gave it everything I had!
H-here we come! 'Cause we're coming on fast!
Wh-what? That look! I gave it everything I had!
O-OK! Shall we let loose, splashily, around here?
Fiiiirrrre!
Ugh... Ughhhh... What happened?
O-OK! Shall you and I let it all loose?
Ughh... I'm fine... You go on ahead of me...
Ah, when was the last time...I met a Trainer like you...?
That dreaming-of-the-future look... It's tough for me just to look at you...
I'm sure that you, too, will figure it out eventually... The "future"—there's nothing...
It's a little tough for me to have to join up with a Trainer like you.
To not give up despite losing... That kind of look is hard for me to take...
You mean you don't know about me?! I'm experienced, so I hate dealing with newbies!
After this, have I been etched in your mind?
To lose to a little newbie... I myself feel like I have sunk...
You know about me, right? So relax!
To lose to that lot of newbies... We ourselves feel like we have sunk...
Let's just say that it's rare for there to be a Trainer who can beat me.
See? Just like I told you! I'm pretty strong!
It had been a while since I'd lost! You're pretty good!
If you're a Trainer who'll partner up with me, you gonna get pretty revved up out there?
You did pretty well! Call me again sometime!
You must be my opponent! OK! Come on with it!
Take it to heart! The true strength of a Collector!
Hoohaha! Not bad! I can accept you as my rival!
Hoohaha! My rival! Well then, onward!
Hoohaha! I've gotta stop! I look forward to next time!
...Draw.
Heh...
Ack!
...Guess I'll come.
Ack!
Feels like that ace label keeps dogging me...
Whew... With this, I was able to retain my ace label...
I've had it! This stupid ace thing! Even though I'd be fine with being ordinary!
I've got the ace label! You've gotta help me out!
No! I wasn't to blame! But then again, neither were you!
I appreciate this! ...Even though I'm off, it's a regular customer...
That was really instructive! ...I've seriously gotta try to be nice...
As expected, you're quite strong! ...This is just my business smile...
I appreciate this! ...It's that regular customer again...
I'm sorry, I wasn't strong enough. ...Well, I did what I could...
I've tried training in admiration of a hero I saw when I was a kid...
Ah... I'm really an incurable fool...
In reality, there's no need for so-called heroes.
You resemble the hero I used to admire...
So-called heroes are really useless after all...
As long as my skin is elastic enough to make water bead off, I'll insist I'm a Beauty. ♪
Skin care after the battle! You better do it, too!
How to look like a Beauty... That's my main issue in life...
Leave it to me, I who look exactly like a Beauty, even though I'm a Veteran. ♪
Oh no... These crow's-feet... I've got to take care of them immediately...
...!
...!
...?


Show it to me—the true power of the first Champion of Alola!
This is what I, Kanto's top-level Trainer, can really do!
How did I lose? You really are the real deal!


The winner takes everything, and there's nothing left for the loser.
If somebody wins, the person who fought against that person will lose.
When one loses, they lose everything... The next thing I'll look for will be victory, too!
I'll follow my role until I'm able to serve as your partner.
I was unable to fulfill my role... All I can do is deeply apologize...
Being here somehow makes me nostalgic... I remember those days...
That was fun... Thank you...
Your talent...it's real.
Well, I have let up on my mission, so I'll join up with you.
The result aside, it was a good fight.
I trained in Hoenn to take on the world. Please have a look at my results!
Let's battle again sometime!
I've lost...
I hope you can bear with me, Champion!
...Still, don't you count on us just losing to you forever.
I'm glad! I'll be able to bring out the power of Pokémon by battling you!
I'll file away info on this fighting style of yours!
Splendid! You are quite the Trainer!
The secret for bringing out the power of Pokémon! I'll learn it from you!
Seems like the wearable I'm so proud of wasn't functioning well, right?
I, Cynthia, accept your challenge! There won't be any letup from me!
Even if you lose, never lose your love of Pokémon.
No matter how fun the battle is, it will always end sometime...
If I fight alongside you, I can learn everything about you!
How frustrating! It ended before I could understand you and your Pokémon!
I don't believe that people understand each other if they battle, but I'll face you anyway.
I've got pride, too. I mean, I was in Team Skull.
Yeah, yeah, you win... You're really a big deal!
I can't believe I'm teaming up with you... I'm not sure why fate has brought us together, but don't let me down!
Aww, what's wrong? Could it be that the Champion is not very good at the Battle Tree?
Doesn't matter who I'm up against, I'm gonna beat them down! That's what big bad Guzma is all about!
Not yet! I could still keep wrecking! Come at me as many times as you want!
I guess that's how it is, Champion! But I'm not beat down yet!
Heh, I like the looks of this! If it's you and me, we can beat anyone down!
Yeah, when it comes to you and me, we're best at wrecking each other!
I'll fully display the vaunted dancing of my Pokémon!
Win or lose, there's never enough dancing!
Win or lose, there's never enough dancing!
If we are truly strong, surely we can win even if we dance as we please!
Sorry! I need to keep practicing my dancing...
Thanks for stopping by! Here's today's Mallow Special!
You taste defeat when you can't draw out the excellence of your Pokémon.
Abilities must have been the secret ingredient! There are many recipes for battle!
With your Pokémon, I can produce a flavor that no one can imagine!
Now we've done it! We got greedy and mixed together a bunch of flavors, and it didn't work!
OK! Let's get this show on the road!
Tee hee! We didn't act as masked heroes just for show.
Brilliant and intense...you demonstrate a wonderful fighting style.
Leave it to me, I who am always supporting Dexio!
I'm sorry... Maybe I can't fight well in Multi Battles without Dexio.
Then I'll let my partners go wild!
I'm glad I could show off the results of my training with Sina.
Terrific! I hope you'll put victory and defeat on the line against the Kalos Champion!
Let's show them our combination in which each of us lets the excellence of the other shine!
Forgive me... Of course, if I were with Sina, we'd be an invincible duo...
...
...
...


Let's have a battle, first Champion of Alola!
This is what I, Kanto's top-level Trainer, can really do!
OK! You're pretty good!


My Pokémon and I are gonna go all out! And that's how we'll find the strongest move!
Thanks, cousin! I sure do learn a lot from battling you!
You got me! I saw your moves, yeah, and was completely mesmerized!
I gotta believe in my beloved Pokémon, yeah, so we can smack you with the strongest moves!
You hit me with some nice moves! But next time it'll be my team's turn!



I'll do my best so that none of the Pokémon have to end up getting hurt!
I'm so sorry, Pokémon... I'll help you better next time—I promise!















