

Where would you like to fly to?
Fly to <var>?
Will you fly to <var>?
Yes
No
You cannot call Charizard here.
Melemele Island
Akala Island
Ula'ula Island
Poni Island
Aether Paradise
<var>
Alola Region
A popular spot where locals like to gather. Even people from other towns come to Hau'oli City to visit this beach.
The center of the city, where more and more people have become fashion conscious to take commemorative photos.
A harbor where you can set out for the other islands. It's visited by many people and boats.
An area located between Hau'oli City and Route 1. You can catch a whiff of salt on the southerly winds.
This beautiful path filled with flora connects Iki Town at its north end to Hau'oli City in the south.
Pokémon Center
Tourist Bureau
Shopping Mall
Apparel Shop
Salon
Melemele Ferry Terminal
Trainers' School
Pokémon Research Lab
Your House
Malasada Shop
Aether Base
Roadside Motel
Battle Buffet
Hau'oli Police Station
Hau'oli City Hall
Akala Ferry Terminal
Tide Song Hotel
Dimensional Research Lab
Hano Grand Hotel
Thrifty Megamart
Battle Royal Dome
Ula'ula Ferry Terminal
Malie Library
Sushi High Roller
Malie Community Center
Aether House
Po Town Police Station
Pokémon Nursery
Hokulani Observatory
Geothermal Power Plant
Floating Shop
A steep mountain path surrounded by rocks where a lot of bird Pokémon live.
A path that leads to the northern part of Melemele Island. It's famous for being a training ground for the local Trainers.
One of the most scenic spots on Melemele Island. It was chosen as one of the top 100 views in Alola.
This sea is crowded with Melemele islanders, local Pokémon, and visiting tourists all year round.
An old town where traditions have been passed on for generations. The villagers here are close with Tapu Koko.
A mountainous trail that leads to the sacred ruins. The cool air up here is very soothing on the skin.
The ruins that enshrine Tapu Koko, one of the land spirits. It is said that life is tested here.
A great hill formed by the activity of an underwater volcano. It is famous for the hollow in its middle that is open to the air.
The people and Pokémon on Melemele Island share their lives, and here they have also shared their graves for generations.
A place where yellow flowers bloom in abundance. You can gather the nectar Oricorio loves to feed on here.
A cave that connects Melemele Meadow and Kala'e Bay. It is filled with salty smell of the sea.
A Berry field with soft soil. It is the pride and joy of the local Berry master.
A cave with a great variety of plants thriving inside it. The light shafting in from above makes for a breathtaking sight.
A route that connects Heahea City and Paniola Town. The gentle touch of nature is abundant here.
A winding route with many branching paths and ledges. It is quite challenging for people traveling on foot.
A plain and straight route that leads through the middle of Akala Island. It is also known by the name "Straight Street."
A route that takes you to Wela Volcano Park. It makes anyone sweat from the heat of the volcano.
An oceanside route with great views. It is a popular date spot enjoyed by many couples and Pokémon.
A short route constructed by the local Diglett with whatever strength they had remaining after digging Diglett's Tunnel.
The biggest of all the resorts in the Alola region. The hotel is fully booked a year in advance.
The beach near Hano Grand Hotel at the Hano Grand Resort. Pyukumuku-chucking is a popular part-time job to do here.

A town located in the middle of Akala Island and surrounded by ranch land and pastures for grazing.
Considered the "front door" to Akala Island, this town's residents treasure visitors and welcome them most warmly.
This is a city of merchants, where you find lots of shops and even a photo club, beyond the gate at the entrance.
A major street that has developed so much thanks to the Battle Royal Dome being on it, making it look like a city street.
A place where the memories of people and Pokémon linger. Many people come from other islands to visit this graveyard.
The ranch managed together by the people and Pokémon living in Paniola Town.

A mountain with steep paths and waste lands. There is a trial site on top.
The best fishing spot in the Alola region. Its series of cascading waterfalls make it look like a terrace field.
A heavily wooded tropical rain forest. It's famous for producing ingredients for delicious meals.
The ruins that enshrine Tapu Lele, one of the land spirits. It is said that life is born here.
A grassy stretch along Akala's southern-most coast. It leads from Memorial Hill to the Ruins of Life.

Diglett and people worked together to finish digging this tunnel several years ago.
One of best resorts in the Alola region. Everybody talks about this five-star hotel.
A gladed path filled with the nests of many Pokémon. It leads to the road that can take you to the top of Mount Hokulani.
One of the routes that connects Malie City with the nature surrounding it. This one leads to a rough mountain trail.
A beach that spreads on the southern coast of Ula'ula Island. A very popular and busy place for Mantine Surf.
A route considered by many to be a place to take a break before taking on Haina Desert.
The remains of a village said to have been destroyed by the island's tapu when the people roused its anger.
A water route that lies on the western coast of Ula'ula Island. People often rely on Pokémon to traverse it.
Trainers all take a little break at the Pokémon Center here before they proceed to Ula'ula Meadow.
The rain never stops falling in sheets on this route. This path always seems to inspire a sense of unease.
A route full of rugged boulders that present a difficult challenge to anyone who hopes to pass through it.
A scorching-hot desert beyond Route 13. Trainers often get lost here in this broiling labyrinth.
An old route that leads to a trial site. Its beach is famous for its unique black sand.
A place where red flowers bloom in abundance. You can gather the nectar Oricorio loves to feed on here.
A town barricaded with tall walls that seem to reach the sky. It is occupied by Team Skull.
A city with an obvious Eastern influence in its design. The architecture is distinctive here.

A well-manicured garden located in the middle of Malie City. The large lake within it seems to resemble something...
A mountain suitable for observing the stars. There is an observatory on top.
The mountain where the Geothermal Power Plant is situated. Its output covers almost all of Ula'ula Island's electric needs.
The ruins that enshrine Tapu Bulu, one of the land spirits. It is said that life grows here.
A place that seems to have some connection to the Alola's Legendary Pokémon. The lake forms a perfect circle.
A place that seems to have some connection to the Alola's Legendary Pokémon. The lake forms a perfect circle.
The roughest and coldest mountain in the Alola region. A large-scale construction project has been taken up here.
A mansion abandoned by a certain rich citizen. People sometimes call it the "Shady Chateau," too.
The original site of the first Thrifty Megamart store. It is said to have been destroyed by the island's tapu.

A research facility for observing and studying various phenomena in space.
The place where the most powerful Trainer in the Alola region will be decided. Coming soon!
A place where purple flowers bloom in abundance. You can gather the nectar Oricorio loves to feed on here.
The entrance to Poni Island. It connects to Seafolk Village.
An old path that leads to Vast Poni Canyon. Some people and Pokémon still try to live in the ruins here, but not many.
The southern coast of Poni Island, where rough waves pound mercilessly upon the shore.
A natural path that winds among the many trees. It leads to the eastern side of Poni Island.
The plains that lead to the northern part of Poni Island. There is also a path connecting to Poni Meadow from here.
The north-eastern coast of Poni Island, where the clarity of the water makes it a popular view spot.
A difficult path that leads to the Battle Tree. It's full of tough Trainers.
The village of a wandering people who live on ships. They all seem to love living free and unfettered.
The most challenging path on Ula'ula Island. The ups and downs of this canyon are beyond any other.
An altar that is said to be closely associated with the Legendary Pokémon depicted in the local folklore.
An altar that is said to be closely associated with the Legendary Pokémon depicted in the local folklore.
The ruins that enshrine Tapu Fini, one of the land spirits. It is said that life ends its journey here.
A cave that leads deep, deep down under the ground. How it got the name "resolution" is not known.
It's a paradise for Exeggutor! This island is designated as a special preserve.
The sacred battle grounds for the toughest Trainers of the Alola region.
A VLFS or a "very large floating structure." This is where the Aether Foundation's research facilities are.

A cape famous for its Recycling Plant. The plant is co-managed by people and Pokémon.
Fossil Restoration Center
Floating Restaurant
Move Reminder
Move Deleter
Move Tutor
Name Rater
Herbalist's Shop


Thrifty Megamart (Abandoned Site)
Alola Photo Club
The vast sea spreads, and various Pokémon live among rocks.
Pokémon Fan Club
Surf Association
Kantonian Gym
A beach with huge waves. It's located near a motel. It's one of the Mantine Surf Spots.
A bustling beach connecting to Heahea City. It's one of the Mantine Surf Spots.
A beach on Poni Island with an abundance of nature. It's one of the Mantine Surf Spots.
