Alola! Check out my cute Pokémon!
Huh! You're kinda strong, aren't you?
If you see a Pokémon Trainer, you've gotta show off the Pokémon you like!
Hey, let's battle!
Oh, right!
I just really like Pokémon, so win or lose, I'm happy.
I heard something good happens if you battle another Trainer!
Hey, losing isn't something good!
I guess the something good was that I got to meet you through the battle!
Hey, Pokémon Trainers always seem to be people who like Pokémon, right? Isn't that strange?
I got it! You must love Pokémon, too!
Even if a Pokémon doesn't like you, if you tell it that you like it every day, it will grow to love you!
When you stay up at night, don't you get sleepy?
I'm not getting enough sleep!
There are Pokémon that can sleep and recharge even while battling!
Hoooo-wah!
Hoooo-wah!
Hoooo-wah!
What? It's already over?!
What? It's already over?!
What? It's already over?!
Aww, man! I wanted to show off my Pokémon's best side more!
Aww, man! I wanted to show off my Pokémon's best side more!
Aww, man! I wanted to show off my Pokémon's best side more!
Sensational!
To think that you've wounded my pride, which is harder than diamonds!


Yo, I'm feelin' mad annoyed that my team just got destroyed.
For real?!
Don't worry—I'll heal any pain that was caused by our defeat!
No! The Grimer I found in the tall grass near the school was defeated?!
Whoa! Well played!
Metapod...here, have a Berry.
Go for it, Caterpie! Show me the power of Bug-type Pokémon!
I lost with my Bug-type Pokémon! You're really bugging me, you know?
Bug-type Pokémon become powerful quickly! I'm gonna do my best to raise 'em!
Let's go! Kneecaps!
Aww... Brought to my knees.
I gotta catch more Pokémon! Pokémon with cool knees are so neat.



Hey! Please battle me!
If you're strong, please go away!
Great Trainers can sense promise in other Trainers! Did you pick up on anything?
Alola! Whaddya think? I'm pretty good at greetings, huh? I'm also great at Pokémon battles!
Oh! No!
The awesomeness of your Pokémon! You should take on the world!
I'm looking for Berries to have my Pokémon hold!
Oh! If only I had given Rockruff a Berry to hold...
Berries lie at the base of trees. After all, that's why they are Berries!
Each Pokémon possesses an Ability. Understanding these well leads to victory!
I couldn't show off the effects of Abilities?!
There are many kinds of Pokémon Abilities— some that produce effects in battle, and some that produce effects at other times!
I'll draw out the power of my partner, Growlithe, by giving it an item to hold!
Being a Trainer, I myself should also have used an item!
The item you want a Pokémon to hold will change depending on how you want it to fight!
Do you have preferences about the type of moves in addition to the type of Pokémon?
More preferences, please!
There is a type for moves, just like there is a type for Pokémon. When the move type is the same as the Pokémon type, it's more powerful!
Oh! You look comfortable on your Pokémon!
Oh! You look comfortable with your Pokémon!
While it's also good to ride Pokémon, I like swimming with Pokémon.
Life came from the sea!
I want to dive into the sea! I'm so ashamed that I want to dive!
Youngsters evolve into Swimmers. Just kidding!
All right! Come battle a lady!
Argh! You're way too strong!
Pokémon seem happy when they get to fully unleash a move!
The swaying makes my heart sway, too... Oh yeah, let me introduce my Pokémon.
That move, this move... I'm so confused...
When I float with my Pokémon between the waves, my heart dissolves into the world...
My favorite bikini makes Pokémon happy, too!
It's tough fetching Poké Balls from my bikini!
My favorite bikini makes Pokémon happy, too!
Wearing that getup seems too hot! Have a good sweat in a battle!
My Pokémon and I are in a cold sweat from losing...
In Alola, it's totally normal to wear a bikini from morning 'til night!
When I come to the Pokémon cemetery... it's no good because I get so mournful.
I...I'll try to hold back my tears.
He's still alive in my heart... Maybe that is enough.
I'll use the moves it was so good at!
Pikachu...
The grave where Pikachu rests... I address it using its words.
My Murkrow just loves shiny, sparkly things!
Murkrow! You must shine brighter!
Pokémon and Trainers with a good bond always seem to be shining brightly!
Is it cool for me to be in Team Skull if I'm this brittle?







For real?! Over already?!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
I'd like to help out as a Trial Guide. But I don't wanna give you an easy win!
I crammed Pokémon in my backpack, bounced around, and now I'm here!
Whoa, looks like I've been visited by defeat!
I've been traveling everywhere, too, so I totally get how fun the island challenges must seem!
I am a Fisherman. In short, I'm a person who fishes for Pokémon!
I can't stand being caught!
A person who fishes can be called an angler or a Fisherman.



Fishing is a path... It's a battle to win against oneself in addition to the Pokémon.
Even if I can win against myself, it looks like I've lost to you!
I calmly wait for the "!" to appear, no matter how much fuss the Pokémon puts up!
When the fishing line has been cast, a sucker may come along wanting to battle... Er, a Trainer will be hooked!
Maybe I, myself, became the sucker?
Having a fishing rod is fun because it allows you to meet both Pokémon and Trainers!
The keeper of Ten Carat Hill! It's refreshing to be overcome!
I'll teach you some tricks that guarantee hooking some Pokémon!
I'm not sure I need to teach you any fishing tricks.
If you don't give up until you catch something, you'll definitely catch a Pokémon. In Pokémon battles as well, if you battle until you win, you'll definitely win.
I am a Collector. Which is to say that I collect Pokémon.
Gimme gimme!
Collectors are happy beings. Even if there are no Pokémon we want, just our imagination can make us smile.






I rely on apps for traveling recommendations!
I guess I still haven't mastered the recommended Rattata.
It's a mystery as to whose recommendation it is, but Pikachu Valley is apparently really nice.
I think you need to train your Pokémon.
How wonderful!
You should speak up in advance when there's nothing a Beauty could teach you.
When you speak of the Youngster Anthony, I'm the only one in the Alola region!
You beat me, the only one like me in Alola, so you're great!
When I think about it, you, too, are all alone in the world. Hold on a sec... How great is that!



I'm a Breeder! I raise and breed Pokémon!
I'm a Breeder! I'm sorry for losing!
I'm a Breeder! I recommend the Pokémon Nursery!



Pokémon and Trainer join forces to make a team.
Ah! I'll swim, too... Er, I want to compete together!
I want to win a swimming relay, not as Trainer and Pokémon but as members of the same team.
Welcome to my mini-island.
I-I lost. Because I won't budge!
Well, I guess you can stay here too on my mini-island.
Swimming is full-body exercise! It's toned muscle tactics!
Toned muscle flexes spontaneously.
Muscle is important for Pokémon, too! It's the muscles, not the brain, that decide which move to use in battle!
Oh come onnn... I wonder where I can go to spend time alone with my Pokémon.
You're actually not a bother. Thanks for a little excitement.
Pokémon that don't say anything are perfect for me right now...
Alola Trainers have a different charm than those in Kalos!
New encounters help people and Pokémon grow and mature!
Nice! How'd you come up with that kind of battle plan? You gotta tell me!
Nice! How'd you come up with that kind of battle plan? You gotta tell me!
Nice! How'd you come up with that kind of battle plan? You gotta tell me!
How annoying!
Bone-dry!
I was unprepared! Perhaps I did not put enough emotion into the dance.
Wr-wr-wr-wrecked!
Maybe I should be more selfish since it's a Battle Royal!
It was well fought and I lost fair and square, yeah. That was excellent. I feel great. Woo!
There was so much to think about that I got all mixed up... but that was a blast!
There was so much to think about that I got all mixed up... but that was a blast!
There was so much to think about that I got all mixed up... but that was a blast!
Hmph... So I failed to keep things under control again?
My emotions... I guess I was unable to convey them.

Yo, yo, you...you're no joke.
Phooey.
How lovely.
One plus one is two, but it could also be three or four.
I'm too young for math!
There are some Trainers who will challenge you as a pair, like us.
You've got just one Pokémon? At that count, we can't fight.
There's no way we'll lose! It's important to feel strong!
A loss and a loss make a double loss!
The tears we cry when we lose make us stronger.
You've got just one Pokémon? Then sorry, we can't battle.
If it's all right with you, battle with us!
Oh my gosh!
We admire Dexio and Sina, the great duo from the Kalos region!
You've gotta have two Pokémon to battle with us as a duo!
Combos that can't be used alone can be used when there are two of us!
Combos are so difficult. But that's why they're fun!
Those mysterious people, Sina and Dexio, are solving all sorts of cases!
This is a 2-on-2 Pokémon battle! You don't have enough healthy Pokémon.
Battles are the best for raising Pokémon!
Even if Pokémon lose...it's OK as long as the Trainer grows from that.
Trainers also grow through raising Pokémon.



One of the duties of a Breeder is to discover and refine the strengths of Pokémon.
I wanna know what my strengths are!
The more you learn about Pokémon, the more fascinating they become!
Alola! I'm Caleb. Let's give each other a look at our Pokémon!
Your Pokémon—so cool!
I don't mind Youngster, but I wanna be called that boy in shorts!



Here I go!
It's over!
Nothing!
So! What do you think of the largeness of my area?!
Whoa! A large-scale Trainer!
In my case, my volume is large in addition to my area!
I was losing constantly, so I'm on a trip to find myself.
I think about why I lost, but I don't dwell on it!
Even if you dwell on your losses, tomorrow is a new day!
Attacking from a high place to a low place is as easy as chopping down bamboo.
I guess I wasn't able to make full use of the potential energy from being in a high place.
The Ability No Guard ensures that all attacks will hit! Yeah, even against Pokémon using Fly!
Trainer detected! I will now commence the attack!
An honorable defeat! I lost, but it was invigorating!
I had climbed to a high place... I was hoping for a way to get down. So my thanks to you!
Research! Research! I shall research the Pokémon!
I present the results of my research! This person's Pokémon—strong!
A further research topic is how to defeat strong Pokémon.
The sea and beach are so nice. Just being here broadens my mind!
Me as I am now, I can tolerate losing.
Battling for enjoyment without worrying about winning or losing is also nice.
Hee hee... Wanna help me pass the time?
Nuh-uh!
Maybe you're a little too stoked?
Good wind! Good waves! Above all, my good mood!
I guess my Pokémon weren't in such a good mood...
You can catch the flow if your Pokémon use moves while in a good mood!
Can you tell me how you chose your partner Pokémon?
I have trouble deciding on my partners, because there are so many criteria.
Traveling along the surface of the water on a Ride Pokémon feels great, doesn't it?
The best thing about Swimmers? There is nothing for us other than Pokémon! We represent freedom.
I'm empty-handed, but I do have the prize money to pay you.
A place to put away Poké Balls? That's the mystery of Swimmers, isn't it?
I'll attack you boldly in my bold bikini!
Left watered-down at the waterfront!
Bikinis and Pokémon battles are totally unrelated.
Which Pokémon do you think is fitting with the grave? Let's battle. Perhaps you'll figure it out.
Is it Ghost type after all? I'm also looking for something that's unexpected.
The graves in Akala have been here a long time... That's why this is a tourist spot.
I thought I'd have a little gander at the Ruins of Life. But there's one thing to do first!
Quite skillfully done!
Tapu Lele visits the Ruins of Life... It's considered to be the vitalizing Pokémon.
Punk Girl sounds scary, doesn't it? Please be friendly and call me Punky.
You're...the calm, cool, and collected type, aren't you?
With these flashy looks but polite expressions, I deceive and confuse my opponents.
People in graves are sleeping forever, right?
Aah... I'm getting sleepy!
If they're sleeping and won't wake up, just give them a Chesto Berry to hold.
Good morning! Mornin' for short!
You played that battle well! GG for short!
Thanks for being my opponent! TY for short!
I fish when I think I can catch something. I battle when I think I can win.
Would've been nice if I could've won just by thinking I could win.
I fish when I think I can catch something. I fish when I believe I can catch something. They are similar but different.
Work through brute force doesn't go well!
Your power is beyond what I imagined!
Doing calculations allows you to tap into your power!
Dig a hole!
If there was a hole here, I'd wanna crawl into it! I wanna dig a hole and hide!
Dig a hole! If I dug it, I'd wanna fill it up. My soul cries out at me to do that!
Whether in battles or in digging tunnels, Pokémon are incredible!
The same is true for my Pokémon, but your Pokémon—incredible!
This was originally a path dug by Diglett. Diglett let us use it as well, so we maintain it out of gratitude!
Eat well, sleep well...then it's time for a proper battle!
I've had enough! I can't fight anymore.
A Trainer's Pokémon don't grow if they are left alone. Although when I eat meals, I naturally grow horizontally.
Are you raising Pokémon?
Maybe, in addition to providing care, raising means drawing out talents?
I've built up the lower body of my Pokémon through the undulations on the ranch! I guess what I need to use most is myself...
All right! Trial-goer, have a look at my kid.
You're growing rapidly. That's wonderful!
Trainer and Pokémon are like parent and child! Just seeing them cheerful makes you happy!
Look at the lustrous heads of my Pokémon!
My Pokémon are cute, even when they lose!
I can't help petting the heads of my Pokémon! It seems there are even Pokémon that will high-five you if you hold up your hand!
I keep repeating fair battles with Pokémon and Trainers. What kind of person is a Fisherman...?
Joy when I hook it... Sadness when it gets away...
Life bobs up and down... I think while watching the bobber... I could catch rare Pokémon from rock piles with bubbles spouting from them...
You're a fool if you dance... and a fool if you just look on!
My stomach is crying and saying "urgent"!
My stomach is crying and saying "urgent"!
It's fine with me. I've grown tired of eating rich meals.
It's fine with me. I've grown tired of eating rich meals.
Argh, the humiliation... Well, eat heartily, at least.
Argh, the humiliation... Well, eat heartily, at least.
That was a filling appetizer.
That was a filling appetizer.
What a shame! The delicious-looking food will all be nourishment just for you.
What a shame! The delicious-looking food will all be nourishment just for you.
Me! I'll go back to being an ordinary Breeder!
Me! I'll go back to being an ordinary Breeder!
Argh! First I take a loss, and then I get called by my company!
Argh! First I take a loss, and then I get called by my company!
All this moving around made me unnecessarily hungry!
All this moving around made me unnecessarily hungry!




Good-bye, my tasty chow...
Good-bye, my tasty chow...
What's "sir-vival of the fit-tust"?
What's "sir-vival of the fit-tust"?
Wh-what?! My calculations were off!
Wh-what?! My calculations were off!
Whaaat!
Whaaat!
Win or lose, it's the same price...
Win or lose, it's the same price...
Bwah!! I had my breath held that whole battle!
Bwah!! I had my breath held that whole battle!
Bwah!! I had my breath held that whole battle!
Hey, yo! When I fight, I'm not supposed to lose!
I don't know if you care, but that bus stop weighs about as much as Golem!
You're with Kukui... Looks like he brought along a good Trainer.
I see. Great work...I guess.
You, you!
Hmmph! I can't even stand myself right now!
If attacking from the front doesn't work, what about from the rear... I've got a lot to think about!
A lookout has to be strong for when the time comes!
You're on a whole other level than me. I've just got to laugh at myself...
Ack! The island challenge has made you way too strong!
Yeah, yeah. I gotta admit, that was great!
Hmph... How annoying.
Hmph...

Aiyee!
Hmm...It seems as though I may have lost.
I haven't done enough development work on Pokémon battles!
You really do just win, don't you? Honesty seems like the way to go.
It's not a particularly original line, but wherever there is light, there is also shadow.
There is another world that cannot be brought about through idle talk... Got it?
That was—! No way! But I totally had to win this one!
That was—! No way! But I totally had to win this one!
That was—! No way! But I totally had to win this one!
I gotta keep the boss from getting his hands dirty, so I'm gonna wreck you myself!
Wasn't me who got crushed! It was my Pokémon, right? You think so, too, right?
The boss is not gonna be happy about this... I wish he would punish my Pokémon instead of me!
Aiyee!
Here's an impression for you: Aiyee!
Hmph... That's Faba for you.
This is for the sponsor who supports Team Skull!
All our strength comes from the money we've gotten...
I'll do anything if you pay me for it! Like, let's see... Wanna see me get hit with Hyper Beam?
Hey, what's up with you? How come I can't smash you?!
How...how can you be so awful!
Ow, that hurts! Even my heart hurts!
Our 500 percent is, like, what percentage of your strength?!
Thud! That's the sound of your strength rocking me to my core!
Aaauuuggghhhhhhhhh!!!
Hmph. There's nothing more to say.
I could feel the power you gained on your journey through Alola.
Really lovely...both you and your Pokémon...
I'm...I'm speechless! You've done me in!
It's frustrating to me as a member of the Elite Four, but it seems your strength is the real deal.
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!






Oh my gosh! It's a trial-goer! Show me your Pokémon! Let me see the sights!
Oh my gosh! I lost to a trial-goer! An authentic Alola experience!
Oh my gosh! I've gotta go see Kiawe's fiery dance with Pokémon!
If it's a mountain, I've gotta climb it! That's the spirit of the Hiker!
There are some mountains I can't climb... I'm talking about you and your Pokémon!
I've gotta first climb down the mountain. I'm off to be able to climb the next one...
Allow me to show you the ace Kadabra of an Ace Trainer!
Aah! I blacked out!
I want to make my Kadabra evolve! Friends... I need friends!
Whee-ooh, whee-ooh! My impression of a siren is pretty good, eh? I'm pretty good at Pokémon battles, too.
You're something else! You're better at Pokémon battles than I am!
I want to put a siren on Tauros and make it exclusive to Police Officers.
I know so much about rare Pokémon!
You see...rare Pokémon are too special to be used for fighting...
Shiny Pokémon are too special to be shown off...
Were you bothered by this Beauty strolling along? Or by my Pokémon?
You bother me!
Telling someone their Pokémon are cute is a good way to strike up a conversation.



Moltres!
My Yungoos and I went up in flames!
Moltres! It seems to be a Legendary Bird Pokémon that flies about the world!



Even if I did forget to put on my shorts, get ready for me and my stoked Pokémon!
Wait, so I actually am wearing shorts?
If I forgot to put on my shorts, I'd be just an ordinary kid!
Pokémon battles are life. You're bashing our way of life!
The joy of victory...the agony of defeat...that's life.
Whether I win or lose, my life will go on. I'm not gonna mope around forever.
It's important for Pokémon to be cute and strong!
It's possible to lose when you're cute and strong? What's up with that?
We just need to get cuter and stronger!
Moves with high accuracy. Moves with high power... Hey! Allow me to experiment!
You've got to be able to read your opponent's thoughts in addition to the statistics of a move!
Do you know Professor Kukui? He's building up his body to take the full impact of Pokémon moves so he can check their power.






Alola?
Alola...
Alola!
Hey, hey! Come on out here, my Pokémon!
All right, everybody...back inside your Poké Balls...
Ah, it's so nice out!
Looks like you've got a fishing rod made by Lana!
If I only had a fishing rod made by Lana, I could win, too!
Lana put her soul into the fishing rod she made. Er, don't you think that the rod is Lana herself?



The reason I don't ride Lapras is because I can swim faster than Lapras.
Does swimming fast have nothing to do with winning or losing?!
I can't compete with the swimming speed of Sharpedo and Poliwrath!
Abs! Abs!
My Frillish and I were distracted by our surroundings...
If you go on a date at the beach, you can see your girl's swimsuit... That's what I was thinking, but my girl's been training the whole time.
You've got just one Pokémon? That will make it too tough for you to fight with us.
When I get in the ocean, I get pricked by Corsola or Pyukumuku!
Argh! It's 'cause Frillish is just so adorable!
Pokémon stick to me just like Shellder biting down on Slowbro's tail...
You've gotta have two Pokémon if you wanna battle us!
You're gonna fully experience my Water-based tactics!
Bubble, bubble, bubble... I sink and I dive...
My swim trunks are out of respect for Machamp!
Hee-hee, I'm not a mermaid. I'm a Pokémon Trainer in a bikini!
Oh! Stormy!
I just wanna dissolve away right here...just like Vaporeon...



I hate serious people, yo. I am serious about being a Team Skull Grunt, though!
Even if you work seriously, you won't always get results!
Hmph! Since you're serious...lemme give you a tip, yo. Yo, yo, ya don't stop. Even if you lose, ya don't stop!
I'm a grand Grunt. The Pokémon Carnivine is my fave.
Yep, I lost. I got crushed.
I'm a grand Grunt. Carnivine is my fave, but I don't have one.
No one has lost today. What a lovely, good day!
Aww, I lost... What a terrible, bad day...
Who can I take out the sadness of this loss on? Anyway, sadness for me and Team Skull.
Hunh? Everything around here seems like a Team Skull paradise.
I might really go to paradise now that I've lost!
Aaah! I wish I had taken the island challenge more seriously!
Surrounded by flowers... I'm...gorgeous...
Ahh! The flower I am has fallen.
Flowers and young women... our impermanence makes us gorgeous...
Do you know about super, strong Pokémon?
I said "super," but I meant something a little different.
The fluffy ones are really the super Pokémon!
Today is Pokémon day!
I'm fine 'cause I'm with Cleffa.
If I'm in a tough spot, Cleffa sends me to my house.
All right! Time for a commemorative photo! Just need you to lose for me, 'K?
What did I say... What...did I say...
I got overexcited by my journey! I should just go to the Alola Photo Club if I want commemorative photos, right?
When I'm traveling, I just want to point out everything!
I disclosed everything... everything about my Pokémon!
I always get a little down when I get home. Maybe I can travel forever?
Listen up, Trainer. Battle is a Hiker's favorite.
Listen up, Trainer. A Hiker hates to lose.
Listen up, Trainer. A Hiker's most favorite are big and tough Pokémon! And next is a big helping of rice!
By battling a Collector, you'll be able to obtain info on rare Pokémon!
You got me! I'll tell you my treasured info.
I'm craning my neck, waiting to see if Meteorite Pokémon will fall. Yeah, just like Turtonator!












I'm an incomplete Grunt. This is the only place for me in the whole world!
This is a fitting outcome for me, incomplete as I am—the end!
The boss is a complete bully, but I'm an incomplete Grunt. Sometimes I want to smash the world, but I'm always afraid of it.
I'll stop you so Guzma will stay chill!
This is terrible, yo... The mansion is gonna get wrecked again!
Guzma... Even though he's so strong, he wasn't able to become a captain!
An uninvited guest... Do you have an invitation?
I guess that attack was your alternative to an invitation!
No! I wish I had never come here! Probably because three passwords are needed instead of an invitation. And I lost the memos with the passwords somewhere in the mansion!
So sorry! As a stranger, you get a full course of my Pokémon's moves!
Your full course...it's got way too much seasoning!
I always make sweet pancakes or sweet Berry cakes, yo.
Hey! So you think peeking in people's rooms is in good taste?!
At least your Pokémon have good taste...
What does it mean to say "in good taste"? Is it like saying it's cosmopolitan? Is there such a thing as a cosmopolitan Pokémon?
Ooh, looking for a battle in a romantic spot, hmm?
I guess nobody likes Team Skull after all...
Even this dreamy balcony is surrounded by the town, so it's boring. Yo, check it! Surrounded by surroundings, it's so astounding! Ick! Never mind, that was terrible!
One, two, hit THREE sandbag. Four, five, we're ra-SIX-cals.
After 10 seconds, the bell rings, and it's a knockout, baby!
It's a pain to go all the way to the Pokémon Center, so I just sleep next to my Pokémon!
I'm just as good as the woman next to me!
I was just as good as the woman next to me, right? Right?
We're twins, so we're always being compared. So I'm sure you get my wanting to be just as good as her.
Oh? You don't have two Pokémon? In that case, we can't take you on.
I stack up to the one next to me!
I'm stronger than the one next to me, right? Right?
We're twins and she's the big sister, so we're always compared. So I'm sure you get my wanting to win.
Oh? You don't have two Pokémon? In that case, we can't take you on.






My Fomantis...it's eager to face a foe. Think you're up to the challenge?
What a super-rowdy Trainer!
Fomantis, Mareanie... They're not mean—they just want to cuddle...






I offer up my dancing in appreciation for receiving Berries.
I forgot to dance for victory...
Long ago, it seems that people related to the Tapu through dance.
We're going to show you two Pokémon. It'd be unfair if you didn't show us two, as well!
Let's have a quick battle while gathering Berries together with our Pokémon!
Really, pardon me...
Berries keep for a long time. For we who travel the seas, they're the perfect ingredient.
Rare Trainer discovered! I must immediately make contact!
Do you have a sense for why you seem rare?
You weren't born in Alola. For some reason, that's what I think.
Does this area seem like a power spot to you?
Aah! My Pokémon didn't get infused with power!
The Pokémon enshrined at the Ruins... apparently they purify our impurities.
Ready, set, go!
Game, set!
Congratulations!
My Pokémon is tough as nails!
I'm deflated. I've lost all heart...
Mienshao is angry! It will reforge my lost heart!
I've completed trials and grand trials; now I aim for an even higher place!
Were the trials you completed more densely packed than the ones I did?
I'm literally searching for a high place! I'm actually gonna go climb a tree.
Both me and my Pokémon were born in the mountains!
Conflicts produce nothing, but from Pokémon battles springs a sense of mutual respect.
If a Hiker like me springs from the mountains, Swimmers could well spring from a wellspring!
I was a Rising Star who spent all my time in battle, and now I'm a Veteran!
I say I'm a Veteran, but the path of Pokémon runs steep!
If you keep cherishing your Pokémon, you can become a Veteran, too!
I'm not just an ordinary Sightseer!
Whoa! I've discovered a cluster of talent in the Alola region!
I'm a Sightseer battling to get stronger in the battle facilities of each region!
Surely you are able to battle with two Pokémon at the same time, aren't you?
We want even stronger rivals! My Pokémon and I both cry out for that!
Thank you for showing the strength I was looking for! I'm glad I came to Alola!
That's right... Battle Towers—and their like in distant regions—are the facilities I favor!
I came all the way to Alola, so I want you to show me two Pokémon!
I know a lot about Pokémon... I can use my knowledge in battle!
You know a lot about Pokémon. Amazingly, even more than I do!
Completion of the Pokédex is the basis of Pokémon research! You should collect a ton of Pokémon with Rotom!
What are Pokémon? Do you know?
Why was I unable to win? Thank you for giving me an assignment!
What are Pokémon? Everyone will have a different answer, but you can figure it out by thinking about it.
I'm a self-seeking Backpacker! I savor each day as it comes. I guess today will be a battle with you!
This is the taste of defeat... Perhaps it's delicious to savor!
It's good to be a Backpacker! You get to decide on your own all the things you do and don't want to do!
I battle every day. There's no one who can match me in that!
Darn! It's my fault that my Pokémon lose so often.
We're so strong because of marital disputes! Ahaha!
You want to fight us! You've gotta have two Pokémon.
Ohoho! We battle 50 times a day.
The shame from losing will rejuvenate me!
You might say that I raised my husband's Pokémon!
You want to fight with us, right? Then you've gotta have two Pokémon.
To be the strongest is an unfulfilled dream... but you must press on to get closer to it!
Whoa! Training! I haven't done enough training!
Even after the island challenge, I still want to strengthen myself! Trainers and Pokémon who feel that way gather at the Battle Tree!
To form a battery, my Pokémon and I battle constantly while synchronizing our breathing.
Whoa... You're legit!
Talonflame is the pitcher and I'm the catcher! You may wonder how it throws, but let's not talk of it!
Let's have a party. A rough-and-tumble Pokémon party!
Your attacks were effective! I felt them all the way to my heart!
The party is over! Let's have a party to celebrate that!
I'mma get fired up, naturally!
I got fired up and lost, unfortunately!
It's the fighting spirit, yo, the fighting spirit! Z-Power is fighting spirit, too, right?
We're aiming for the top, so be prepared for us to go all out!
You guys are the tops! I felt the strength in your heart!
If you're aiming for the top, you've got to test yourself against top opponents! The world is simple like that!
A strong Trainer can tell the strength of his or her opponent at a glance!
What amazing Pokémon! Truly, I must admit my defeat!
I like Pokémon so much, it actually pains me... So I let all of them shine in battle.



The way you guys trust each other! I want to see it all!
Nicely done! I dig it—Pokémon and Trainers who trust each other.
You can demonstrate your full strength by trusting each other!
The altar is just a little farther, so I can't let you pass easily. Show me everything you've got!
Whoa, you've got a lot... I have no choice but to admit defeat!
Go where you please! If you and your Pokémon give it everything you've got, there's no place you can't reach!
Trainers and Pokémon should be free! Freedom is good!
Good stuff! Be as free as you can be!
We can't decide what Pokémon are like! They are free!
Do trial-goers come all the way out here? What's the deal with the kids in Alola?
Alola is great! You and your Pokémon are great!
Ah! There are still so many undiscovered Pokémon in the world! When you finish the island challenge, you should travel the world!
The most dangerous spot in Alola. Allow me to test whether you can get past the Vast Poni Canyon!
Excellent! You guys should be able to reach the altar!
The Altar of Alola concentrates the power of the stars... That's what they say.
You need two Pokémon that can battle! That's our request to you.
Show me how serious you and your Pokémon are!
Wonderful! You and your Pokémon should absolutely head to the altar!
The Altar of Alola is a vessel that collects light... That's what they say.
You need two Pokémon that can battle! That's our request to you.
If you climb mountains, there's so much you need to know about them—the Pokémon that live there and the Trainers you'll meet!
I went to the top! And you're the tops! That's pretty similar!
Totem Pokémon seem to guard the favorite places of the Tapu—the guardian deities.
I like Pokémon! I like battling! I like using moves! And I love winning!
I lost! But my Pokémon that lost are adorable!
I hate losing! But falling to the bottom and then struggling to climb back up, I can't get enough of that!
I'll win! That's all there is to it.
I lost! That's all there was to it... Well, you guys are terrific.
The hearts of the Pokémon and Trainer overlap... They seek only victory! I want to reach that kind of mental state.
Anywhere for the sake of research! Just like my idol—Professor Birch.
The skills of Pokémon are needed when examining places here and there.
If you know Pokémon, you may be able to travel here and there without battling.
I confined myself to this cave to seek the secrets of battle. If it's all right with you, please battle my beloved Pokémon!
Attacking and defending, I guess it's all up to oneself.
Adjusting to one's opponent... Maintaining oneself... Both are wonderful! What's important is whether something is fitting to oneself.
My outward face is that of a Backpacker. What about my inward face...?
You guys are strong, so I could not steal a glorious victory.
I'm a treasure hunter looking for treasure! Have a whiff of this whole area. You can smell the aroma of treasure!
In this case, I'll ask you! What do you think a mountain is?
What strength! Just like a mountain!
A mountain is a concept! Something you must overcome is a mountain!
Intruder spotted! I'll fight with all I have to wipe you out!
What does this mean? What does this mean!
You may think yourselves strong, but Aether Paradise is huge!
I'll crush you to find out what you're made of! I bet it's a bunch of stuff, including money!
Oh! Prize money!
There are people with many different faces at Aether Paradise.
I wanna go back in time and tell myself to not battle you.
It's not bad to lose! It's bad to win against me!
I lost, I lost! I'll give you the money I have!
You don't have to ring the bell. If our eyes meet, I'll come.
Having to hand over my pocket money rather than getting a tip...
Recently, there have been cases of Pokémon staying by themselves...
The first step to surpassing Captain Mallow is to strengthen my Pokémon!
I lost! Let me have another!
Mallow's food is special. It grips your heart.
Alola, alola! Welcome, Trainer!
Hula, hula!
A lot of people come by holding Eggs, so cheer them on with dance!
I'm training together with the genius next to me in order to beat him!
Master! Sorry...
If you're strong, be just! I bow my head to my young partner!
If you only have one Pokémon that can fight, please come back later.
I was born a karate genius! I teach moves to my Pokémon.
I keep a smile even when my Pokémon and I lose! It reassures my Pokémon.
Hmm... I've got to further devote myself to my karate!
If you only have one Pokémon that can fight, I must ask you to leave.
When it comes to golf or Pokémon, it's all about the performance.
What a miss... My performance was absolutely terrible.
Just getting the ball in the hole... it's fun because it's so difficult!
The swing is all in the hips! I'll put my hips into it when I take you on!
Even if I can triumph over myself in golf, when it comes to triumphing over my opponent in a match...
Natu's always jumping around, chasing after my golf balls!
I haven't had any cases, so I'm bored... How about a battle?
This is a case! ...Or not.
It's OK for a Police Officer to be weak because Alola is peaceful!
Clean, clean! The fighting style of Janitors is also clean!
Spotless!
The Pokémon move Recycle allows you to use an item you have already used!



Just like flexible bamboo, I'll evade your attacks!
I messed up my evasion! You and your Pokémon are way too awesome.
Just like flexible bamboo, I also evade work!
Are you aware of the awesomeness of being barefoot over the geothermally warmed ground?
Barefoot! The soles of my feet are hot!
It gets pretty warm if you're barefoot over the geothermally warmed ground!
Welcome to the secret beach! Let's have a battle to get acquainted!
Good work, good work. Here's my pocket money!
My pocket money...never mind how I fetch it. And never mind about items washing ashore every day.
C'mere! Let's do something good with our Pokémon.
Hey! The fun ends immediately if you're too strong.
Items wash up on Ula'ula Beach... It's more fun to think of them as the handiwork of Pokémon rather than the tide's.
I want rare Pokémon! I'll go anywhere due to my tenacity.
You'd be surprised how little I fixate on victory.
My nature as a Collector gives me trouble. I can't travel to other islands until I've completed the Ula'ula Island Pokédex.
I'm doing research on the island challenge. I ask for your cooperation!
Despite taking damage, I was able to gather data!
Trainers on the island challenge are strong! My research is conclusive!
Argh! I can't help but want to battle when a Trainer is present!
Argh! No way I'd lose if this were about dancing.
Floette celebrates every beautiful flower garden it sees with a dance! I wish I could be like that.
I was watching the parabolic antenna, and I found a Trainer!
Wha-wha-wha-what!
I wonder if Pokémon can see microwaves transmitted between parabolic antennae.



I feel sorry for the Pokémon who have to be used by an intruder!
Hmph! Although you're an intruder, you seem to have a lot of skill!
Is it because you guys arrived? Paradise seems so showy!
I must fight to reassure the Pokémon in paradise!
That was regrettable... I guess it really is a must to have power!
What I heard was that we are to be on the lookout for people trying to steal Pokémon.
I was told to turn away Trainers, whomever they might be!
Hey! You're so strong that there's no way I can turn you away!
That Faba... He doesn't even try to fight by himself!
I sensed the strength that you possess as Champion.
Since you've become Champion, both you and your Pokémon have a certain level of polish.
I'm...I'm speechless! How did you do it again?!
This feeling of frustration that is swelling within me... I will use it to propel my growth!
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak...you know?
Battling against strong Trainers'll make you stronger, too. Slowly but surely!
Battling against strong Trainers'll make you stronger, too. Slowly but surely!
Battling against strong Trainers'll make you stronger, too. Slowly but surely!
I am training to properly form my desire for victory.
All I have to do is avoid making any more mistakes... After all, I have Silvally with me.
Th-this child has—!
If you want to see a rainbow, you've got to wait for it to stop raining.
Yes, yes...
You provide a dazzling battle.
There's no need for two suns in the sky.
...While there are times when there's a full moon, there are also times you can't see the moon at all.
Intense battle is a lot for my old body to bear...
Summer ice is much sought after, but no one even glances at winter ice. 
I couldn't skillfully do what I learned from my grandma!
The bitterness of defeat...I must fully savor that as well.
Yes! It seems that you are once more victorious!
Luvdisc!
Corsola!
Well! You certainly reeled me in.
Sure enough, when it comes to you and Pokémon, the quality of the ingredients shines forth!
...I can't beat you if I keep my troubles to myself.




You again? How come I can't crush you?!

Congratulations! You cleared a little trial!
Congratulations! You cleared a little trial!
Z-comparison complete...
I'm the kahuna of Route 12... but I guess I still get defeated sometimes.
The waves recede!
Blown away by the waterfall!
Oh, so it's like that?
The mystery is too deep!
Indeed...
Hmph. Looks like you got me.


I was exercising to aid digestion, but you came at me full-on!
Father...that was my best shot!
What is the meaning of this?!


D-d-ding!
I'll eventually be the strongest, and it'll be awesome... Nah.
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak... you know?
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak... you know?
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak... you know?




My Pokémon each gave it their best.


...!
You're a pretty big deal! Amazing that I could lose!
I lost! Will I repeat the year? Will I have to repeat another year?!
W-wow, you're something else!
Golden!
Ahh, refreshing!




All I have to do is avoid making any more mistakes... After all, I have Silvally with me.
All I have to do is avoid making any more mistakes... After all, I have Silvally with me.
The ridiculous power at the scene of a fire!
I lost. I was extinguished!
My surprise when Remoraid evolved into Octillery! The world is full of wonder!
I'm confident in the training I've done with my Pokémon! Check it out!
Ahh! Did I not use enough Pokémon Refresh? Did I not use enough?
Practice is practice! In the end, you need the will to win.
If you really wanna see what we can do, you've gotta have two healthy Pokémon!
Testing out the results of one's training is of the utmost importance!
It's frustrating to lose in red rover!
You've got to go all out in training, too! 'Cause the tension is totally different in a real game.
If you really wanna see what we can do, you've gotta have two healthy Pokémon!



Me an' Dedenne aren't messing around!
What?! But it's so nuzzle-able!
Whoever yer against, "not messing around" means recognizing yer opponent.
Faith moves mountains!
My hopes were crushed!
Is faith needed to speed up one's techniques?
A weak Trainer blames losses on his or her Pokémon!
No way! It's cool with me, bad dude that I am, so let's go again!
I'm a Punk Guy! I'd be a punk to give up!
Hey! There's no way you can battle against us with just one Pokémon.
The weather in Alola is too nice, so you get why I wanna get rowdy, right?
Sooo bad!
Don't call me a Punk Girl. That makes it sound like I'm a bad kid!
Hey! We can't battle you if you've got just one Pokémon.
I'm an Office Worker! Or you could say I'm a business guy!
Hm? Are my partners business Pokémon?
I want to do business with Pokémon. For example, I could use the pincers of Crabrawler, which grow back constantly.
Here comes a Trainer, lured by flower nectar.
An Office Worker standing in a meadow. That could be a painting...
Torkoal's Flame Wheel sends Jumpluff flying beyond what the eye can see...
I'd go anywhere to be extreme! Check out how us bad dudes do it.
Hmph! Ya may be strong, but there's nothing good or bad about ya!
I've gotta praise an opponent who has taken their favorite fighting style to the extreme!
I wanna beat you down! Come back with two healthy Pokémon.
All I can do is get psyched against an opponent I can't beat, even after I've trained myself up!
I can't do anything through my psyched 'tude. But I've gotta look cool!
Even if I know I can't win, I can't show my uncool side to my battling Pokémon, so I psych myself up.
I wanna get psyched up! Just show me two healthy Pokémon.

My stomach is infinite! That's irrelevant to the strength of my Pokémon!


My stomach is infinite! That's irrelevant to the strength of my Pokémon!


I... When I lose, I get disheartened and then I get hungry again.


I... When I lose, I get disheartened and then I get hungry again.

Whoa! I'm shocked at your strength!
Winning even after your Attack stat is lowered... An indomitable spirit, indeed!
The Pokémon and Trainer's feelings are stacked together... Try receiving the unleashed Z-Power!
The highness of caliber to triumph while reacting to the feelings of your opponent!
If Pokémon and Trainer boost each other up, the Z-Power unleashed will grow stronger, too!
Also known as the move department store! ...I say that, but Pokémon can only remember four moves at the same time.
Granbull! Sharpedo! Ampharos!
Pokémon that can learn many different moves can, by doing so, deceive the opposing Trainer!
This is a battle that I'm not gonna lose!
This is a battle that I'm not gonna lose!
This is a battle that I'm not gonna lose!
Can you live on ideals alone? Can you get by on just high-sounding talk?
You guys are dazzling...horribly sparkling...
While competing with Team Skull to conserve Pokémon... some people become steeped in evil.
Adults face many complex circumstances, right? Children shouldn't meddle in their affairs.
The children of Alola who aim to be champion through the island challenge—they are not to be underestimated!
You all—you're a good combination. Don't betray your friends!
OK, seriously this time! This is a battle that I am not gonna lose!
OK, seriously this time! This is a battle that I am not gonna lose!
OK, seriously this time! This is a battle that I am not gonna lose!
I'll crush you, meddler with the Pokémon that were being protected by those serious guys! That's the best entertainment!
Ehh... Guess it's back to honest Pokémon conservation activities for me.
People in the Alola region treat Pokémon well, but it's better to make Pokémon fight!
Where there is light, there is shadow! But that's not it. Light generates shadow!
Losing to you...generated dark feelings in me!
Truly bad people do bad things sneakily.
Let's see, how do I undo this development?
What is this... Too severe!
When the eyes of Pokémon Trainers meet, you know what's going to happen, right? A Pokémon battle!
Oh! Your Pokémon looks so happy that it'sthey've won!
The more you battle other Trainers, the more powerful your Pokémon will become!
We call Malie Garden Nugget Garden! Beat us five Trainers and win a fabulous prize! Think you got what it takes?
Whoo! Good stuff!
I did my best. I have no regrets!
I'm second! Now it's serious!
How could I lose?
I did my best, so I've no regrets!
Here's No. 3! I won't be easy!
Ow! Stomped flat!
I did my best. I have no regrets!
I'm No. 4! Getting tired?
I lost, too!
I did my best, so I've no regrets!
OK! I'm No. 5! I'll stomp you!
Whoa! Too much!
I did my best. I have no regrets!
Arrgh! You are good!
Whoa! I'm shocked at your strength!
I guess I'm burned out after all...
That's fighting spirit!
Whee! Whee! It's a battle...a battle!
Why! I lost!
Hey, Trainer! What's "throw a ball with the Y Button" mean? What's it mean?



Preschooler pistons, full power!
Preschooler pistons, stop!
If the Preschooler pistons stop, Pokémon get them moving for me!
Welcome, trial-goer! Think you can handle the ordeal of defeating a Beauty?
Wow! I bet you can finish any trial!
Rotom Dex! Cool, cool! You become more friendly with Rotom by touching it or answering questions, right?
This result...what's up with that?!
My swelling feelings... they've fallen right to the bottom!
The waves of emotion swell... I'm so frustrated with losing that I wanna scream!
Run, run...run away... This is no rendezvous!
I couldn't get it done... Don't worry about it, my precious Pokémon...
Hunh! I can't even stand myself right now!
I'm gonna belt out everything inside of me! I've gotta encourage my Pokémon to keep rocking!
That Kukui...he discovered a great Trainer.
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
Even though I prepared my top moves to be like Professor Kukui!
The gloom that enfolds us like fog...we can't seem to shake it off.
Are we headed to the grave, yo? Will our bones be laid bare, yo?
There may be no winning or losing before true full power!
There may be no winning or losing before true full power!
There may be no winning or losing before true full power!
Hmph. There's nothing more to say.
Hmph. There's nothing more to say.
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
Sensational!
Sensational!
Sensational!
Our first defeat! Sorry, Popplio!
Our first defeat! Sorry, Rowlet!
Our first defeat! Sorry, Litten!
Another defeat... I do not understand it!
It seems we're still not drawing out the full potential of our Pokémon...
Do I... Do I understand my Pokémon a little better, now?
Was I... Was I able to draw out the potential of my Pokémon, at least a little bit?
Whoa! I'm shocked at your strength!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
Well! Once again, you certainly reeled me in.
Not enough dancing!
Sure enough, when it comes to you and Pokémon, the quality of the ingredients shines forth!
I couldn't get it done... Don't worry about it, my precious Pokémon...
...
Thud! That's the sound of your strength rocking me to my core!
That Kukui... He certainly found an interesting Trainer for me to face!
We're gonna keep moving forward, by staying at full power all the time!
We're gonna keep moving forward, by staying at full power all the time!
We're gonna keep moving forward, by staying at full power all the time!
That Kukui... He certainly found an interesting Trainer for me to face!
The calm sea, or the stormy sea... Which do you prefer?
I guess I prefer calm, at least for my opponents...
I like the sea in any of its moods... It's always the same ocean, after all.
I have stayed on this island to train both myself and my Pokémon... Witness our power!
Have I been left behind by the level of strength in society?!
I asked my disciple to come pick me up using Sharpedo when I became strong enough, but I've been waiting for quite some time, now...
I'm just a lost Sightseer, always looking for my boyfriend!
I'm just lost in battle, too, always looking for a way to win!
We're all travelers in life, always looking for something or other.
Isn't this a beautiful spot? I can train here in peace and calm.
It's so calming here... I can't bring out my fighting spirit...
I know, I'll perfect a style of fighting that lets me win even when I don't want to fight!
Winning at a Pokémon battle is easier than fixing my truck!
...I would have won if I didn't lose!
Oh, I'll fix my truck, too... Once I figure out what I'm doing!
I'll fight with all my strength and more, in order to protect Aether Paradise!
Well! Facing you, I bet even people who pick on Pokémon will run away!
I don't know what some of the employees here do. There are so many different people in Aether Paradise, after all.
This is where I proposed to my wife... She's...been gone for a while, now.
My dear wife... Please, guide my way, like how a lighthouse guides a ship!
As a Trainer, it's up to me to guide my Pokémon.
I'm working to be the best in the world at swimming! Help me train!
I need more muscle to swim across all the seas of Alola!
I guess Poliwrath has the best muscles for swimming...
Welcome to my Secret Base! It's so secret, I bet you don't even know where it is! I'll tell you if you can beat me!
Waaah! A secret's a secret, whether I win or lose!
It's a secret...because we haven't made it yet! Even what kind of Secret Base it's going to be is a super, super secret!
The Pokémon of one of our guests and my own Pokémon became friends, so we're taking a walk together.
I...I let our precious guest down...
I think we may be on our way to the Kanto region...
Alola, Trainer! Alola, Pokémon!
So even the combined power of a fiery Vulpix and a cool Vulpix couldn't beat you!
Vulpix and Vulpix. ♪ Even if they look different between Kanto and Alola, they're still friends!
Hey now! It's dangerous to stand in front of a Golfer, Trainer!
Foooooooooooore!
"Fore!" is golf lingo to warn others who are in the flight path of a golf ball! You should watch out when walking in front of other Trainers, too!
I wanted to go swimming once it rained, but the rain isn't filling it up at all! It's so annoying!
Oh, the rain... The rain is flowing away...
The rain of Alola... What can it even wash away...
Bonjour! I'm a Team Skull Grunt, back from the Kalos region!
Hold on, hold on... I'm not used to being tough!
Even in the Kalos region, Ilima was acting all high and mighty!
My partner utilized hula as part of her karate moves!
I'm all shook up!
There was a Pokémon in distant lands that fought gracefully, as if it was dancing. I think it was called Hitmontop.
Oh, only one Pokémon? You need a bigger party than that!
Instead of a fish Pokémon, a Trainer appeared!
The Trainer brought me defeat!
If I don't catch a fish Pokémon, it means I can keep fishing as long as I want!
What're you looking for, yo? That sounds like Team Skull, doesn't it?
Are you for real, yo?!
I came all the way from Akala Island, searching for something I lost. The thing is, I completely forgot what it was I was looking for!
An Exeggutor and an Alolan Exeggutor have met!
Just lookin' at the Exeggutor makes me happy...
I think the Exeggutor's Trainer used Attract on me, too... ♪
You and I can never meet, so long as you only have one Pokémon in your party.
This Sightseer with a tiny Exeggutor's been pestering me nonstop!
I think I heard Exeggutor's Telepathy!
An Exeggutor that looks down, and an Exeggutor that looks up... Y'know, it may be a good team.
If you want to see our precious Exeggutor, you need to have at least two Pokémon with you!
Hey, hand over your Buginium Z! I don't care whether you have one or not!
The Buginium Z... Mr. Guzma...
You take care of your Z-Crystals, you hear me?!
Who...who am I? I remember nothing, except that I was a Trainer! Maybe if I battle, I'll recall more!
Thanks to the shock of being defeated, I feel like my memory is coming back!
I'm lightly dressed... Maybe I was a Hiker before I lost my memories?!
I ended up here in Resolution Cave while searching for more trials.
You appear as a grand trial before us!
The trial called life doesn't end until you run out of energy. You might as well enjoy it!
Captain Kiawe is teaching me how to dance!
Dance, dance. ♪
Dancing with your Pokémon in perfect sync... It's the best!
Training, training. ♪ Dancing and Pokémon, both need more training. ♪
Round and round, I'm spinning round and round...
Pokémon are actually better at dancing than my mom or my teacher!
I was looking for the Poké Ball I threw, but I found a Pokémon Trainer instead!
No Poké Ball, and no victory either!
I'm looking for a Poké Ball I threw from Seafolk Village.
The best place to train as a Firefighter is at the Battle Tree!
And here I was all fired up to take on the Battle Tree...
As a Firefighter I know one thing! Fire always moves up!
No matter how good you are at surfing, you can't ride the waves on a stormy sea! Don't fight the waves! You've gotta ride with them!
Some waves are too big for anyone to ride...
Mantine Surf is something else, too! Watching people be so in tune with Mantine, riding the waves as if they're dancing!
I didn't realize that there was such a big difference between us in how many Trainers we've battled!
My stomach, my stomach's all weak, yo... I don't think I can handle this, yo...
Oh man, I guess that's that.
Perhaps, somewhere in my heart, I was hoping I would lose...
No! My big bro's Pokémon...
Wow, it's fun to have Pokémon battles with people!
Crabrawler is so full of power, it's practically shining!
I'm feeling it! I'm feeling that special bond!
It's raining in my heart, too... I wonder, will there be a rainbow when it lets up...?
...Impressive. I think I can trust you.
Seriously?! You're way too strong, yo!

Agh! You're too powerful!

I lost even though I was so pumped up and full of cheer!
Oooh my...
Hmph! Looks like we burnt out.
My, how vexing to face off against such a skilled young child...
I didn't get to try it out enough!
I hope you enjoyed yourself!
Oh, congratulations! Would you like to order another drink?
Oh, well done, sirmadam! You'll be the Kantonian in no time, I'm sure!
Oh, you're such a tease! I bet I'm not even the first Trainer you've beaten here!
Arrrgh! My authentic, Kanto-style Pokémon!
I hope you enjoyed yourself!
Oh, congratulations! Would you like to order another drink?
Oh, well done, sirmadam! You'll be the Kantonian in no time, I'm sure!
Oh, you're such a tease! I bet I'm not even the first Trainer you've beaten here!
Arrrgh! My authentic, Kanto-style Pokémon!
I'm gonna belt out everything inside of me! I've gotta encourage my Pokémon to keep rocking!
My fragile heart...broken... My strength...burned up...
Hahaha! You're good!
If only I had love!
Well, I lost! So, can I still have that scoop?!
Oh, come on now! Do you want me to sulk?
I'll eventually be the strongest, and it'll be awesome... Nah.
Oh, so that's your strategy? Not bad at all!
Team Rocket has now become...Team Rainbow Rocket! Witness our reborn strength!
I've witnessed your strength! I can't take any more!
It doesn't matter how strong you are... Our boss is waaaaaaaaaaaaaay stronger!
Oh, what a cute little child! You should go home before you get hurt!
I guess I should be the one heading home, but I need to figure out where home is...
You'll regret opposing Team Rainbow Rocket! You'll see!
Do you want to know why we were able to take over the foundation so easily...?
I bet you do!
There is a turncoat in the foundation. The meaning of "turncoat"? ...L-look it up yourself!
You can only bow down before our perfect plan!
Our plan... Maybe it's not so perfect?!
Our boss's plan is amazing! I don't really know the details, but it's definitely amazing!
You haven't heard it in a while, so... Aiyee!
Here's an impression for you: Aiyee!
n/a
n/a
n/a
Defeated by a Team Skull punk?!
Even in defeat, we're still the rainbow!
n/a
n/a
n/a
Red! Blue! Yellow! We'll show you our rainbow strength!
That's all I've got!
Can you remember the order of the floor panels lighting up? If you want to try, press the button in the middle!
I'm the biggest fan of Muk in all of Team RR! You'll never get past me!
I really love Muk, but that doesn't make me a strong Pokémon Trainer!
The only reason I even decided to participate in this take-over plan is so I could see Alolan Muk!
Yellow, green, blue, blue...
Red, yellow, green, yellow...
I couldn't keep my promise to the boss...
I guess I'm not getting very far!
Why is nobody following me?!
It was a battle against loneliness!
Everything I do today just doesn't work out!
Wow, what a downer!
P-please, sir! Get revenge for me!
I wanted to show the newbie how good I was, but...
Not even a single Rattata is getting past me!
Y-you're too strong! How am I supposed to stop that?!
These arrows on the floor... They never take me to where I want to go.
I...I need to use the restroom... But these...these arrows... They just... Aaaauugh!
Oh, cruel world...
Blasted arrows! They make everything more complicated than it needs to be...
Do you never get tired?!
What? Do you have a Max Revive for people or something?!
I've spotted the intruder before the Meowth statues did!
Meow could you...
Even if you get past me, you'll never evade the gaze of the Meowth! But you're not allowed to touch the back of the Meowth, OK?
Meow meow Meowth!
My plan to ambush you by hiding among the Meowth has clearly failed...
Y'know, I wonder why all these security system statues are modeled after Meowth...?
I saw what you were doing—I just couldn't keep up...
If you turn 360 degrees, you'll be facing me again!
I fell behind, but only by an inch...
Like I figured...
Impressive. Your prowess is notable.
Impressive. Your prowess is notable.
I can feel the fire of your convictions burning deep within your heart!
I can feel the fire of your convictions burning deep within your heart!
I couldn't have been defeated by some random Trainer from who knows where!
I couldn't have been defeated by some random Trainer from who knows where!
Ha! That was a truly intense fight!
My Pokémon each gave it their best.
Maaasssttteerrr!
Mount Lanakila towers above us all! This is a new joy for Hikers only. I won't let anyone else trample all over this beauty!
A Trainer and Pokémon bigger than...any mountain?!
Now isn't that something? You're more of a challenge than Mount Lanakila itself!
Have at you!
Please, let me have a moment with my Pokémon, now that they're back in their Poké Balls.
I strive to never let myself down... And even more so, to never let my Pokémon down, since they fight for me against any odds!
It's not just Pokémon! We Trainers need to evolve, too!
This frustration... This disappointment I feel... This is what will help me evolve!
The way you battle changes, and the way you think changes, too... That's how we evolve!
I hear something interesting's been built, so I just had to see it for myself.
The way you and your Pokémon battle—that was definitely worth seeing!
The world is fascinating—it's just full of things I've never seen before!
We dug the tunnels! We made the path! Now, we're gonna challenge a challenger!
This challenger is something else! Definitely one that won't be beaten easily!
It makes me happy to see so many people pass through Victory Road, which me and my Pokémon worked so hard to complete!
We may be away from our home, but our Fighting Dojo travels with us! And all are welcome!
I couldn't even do my sway-back move!
We came all the way from the Kanto region, but I think we're better off heading back to Saffron City.
You need more Pokémon if you want to face us!
Two Black Belts at once! This is going to be a head-on battle, you understand?
A head-on battle...and we lost...?
We thought that if we could become the best in the Alola region, we'd get more students...
You need more Pokémon if you want to face us!
Osu! The guy next to me says "osu," too!
How frustrating! The guy next to me feels frustrated, too!
Osu! It means to push forward, in spite of difficulties and setbacks!
You need more Pokémon if you want to face us!
Put your strength into the area below your belly button!
I'm losing my strength...
Take deep breaths before a big endeavor! You must always remain calm!
You need more Pokémon if you want to face us!
I keep losing, but I think this next battle I'm gonna win!
Agh... Another loss! Another defeat! A fail of epic proportions!
If you keep losing, and losing, and losing, you can keep believing that you'll win next time! That's why I keep challenging people to battles!
Just having a Z-Power Ring or Z-Crystals doesn't mean anything—the power they hold means nothing unless you use it!
You... It seems like you know the strength of the power you hold, and its dangers, too.
Just being together with your Pokémon won't help you win, either. You need to understand each other!
All my Pokémon! All my luggage! I've got my Poké Balls, my backpack, both full of dreams!
You're full of strength, and we fully admit defeat!
My heart's full of memories, too, y'know! And they include my battle with you now!
My desire knows no bounds! I want both victory and all the Pokémon!
The victory I so desired is now beyond my grasp...
Not being able to get something only makes me want it more!
I never stop honing my skills as an ace!
My skills as an ace...they meant nothing against you!
You carry on ahead! We will continue to hone our skills and will surpass you someday!
Only one partner?! Impressive, but you need at least two Pokémon if you want to face us!
My skills as a Veteran have not dwindled!
My skills as a Veteran were not enough against you, eh...
You should move on ahead! We will train more and will catch up with you someday!
Only one partner?! Impressive, but you need at least two Pokémon if you want to face us!
Battō!
Men! Kote! Do! Tsuki!
Ippon!
Tachi-ai!
Tsuba-zeriai!
Maitta!
Do you think you're smart enough to navigate this warp panel labyrinth?!
It looks like the only one lost...is me!
If you're lost, defeating me won't help with that, you know.
Hah! If I capture you, I'm up for a promotion!
I couldn't seize you, or my chance for a promotion!
Oh well, better luck with the next intruder, I guess!
You poor, little, lost Mareep! I'll take good care of you!
What are you, a Gyarados in Mareep's clothing?!
You want to get back to the entrance? Just jump into one out of the two!
Welcome to a dead end!
It's not my fault you're not getting anywhere!
Don't think too much about why I might be guarding a dead end...
You there! Identify yourself!
Such power...
You were strong enough to defeat my Raticate... Heh, very well. You're worthy!
I won't go easy on you, just because you're a kid! It's time you learned to fear adults!
Who said age mattered, anyway?!
Hey, we adults are doing our best, too, y'know! Go easy on us!
Your bad luck to wander into my territory!
Well, lucky you!
I only signed up for Team RR because I was told rainbow color was my lucky color!
I'll do anything to help our boss!
Man, I feel so useless...
Hey, were the guys in charge of being the wall useful for the boss, at least?
Your relentless advance stops here!
...Or maybe it doesn't!
Relentless means to never relent!
You got past the first floor?! Right, I need to stop you right here!
You're unstoppable!
Well, at least I stalled you a little bit! What a joke!
Alola, trial-goer! Have you never seen a Surfer before?
I'll ride waves even if I'm not feelin' it! That's what Surfers do, after all!
I prefer riding waves with just my board, but I gotta say that Mantine Surf looks cool, too!
Even if I can't surf well, that doesn't stop me from enjoying Pokémon battles!
Even if I lose the Pokémon battle...I can still surf!
I try to enjoy Pokémon battles when I can't surf well, and I go surfing when I get beaten in battle! That way, I can have fun 24 hours a day!
Who have you met, and what did you choose?
No doubt about it! You chose Pokémon, didn't you?
I met my Pokémon, but I also met my surfboard. And I ended up choosing both!
Ha! That was a truly intense fight!
Such a strange feeling... I feel somehow proud, despite being defeated.
I don't understand!
Fighting together with your Pokémon... It is not something we had considered ourselves.
You're a tough one, I'll give ya that! I have fun battlin' you, even if I can't beat you down!
I sensed the strength that you possess as Champion.
I'm gonna belt out everything inside of me! I've gotta encourage my Pokémon to keep rocking!
You got a piece of me! And I guess I shouldn't have messed with you...
You had me dancing to your tune, all right!
So I have failed to understand Poipole!
It is not Poipole that failed in this battle. It is I, as a Trainer, who have failed...
You'll have to bring more Pokémon if you want to dance!
If you want to practice dancing with us, you need at least two Pokémon!
Why don't we battle two Pokémon at a time?
Hello there, Trainer! Oh, you only have one Pokémon ready for battle?

