Checking your SD Card... Please wait.
Your SD Card does not have enough free space. Please delete some data from your SD Card.
The Nintendo 3DS Camera application has no room for additional photos, so your photo cannot be saved. Please delete some photos from your SD Card first.
An error has occurred with Nintendo 3DS Camera.
Due to errors detected within the files on your SD Card, your data has been deleted.
The photo cannot be saved because your SD Card is full. Please delete some data from the SD Card in your Nintendo 3DS system.
Please note that you can save <var> more photos at the Alola Photo Club.
You have run out of space to save photos in your Photo Album. Please delete some photos you don't need from your Photo Album.
Saving the photo to your SD Card... Please don't turn off the power.
The selected photo(s) will be deleted. Are you sure about this?
The Nintendo 3DS Camera application has no room for additional photos. Please delete some photos from your Nintendo 3DS system or your Photo Album.
The photo cannot be saved because your SD Card is full. Please close the game and make some space on your SD Card.
The photo has been saved to your SD Card.
Deleting the photo(s)... Please don't turn off the power.
Deleted the photo(s).
You registered the photo as a favorite.
You removed the photo from your favorites.
Please select the photo(s) you want to delete.

Updating your SD Card... Please don't turn off the power.
Your SD Card has been updated.
<var>
<var>/<var>/<var>
<var>
/
Delete
Select conditions and press Search to filter photos.
Sort by
Pokémon
Stickers
Favorites
Models
Background
Shared
Old to new
New to old
Pokédex number
—
<var>
No
Yes
Your Pokémon only
You and your Pokémon
Background 1
Background 2
Background 3
Background 4
Background 5
Background 6
Background 7
Background 8
Confirm
Reset
Please select how to sort your photos.
Please select the first letter of the Pokémon's name.
Please select a Pokémon.
Would you like to search for decorated photos?
Would you like to search for photos you've favorited?
Please select which models you would like to search for.
Please select a background to search for.
Would you like to search shared photos?
Add stickers
Delete
Register as a favorite
Remove from favorites
Back
Yes
No
What would you like to do with this photo?
Share
Don't share
This photo has been registered as the photo that will be shown to everyone.
This photo won't be shared.
You can't delete your favorited or shared photos.
You've shared another photo, but would you like to share this one instead?
This photo will be shared with other players. Is that OK?
In your Photo Album, you can view the photos that you saved at the Alola Photo Club. You can also add stickers to decorate your photos and show one of your photos to other players you meet in Festival Plaza.
To decorate your photo, tap Add stickers. If you want to show your photo to other players, tap Share.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Search
You can't alter this photo further because you've already decorated it once before.
Dummy
Dummy
