Checking your SD Card... Please wait.
Your SD Card does not have enough free space. Please delete some data on your SD Card.
The Nintendo 3DS Camera application has no room for additional photos, so your photo cannot be saved. Please delete some data from your Nintendo 3DS system first.
An error has occurred with Nintendo 3DS Camera. Failed to save the photo(s).
Due to errors detected within the files on your SD Card, your data has been deleted.
The photo cannot be saved because your SD Card is full. Please delete some data from the SD Card in your Nintendo 3DS system.
Please note that you can save <var> more photos at the Alola Photo Club.
You can save <var> more photos at the Alola Photo Club. Please note that you can't take photos once you run out of space.
You've run out of space to save photos at the Alola Photo Club. Please delete some photos you don't need from your Photo Album.
Saving the photo(s) to your SD Card... Please don't turn off the power.

The Nintendo 3DS Camera application has no room for additional photos, so your photo cannot be saved. Please delete some data from your Nintendo 3DS system first.
The photo cannot be saved because your SD Card is full. Please delete some data from the SD Card.
Saved to your SD Card.
You can save up to 420 photos at the Alola Photo Club. After you take <var> more photos, you'll be out of space and unable to take any more photos. Please delete photos that you don't need from your Photo Album.
You've run out of space to save photos at the Alola Photo Club. Please delete some photos you don't need from your Photo Album.
+Control Pad: Pokémon's location X Button / Y Button: Pokémon's direction L Button / R Button: Your direction
Choose who should appear in your photos.
Please select a Pokémon.
Please select a background.
Please select your outfit.
Would you like to cancel your photo shoot?
Are you ready?
Are you OK with this outfit?
Are you OK with this outfit?
You asked <var> to strike a fiery battle pose!
You asked <var> for a cute pose it does at Pokémon Refresh.
Photos have been taken.
You changed the action you'll perform.
Photos that are not selected will be deleted. Is that OK?
Saving the photo(s)... Please don't turn off the power.
Saved the photo(s).
You've run out of space to save photos at the Alola Photo Club. Please delete some photos you don't need from your Photo Album.
You can save up to 420 photos at the Alola Photo Club. After you take <var> more photos, you'll be out of space and unable to take any more photos. Please delete photos that you don't need from your Photo Album.
You can save up to 420 photos at the Alola Photo Club. You can save <var> more photos.
Pokémon
Pokémon and Trainer
<var>
Background 1
Current Outfit
Models
Pokémon
Background
Outfit
Composition
Photo shooting 6
Start photo shoot
Choose an action to perform.
Confirm
Yes
No
Confirm
Change item
Quit
Continue
Start over
Quit
Route 1 A
Route 1 B
Fossil Restoration Center
Route 3
Brooklet Hill A
Wela Volcano Park
Mount Lanakila
Vast Poni Canyon
Hau'oli Cemetery
Abandoned Thrifty Megamart
Poni Meadow
Route 1 C
Melemele Meadow
Ula'ula Meadow
Po Town
Iki Town
Paniola Town
Hau'oli City
Konikoni City
Route 8
Trainers' School
Kala'e Bay
Hau'oli City Beach
Route 14
Brooklet Hill B
Route 15
Ten Carat Hill
Seaward Cave
Ruins of Conflict
Classroom
Shady House
Verdant Cavern
Elite Four Chamber A
Elite Four Chamber B
Elite Four Chamber C
Elite Four Chamber D
Champion's Chamber
Aether Paradise A
Aether Paradise B
Aether Paradise C
Altar of the Sunne
Altar of the Moone
Battle Tree
Battle Royal
Battle Agency
Haina Desert
Mahalo Trail
Seafolk Village
Malie Garden
Lush Jungle
Icy Cave
Paniola Ranch A
Paniola Ranch B
Poni Breaker Coast
Ancient Temple
Indigo Plateau
Bell Tower
Seafloor Cavern
Spear Pillar
Skyarrow Bridge
Lumiose City
Lovey-Dovey Heart
Faraway Space
Celebration Cake
Zenith Stage
Commemorative Photo
Background 67
Background 68
Models
Pokémon
Background
Composition
Outfit
Facing forward
Facing each other
Custom Outfit 1
Custom Outfit 2
Custom Outfit 3
Ride Outfit (Sky)
Riding Wear (Ground)
Riding Wear (Water)
Back to mode selection
Reset
Choose which way your models should face.
You can't move your Pokémon there.
Your Pokémon can't move if you do that!
Your Pokémon can hardly move!
That'll be too cramped for your Pokémon!
There's no room to turn that way.
There's no room to rotate that way.
Choose an action to perform.
Rotate
You can't rotate there.
Updating your SD Card... Please don't turn off the power.
Your SD Card has been updated.
Edit
Delete
Favorite / Remove from Favorites
Quit
Select the photo(s) to delete.
The selected photo(s) will be deleted. Is that OK?
Deleting the photo(s)... Please don't turn off the power.
Deleted the photo(s).
It's added to your favorites.
It's removed from your favorites.
Please select a mode. Easy mode You can take photos easily by snapping a photo while performing actions to capture the perfect pose. Advanced mode You can move the camera and your Pokémon around to take photos.
Let's prepare your photo shoot! Tap the option you want to change. Then when you're ready, tap Start photo shoot.
Options that are not available in easy mode, such as models, backgrounds, and outfits, are available in this advanced mode.
You can select a background from this menu. Press the Y Button, and you can change the time of day as well. However, you can't change the time for some backgrounds.
You can select your outfit from this menu. Tap one of the outfits to temporarily change into it. To create custom outfits, select one of the custom outfit options, then tap the customization icon to make clothing selections and save your new outfit.
To take awesome shots, have your Pokémon take different actions to capture a cool pose!
Flip this switch, and your Pokémon will perform the actions it uses in battle or when playing cutely with you.
Tap this Pokémon call button, and you can ask your Pokémon to perform another action. Tap the button many times to see what kinds of actions your Pokémon might take!
Press the action button here to choose what kind of action you'll take during the photo shoot. Tap the play button, and you'll perform that action. Tap it again to pause in the middle of your action and capture a great pose.
Select the tabs on the left to change controls. Tapping the top tab will display controls for taking actions and shooting photos. Tapping the bottom tab will display controls for adjusting the camera's position and more.
Controls that are not available in easy mode, such as rotating your Pokémon and camera, are available in advanced mode. Try out all of the functions, and take some awesome shots!
Select a tab on the left to change controls. First tab: Use actions and take photos Second tab: Move your Pokémon Third tab: Rotate your Pokémon Fourth tab: Rotate yourself Fifth tab: Adjust the camera
You can control the camera from this menu. Use each slider to zoom in or out, change the height of the camera, and move the camera left or right.
In advanced mode, you can rotate the camera. This ability is not available in easy mode. Rotate the camera to take photos from various angles.
You can control the camera from this menu. Use each slider to zoom in or out, change the height of the camera, move the camera left or right, and rotate the camera around your models to change the angle you shoot from.
You can move your Pokémon here. Touch and drag the Pokémon icon to the place you like and drop it there. The icon will turn red if you try to move your Pokémon into a place where it can't fit.
You can rotate your Pokémon here. Rotate the arrows around the Pokémon icon to rotate your Pokémon. The icon will turn red if you try to rotate your Pokémon in a direction it can't face.
You can rotate yourself here. Rotate the arrows around your icon to rotate yourself. Your icon will turn red if you try to rotate yourself in a direction you can't face.
Six photos will be taken in one photo shoot. Tap and put star marks on the photos you want to save, and then select Confirm. Your photos will be saved.
You can rotate your Pokémon. Drag an arrow to rotate your Pokémon.
You can rotate yourself. Drag an arrow to rotate yourself.
Please select a mode.
Easy
Advanced
Select options for your photo shoot!
<var>
Select the photos you want to keep. A Button: Select/Deselect    Y Button: Confirm
Would you like to continue?
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
<var> seems very happy!
<var> seems a bit embarrassed!
<var> seems content!
<var> seems a bit surprised!
<var> seems satisfied!
Your Pokémon's position will be reset because it can't take any actions there. Change actions?
You can't select this composition.
