

Period (UTC)
It's happening now!
It has ended.
<var>/<var>/20<var> <var>:<var> to <var>/<var>/20<var> <var>:<var>
Goal
<var>
As of <var>/<var>/20<var> <var>:<var>
<var>'s Current Records
<var>'s Records
<var>
Reward
<var> to <var> FC
<var> FC
Not participating
NEW RECORD!
Received on <var>/<var>/20<var> <var>:<var>.
Final Result
Get your reward from the receptionist.
Participate
Checking the information... Please wait.
Updating the information... Please wait.
Would you like to participate in this global mission?
Information about the global mission has been updated.
You registered for the global mission. If you achieve a new record for the mission, the record will be reflected when you speak to the receptionist in Festival Plaza and select "Check" or use Game Sync.
No global missions are currently happening.
A reward for the global mission has been delivered. Please get it from the receptionist.
Global missions cannot be updated because the server is busy. Please wait and come again later.
You cannot register for participating in a global mission because the server is busy. Please wait and try again later.
<var>
Time Remaining:
Total Score:
Individual Score:
Participants:
<var>
:
<var>
<var>
Quit
Greet experienced Trainers!
Give a message to beginners!
Find people in love!
Find lonely people!
Survey about male friends!
Survey about female friends!
Find big brothers and sisters!
Find middle children!
Find youngest children!
Find only children!
Personality matters most!
Looks matter most!
Secrets are something to keep!
Secrets are something to leak!
Chill out in your free time?
Active in my free time!
Find fans!
Big costume contest!
Send people to lottery shops!
Send people to bouncy houses!
Send people to haunted houses!
Send people to food stalls!
Send people to goody shops!
Send people to fortune-teller tents!
Send people to dye houses!


Japanese lesson!
English lesson!
French lesson!
Italian lesson!
German lesson!
Spanish lesson!
Korean lesson!
Mandarin lesson!
Cross-cultural communications!
See through people's disguises!
True selves are the best!





Show off muscles!

Break boulders quickly!

Research red!
Research green!
Research orange!
Research purple!
Research yellow!
Research blue!
Research navy blue!
Research pink!
Type matchup tests!

Inverse type matchup tests!

Find Normal-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Fire-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Water-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Electric-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Grass-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Ice-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Fighting-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Poison-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Ground-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Flying-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Psychic-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Bug-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Rock-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Ghost-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Dragon-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Dark-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Steel-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Fairy-type enthusiasts! Part 1
Find Normal-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Fire-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Water-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Electric-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Grass-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Ice-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Fighting-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Poison-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Ground-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Flying-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Psychic-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Bug-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Rock-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Ghost-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Dragon-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Dark-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Steel-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find Fairy-type enthusiasts! Part 2
Find people who have played Pokémon for 5 years or more, and greet them very politely! Strategy tips: ･ I'm an experienced Trainer. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who have played Pokémon 5 years or less, and give a message to them! Strategy tips: ･ I'm a beginner Trainer. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Speak to people who have someone they love! Strategy tips: ･ I have someone I love! ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who don't have anyone they love, and speak to them! Strategy tips: ･ I don't have anyone I love. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who have many male friends, and have a lively conversation with them! Strategy tips: ･ I have a lot of male friends. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who have many female friends, and have a lively conversation with them! Strategy tips: ･ I have a lot of female friends. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who are the oldest among their siblings, and speak to them! Strategy tips: ･ I'm the oldest among my siblings. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who are middle children, and speak to them! Strategy tips: ･ I'm in the middle among my siblings. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who are the youngest among their siblings, and speak to them! Strategy tips: ･ I'm the youngest among my siblings. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find only children, and speak to them! Strategy tips: ･ I'm the only child. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who value personality over looks in a person! Strategy tips: ･ Personality matters. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who value looks over personality in a person! Strategy tips: ･ Looks matter. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who are tight-lipped and can keep secrets! Strategy tips: ･ I will keep secrets at all costs. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Find people who have a big mouth and can't keep secrets! Strategy tips: ･ I will tell secrets to people. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Research how many people like to spend their free time indoors. Strategy tips: ･ I like to stay at home when I'm free. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Research how many people like to spend their free time out of the house. Strategy tips: ･ I like to go out when I'm free. ･ Get to know your VIPs very well.
Among the crowds of Festival Plaza, your fans are dressed like you. Find them!
A costume contest will be held by your fans! Some fans are not quite right, so find them, and give them advice!
Attract customers to lottery shops! Satisfy customers to succeed!
Attract customers to bouncy houses! Satisfy customers to succeed!
Attract customers to haunted houses! Satisfy customers to succeed!
Attract customers to food stalls! Satisfy customers to succeed!
Attract customers to goody shops! Satisfy customers to succeed!
Attract customers to fortune-teller tents! Satisfy customers to succeed!
Attract customers to dye houses! Satisfy customers to succeed!


Greet people who are playing the game in Japanese! Strategy tips: ･ Konnichiwa! ･ Arigatō! ･ Sayōnara!
Greet people who are playing the game in English! Strategy tips: ･ Hello! ･ Thank you! ･ Bye!
Greet people who are playing the game in French! Strategy tips: ･ Bonjour ! ･ Merci ! ･ Au revoir !
Greet people who are playing the game in Italian! Strategy tips: ･ Buongiorno! ･ Grazie! ･ Ciao!
Greet people who are playing the game in German! Strategy tips: ･ Guten Tag! ･ Danke! ･ Tschüss!
Greet people who are playing the game in Spanish! Strategy tips: ･ ¡Hola! ･ ¡Gracias! ･ ¡Adiós!
Greet people who are playing the game in Korean! Strategy tips: ･ Annyeonghaseyo! ･ Gomawo! ･ Annyeonghi gaseyo!
Greet people who are playing the game in traditional or simplified Chinese! Strategy tips: ･ Nǐhǎo! ･ Xièxie! ･ Zàijiàn!
Find people who use different languages than yours! Strategy tips: ･ Greetings in other languages ･ Appreciative messages in other languages
Find people who are in disguise wearing a hat and glasses.
Find people who don't disguise themselves by wearing a hat and glasses.





Show off how awesome you and Machamp are! Speak to people, and if enough people say you're the best pair, you'll clear the mission! Strategy tips: ･ People who sound happy.
Show off how awesome you and Machamp are! Speak to people, and if enough people say you're the best pair, you'll clear the mission! Strategy tips: ･ People who sound happy.
Ride Tauros and break boulders that appear in Festival Plaza!
Ride Tauros and break boulders that appear in Festival Plaza!
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in red. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Red ･ Dark Red ･ Bright Red
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in green. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Green ･ Dark Green ･ Bright Green
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in orange. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Orange ･ Dark Orange ･ Bright Orange
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in purple. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Purple ･ Dark Purple ･ Bright Purple
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in yellow. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Yellow ･ Dark Yellow ･ Bright Yellow
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in blue. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Blue ･ Dark Blue ･ Bright Blue
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in a shade of navy blue. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Navy Blue ･ Dark Navy Blue ･ Bright Navy Blue
Find people who have every piece of their outfit dyed in pink. Strategy tips: ･ Pastel Pink ･ Dark Pink ･ Bright Pink
Have Pokémon type matchup battles! Select a type that's super effective against the Pokémon that people mention!

Have Pokémon type matchup battles! Select a type that's super effective against the Pokémon that people mention! But be careful! Type matchups are inversed.

Speak to people who like Normal-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Fire-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Water-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Electric-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Grass-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Ice-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Fighting-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Poison-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Ground-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Flying-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Psychic-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Bug-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Rock-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Ghost-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Dragon-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Dark-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Steel-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Fairy-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon commonly seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Normal-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Fire-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Water-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Electric-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Grass-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Ice-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Fighting-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Poison-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Ground-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Flying-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Psychic-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Bug-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Rock-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Ghost-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Dragon-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Dark-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Steel-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Speak to people who like Fairy-type Pokémon! Strategy tips: They will be talking about Pokémon not seen in Alola.
Catch a lot of Pokémon!
Trade Pokémon at the GTS!
Hatch a lot of Eggs!
Harvest Poké Beans!
Play in Festival Plaza!
Find Pokémon Using Island Scan!
Win at the Battle Agency!
Have Fun Mantine Surfing!
Fish for Lots of Pokémon!
Win Battle Royals!
Evolve Your Pokémon!
Get BP at the Battle Tree!
Catch as many wild Pokémon as possible during the mission period!
Trade as many Pokémon as possible at the GTS during the mission period!
Hatch as many Pokémon Eggs as possible during the mission period!
Harvest as many Poké Beans as possible on Poké Pelago during the mission period!
Spend as many Festival Coins as possible during the mission period!
Find as many Pokémon as possible using Island Scan!
Win as many times as possible at the Battle Agency in Festival Plaza during the mission period!
Enjoy Mantine Surfing, and earn as many Beach Points (BP) as possible during the mission period!
Fish as many Pokémon as possible during the mission period!
Win as many times as possible at the Battle Royal during the mission period!
Evolve as many Pokémon as possible during the mission period!
Earn as many Battle Points as possible at the Battle Tree during the mission period!
Yes
No
<var> : <var>
Calculating the scores!
You can't participate in this global mission because it ended.










