Free Battle
Rating Battle
Online Competition
Friendly Competition
Single Battle
Double Battle
Battle Royal
Special Battle
Continue battling
Switch Battle Teams
Quit battling
Participate in a Competition
Battle
Check Digital Player ID
Cancel Participation
Previous Competition
Competition Information
Yes
No
Special Pokémon: Allowed
Special Pokémon: Banned
Scan a QR Code
Championships Battle
Battle Spot
Rating Battle
Free Battle
Single
Double
Special
Battle Royal
Online Competition
<var>
<var>
Friendly Competition
Welcome to the Battle Spot! This is the place where you can enjoy Link Battles with people all over the world! You can also enter various competitions for which you've registered at the Pokémon Global Link.
In Free Battles, your Battle Team must not contain duplicate Pokémon or duplicate held items. As for special Pokémon, you can choose if they are allowed or not.
Special Pokémon cannot participate in Rating Battles. Your Battle Team must not contain duplicate Pokémon or duplicate held items. Special Battles and Pokémon World Championships Battles have different regulations for each season.
To participate in Online Competitions, you need to register at the Pokémon Global Link website. You can visit the Pokémon Global Link website for information about ongoing competitions and their rules: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
To participate in Friendly Competitions, you need to register at the Pokémon Global Link website. You can visit the Pokémon Global Link website for information about Friendly Competitions you can participate in and their rules: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
You can visit the Pokémon Global Link website for details about these regulations: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/ If you scan the QR Code using a QR Code reader, you will be directed to the web page for the details.
You can choose to automatically transmit your Battle Videos after Rating Battles so that their search codes may be published on the Pokémon Global Link website. Note that you can join in Rating Battles even if you don't approve automatic transmission of your Battle Videos.
You are going to register participating Pokémon before the first battle.

Rating:
<var>
No. of Battles:
<var>
Wins:
<var>
Losses:
<var>
<var>
♂
♀
l
<var>
<var>
Rating:
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
No. <var>
Opponent 1
Opponent 2
Opponent 3
Please choose a mode.
You're going to challenge a Free Battle! Which battle format would you like?
You're going to challenge a Rating Battle! Which battle format would you like?
Do you agree to the automatic transmission of your Battle Videos?
To participate in Rating Battles, you need to register at the Pokémon Global Link website: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
Communicating... Please wait a moment.
Checking your SD Card... Don't turn off the power.
The regulations have been updated.
The regulations data is corrupted. Please start again.
The regulations data that was corrupted has been restored.
The regulations data cannot be saved because the SD Card is full.
The server is under maintenance. Please try again later.
The season ended.
Do you want to register your system for Rating Battles?
Registering your system...
This system has been registered. Please note that participating in a Rating Battle with a different system will reset your results.
You're trying to participate with a different system. Your past results will be reset. Are you really OK with resetting your results?
Resetting the results and registering your system...
Your results have been reset, and the system has been registered.
Searching for an opposing Trainer... Please wait.
An opposing Trainer has been found! The battle will begin soon.
An opposing Trainer could not be found. Please try again later.
Communication error. Please start again from the beginning.
It will take some time for the results to be updated. You can check the results in the Pokémon Global Link website, too. Do you want to continue battling?
Do you want to continue battling?
Checking the status of competitions...
To participate in the competition, please register at the Pokémon Global Link website: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
There's no competition you can currently participate in.
The competition in which you were participating has ended. Please visit the Pokémon Global Link website for information about upcoming competitions: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
The competition in which you were participating has ended. Your Battle Team has been unlocked. Please visit the Pokémon Global Link website for information about upcoming competitions: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
You cannot participate in this competition.
If you cancel your participation in the competition, you won't be able to participate in it again. Do you want to cancel your participation for the <var>?
You won't be able to participate in the <var>. Are you absolutely sure you'd like to cancel your participation?
Your participation has been canceled, and your Battle Team has been unlocked.
Downloading the Digital Player ID...
The Digital Player ID has been downloaded.
Please choose a Battle Team that will participate in the competition.
The competition you entered hasn't started yet. Please visit the Pokémon Global Link for the competition dates: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
You canceled your participation in this competition.
Your Battle Team is locked, and Game Sync is complete. You are ready for participating in the competition.
The system is different from the one you used to register for the competition. Please check your system.
You cannot battle right now. Please visit the Pokémon Global Link to find out when you can battle: http://www.pokemon-gl.com/
Sorry. You have participated in the maximum number of battles for the day. You cannot battle anymore today.
Current competition
Previous competition
You canceled participation.
You cannot participate in this competition.
The camera will start up to take a photo of a QR Code.
You obtained the Digital Player ID.
What would you like to do?
You don't have the Digital Player ID for the competition you are participating in. Is it OK to cancel your participation?
If you're participating in a competition, you won't be able to participate in it again. Are you absolutely sure you'd like to cancel your participation?
If you cancel your participation in the competition, you won't be able to participate in it again. Do you want to cancel your participation in the competition and unlock the Battle Team?
The previous Battle Team has been unlocked for you to participate in a new Friendly Competition.

