Alola! Check out my cute Pokémon!
Huh! You're kinda strong, aren't you?
If you see a Pokémon Trainer, you've gotta show off the Pokémon you like!
Hey, let's battle!
Oh, right!
I just really like Pokémon, so win or lose, I'm happy.
I heard something good happens if you battle another Trainer!
Hey, losing isn't something good!
I guess the something good was that I got to meet you through the battle!
Hey, Pokémon Trainers always seem to be people who like Pokémon, right? Isn't that strange?
I got it! You must love Pokémon, too!
Even if a Pokémon doesn't like you, if you tell it that you like it every day, it will grow to love you!
When you stay up at night, don't you get sleepy?
I'm not getting enough sleep!
There are Pokémon that can sleep and recharge even while battling!
Hoooo-wah!
Hoooo-wah!
Hoooo-wah!
What? It's already over?!
What? It's already over?!
What? It's already over?!
Aww, man! I wanted to show off my Pokémon's best side more!
Aww, man! I wanted to show off my Pokémon's best side more!
Aww, man! I wanted to show off my Pokémon's best side more!
Sensational!
To think that you've wounded my pride, which is harder than diamonds!


Yo, I'm feelin' mad annoyed that my team just got destroyed.
For real?!
Oh! That's game and set, isn't it?
Ahaha! I dunno 'bout tactics and stuff 'cause I haven't been doin' my homework.
Whoa! Well played!
Ah! Won't be as close t' my Bonsly...
When the eyes of Pokémon Trainers meet, it's time to battle!
I lost! But that was still exciting!
I'll raise my Pokémon by making 'em battle! So someday I'll be able to look you in the eyes!
Let's go! Kneecaps!
Aww... Brought to my knees.
I gotta catch more Pokémon! Pokémon with cool knees are so neat.



Hey! Please battle me!
If you're strong, please go away!
Great Trainers can sense promise in other Trainers! Did you pick up on anything?
Alola! Whaddya think? I'm pretty good at greetings, huh? I'm also great at Pokémon battles!
Oh! No!
The awesomeness of your Pokémon! You should take on the world!
I'm looking for Berries to have my Pokémon hold!
Oh! If only I had given Butterfree a Berry to hold...
Berries lie at the base of trees. After all, that's why they are Berries!
Each Pokémon possesses an Ability. Understanding these well leads to victory!
I couldn't show off the effects of Abilities?!
There are many kinds of Pokémon Abilities— some that produce effects in battle, and some that produce effects at other times!
I'll draw out the power of my partner, Growlithe, by giving it an item to hold!
Being a Trainer, I myself should also have used an item!
The item you want a Pokémon to hold will change depending on how you want it to fight!
Do you have preferences about the type of moves in addition to the type of Pokémon?
More preferences, please!
There is a type for moves, just like there is a type for Pokémon. When the move type is the same as the Pokémon type, it's more powerful!
Oh! You look comfortable on your Pokémon!
Oh! You look comfortable with your Pokémon!
While it's also good to ride Pokémon, I like swimming with Pokémon.
Life came from the sea!
I want to dive into the sea! I'm so ashamed that I want to dive!
Youngsters evolve into Swimmers. Just kidding!
All right! Come battle a lady!
Argh! You're way too strong!
Pokémon seem happy when they get to fully unleash a move!
The swaying makes my heart sway, too... Oh yeah, let me introduce my Pokémon.
That move, this move... I'm so confused...
When I float with my Pokémon between the waves, my heart dissolves into the world...
My favorite bikini makes Pokémon happy, too!
It's tough fetching Poké Balls from my bikini!
My favorite bikini makes Pokémon happy, too!
Wearing that getup seems too hot! Have a good sweat in a battle!
My Pokémon and I are in a cold sweat from losing...
In Alola, it's totally normal to wear a bikini from morning 'til night!
When I come to the Pokémon cemetery... it's no good because I get so mournful.
I...I'll try to hold back my tears.
He's still alive in my heart... Maybe that is enough.
I'll use the moves it was so good at!
Pikaa...
The grave where Pikachu rests... I address it using its words.
Here, the Pokémon that was my family rests. However, rather than being mournful, I endeavor to present myself as cheery.
Makuhita! You can't sleep, too!
Resting in this grave is the comrade of the Makuhita that just fought. They truly were like parent and child...
Is it cool for me to be in Team Skull if I'm this brittle?







For real?! Over already?!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
Yes! You have emerged victorious!
I'd like to help out as a Trial Guide. But I don't wanna give you an easy win!
I crammed Pokémon in my backpack, bounced around, and now I'm here!
Whoa, looks like I've been visited by defeat!
I've been traveling everywhere, too, so I totally get how fun the island challenges must seem!
I am a Fisherman. In short, I'm a person who fishes for Pokémon!
I can't stand being caught!
A person who fishes can be called an angler or a Fisherman.



Fishing is a path... It's a battle to win against oneself in addition to the Pokémon.
Even if I can win against myself, it looks like I've lost to you!
I calmly wait for the "!" to appear, no matter how much fuss the Pokémon puts up!
When the fishing line has been cast, a sucker may come along wanting to battle... Er, a Trainer will be hooked!
Maybe I, myself, became the sucker?
Having a Fishing Rod is fun because it allows you to meet both Pokémon and Trainers!
The keeper of Ten Carat Hill! It's refreshing to be overcome!
I'll teach you some tricks that guarantee hooking some Pokémon!
I'm not sure I need to teach you any fishing tricks.
If you don't give up until you catch something, you'll definitely catch a Pokémon. In Pokémon battles as well, if you battle until you win, you'll definitely win.
I am a Collector. Which is to say that I collect Pokémon.
Gimme gimme!
Collectors are happy beings. Even if there are no Pokémon we want, just our imagination can make us smile.






I rely on apps for traveling recommendations!
I guess I still haven't mastered the recommended Rattata.
It's a mystery as to whose recommendation it is, but Paniola Ranch is apparently really nice.
I think you need to train your Pokémon.
How wonderful!
You should speak up in advance when there's nothing a Beauty could teach you.
When you speak of the Youngster Anthony, I'm the only one in the Alola region!
You beat me, the only one like me in Alola, so you're great!
When I think about it, you, too, are all alone in the world. Hold on a sec... How great is that!



I'm a Breeder! I raise and breed Pokémon!
I'm a Breeder! I'm sorry for losing!
I'm a Breeder! I recommend the Pokémon Nursery!



Pokémon and Trainer join forces to make a team.
Ah! I'll swim, too... Er, I want to compete together!
I want to win a swimming relay, not as Trainer and Pokémon but as members of the same team.
Welcome to my mini-island.
I-I lost. Because I won't budge!
Well, I guess you can stay here too on my mini-island.
Swimming is full-body exercise! It's toned muscle tactics!
Toned muscle flexes spontaneously.
Muscle is important for Pokémon, too! It's the muscles, not the brain, that decide which move to use in battle!
Oh come onnn... I wonder where I can go to spend time alone with my Pokémon.
You're actually not a bother. Thanks for a little excitement.
Pokémon that don't say anything are perfect for me right now...
Alola Trainers have a different charm than those in Kalos!
New encounters help people and Pokémon grow and mature!
Nice! How'd you come up with that kind of battle plan? You gotta tell me!
Nice! How'd you come up with that kind of battle plan? You gotta tell me!
Nice! How'd you come up with that kind of battle plan? You gotta tell me!
How annoying!
Bone-dry!
I was unprepared! Perhaps I did not put enough emotion into the dance.
Wr-wr-wr-wrecked!
Maybe I should be more selfish since it's a Battle Royal!
It was well fought and I lost fair and square, yeah. That was excellent. I feel great. Woo!
There was so much to think about that I got all mixed up... but that was a blast!
There was so much to think about that I got all mixed up... but that was a blast!
There was so much to think about that I got all mixed up... but that was a blast!
Hmph... So I failed to keep things under control again?
My emotions... I guess I was unable to convey them.

Yo, yo, you...you're no joke.
Phooey.
How lovely.
One plus one is two, but it could also be three or four.
I'm too young for math!
There are some Trainers who will challenge you as a pair, like us.
You've got just one Pokémon? At that count, we can't fight.
There's no way we'll lose! It's important to feel strong!
A loss and a loss make a double loss!
The tears we cry when we lose make us stronger.
You've got just one Pokémon? Then sorry, we can't battle.
If it's all right with you, battle with us!
Oh my gosh!
We admire Dexio and Sina, the great duo from the Kalos region!
You've gotta have two Pokémon to battle with us as a duo!
Combos that can't be used alone can be used when there are two of us!
Combos are so difficult. But that's why they're fun!
Those mysterious people, Sina and Dexio, are solving all sorts of cases!
This is a 2-on-2 Pokémon battle! You don't have enough healthy Pokémon.
Battles are the best for raising Pokémon!
Even if Pokémon lose...it's OK as long as the Trainer grows from that.
Trainers also grow through raising Pokémon.



One of the duties of a Breeder is to discover and refine the strengths of Pokémon.
I wanna know what my strengths are!
The more you learn about Pokémon, the more fascinating they become!
Alola! I'm Caleb. Let's give each other a look at our Pokémon!
Your Pokémon—so cool!
I don't mind Youngster, but I wanna be called that boy in shorts!



Here I go!
It's over!
Nothing!
So! What do you think of the largeness of my area?!
Whoa! A large-scale Trainer!
In my case, my volume is large in addition to my area!
I was losing constantly, so I'm on a trip to find myself.
I think about why I lost, but I don't dwell on it!
Even if you dwell on your losses, tomorrow is a new day!
Attacking from a high place to a low place is as easy as chopping down bamboo.
I guess I wasn't able to make full use of the potential energy from being in a high place.
The Ability No Guard ensures that all attacks will hit! Yeah, even against Pokémon using Fly!
Trainer detected! I will now commence the attack!
An honorable defeat! I lost, but it was invigorating!
I had climbed to a high place... I was hoping for a way to get down. So my thanks to you!
Research! Research! I shall research the Pokémon!
I present the results of my research! This person's Pokémon—strong!
A further research topic is how to defeat strong Pokémon.
The sea and beach are so nice. Just being here broadens my mind!
Me as I am now, I can tolerate losing.
Battling for enjoyment without worrying about winning or losing is also nice.
Hee hee... Wanna help me pass the time?
Nuh-uh!
Maybe you're a little too stoked?
Good wind! Good waves! Above all, my good mood!
Were my Wingull in a bad mood?
You can catch the flow if your Pokémon use moves while in a good mood!
Can you tell me how you chose your partner Pokémon?
I have trouble deciding on my partners, because there are so many criteria.
Lapras is so great! I feel pleasantly cool when I ride on its back.
The best thing about Swimmers? There is nothing for us other than Pokémon! We represent freedom.
I'm empty-handed, but I do have the prize money to pay you.
A place to put away Poké Balls? That's the mystery of Swimmers, isn't it?
I'll attack you boldly in my bold bikini!
Left watered-down at the waterfront!
Bikinis and Pokémon battles are totally unrelated.
Which Pokémon do you think is fitting with the grave? Let's battle. Perhaps you'll figure it out.
Is it Ghost type after all? I'm also looking for something that's unexpected.
The graves in Akala have been here a long time... That's why this is a tourist spot.
I thought I'd have a little gander at the Ruins of Life. But there's one thing to do first!
Quite skillfully done!
Tapu Lele visits the Ruins of Life... It's considered to be the vitalizing Pokémon.
Punk Girl sounds scary, doesn't it? Please be friendly and call me Punky.
You're...the calm, cool, and collected type, aren't you?
With these flashy looks but polite expressions, I deceive and confuse my opponents.
People in graves are sleeping forever, right?
Aah... I'm getting sleepy!
If they're sleeping and won't wake up, just give them a Chesto Berry to hold.
Good morning! Mornin' for short!
You played that battle well! GG for short!
Thanks for being my opponent! TY for short!
I fish when I think I can catch something. I battle when I think I can win.
Would've been nice if I could've won just by thinking I could win.
I fish when I think I can catch something. I fish when I believe I can catch something. They are similar but different.
Work through brute force doesn't go well!
Your power is beyond what I imagined!
Doing calculations allows you to tap into your power!
Dig a hole!
If there was a hole here, I'd wanna crawl into it! I wanna dig a hole and hide!
Dig a hole! If I dug it, I'd wanna fill it up. My soul cries out at me to do that!
Whether in battles or in digging tunnels, Pokémon are incredible!
The same is true for my Pokémon, but your Pokémon—incredible!
This was originally a path dug by Diglett. Diglett let us use it as well, so we maintain it out of gratitude!
Eat well, sleep well...then it's time for a proper battle!
I've had enough! I can't fight anymore.
A Trainer's Pokémon don't grow if they are left alone. Although when I eat meals, I naturally grow horizontally.
Are you raising Pokémon?
Maybe, in addition to providing care, raising means drawing out talents?
I've built up the lower body of my Pokémon through the undulations on the ranch! I guess what I need to use most is myself...
All right! Trial-goer, have a look at my kids.
You're growing rapidly. That's wonderful!
Trainer and Pokémon are like parent and child! Just seeing them cheerful makes you happy!
Look at the lustrous heads of my Pokémon!
My Pokémon are cute, even when they lose!
I can't help petting the heads of my Pokémon! It seems there are even Pokémon that will high-five you if you hold up your hand!
I keep repeating fair battles with Pokémon and Trainers. What kind of person is a Fisherman...?
Joy when I hook it... Sadness when it gets away...
Life bobs up and down... I think while watching the bobber... I could catch rare Pokémon from rock piles with bubbles spouting from them...
You're a fool if you dance... and a fool if you just look on!
My stomach is crying and saying "urgent"!
My stomach is crying and saying "urgent"!
It's fine with me. I've grown tired of eating rich meals.
It's fine with me. I've grown tired of eating rich meals.
Argh, the humiliation... Well, eat heartily, at least.
Argh, the humiliation... Well, eat heartily, at least.
That was a filling appetizer.
That was a filling appetizer.
What a shame! The delicious-looking food will all be nourishment just for you.
What a shame! The delicious-looking food will all be nourishment just for you.
Me! I'll go back to being an ordinary Breeder!
Me! I'll go back to being an ordinary Breeder!
Argh! First I take a loss, and then I get called by my company!
Argh! First I take a loss, and then I get called by my company!
All this moving around made me unnecessarily hungry!
All this moving around made me unnecessarily hungry!




Good-bye, my tasty chow...
Good-bye, my tasty chow...
What's "sir-vival of the fit-tust"?
What's "sir-vival of the fit-tust"?
Wh-what?! My calculations were off!
Wh-what?! My calculations were off!
Whaaat!
Whaaat!
Win or lose, it's the same price...
Win or lose, it's the same price...
Bwah!! I had my breath held that whole battle!
Bwah!! I had my breath held that whole battle!
Bwah!! I had my breath held that whole battle!
Hey, yo! When I fight, I'm not supposed to lose!
I don't know if you care, but that bus stop weighs about as much as Golem!
You're with Kukui... Looks like he brought along a good Trainer.
I see. Great work...I guess.
You, you!
Hmmph! I can't even stand myself right now!
If attacking from the front doesn't work, what about from the rear... I've got a lot to think about!
A lookout has to be strong for when the time comes!
You're on a whole other level than me. I've just got to laugh at myself...
Ack! The island challenge has made you way too strong!
Yeah, yeah. I gotta admit, that was great!
Hmph... How annoying.
Hmph...

Aiyee!
Hmm...It seems as though I may have lost.
I haven't done enough development work on Pokémon battles!
You really do just win, don't you? Honesty seems like the way to go.
It's not a particularly original line, but wherever there is light, there is also shadow.
There is another world that cannot be brought about through idle talk... Got it?
That was—! No way! But I totally had to win this one!
That was—! No way! But I totally had to win this one!
That was—! No way! But I totally had to win this one!
I gotta keep the boss from getting his hands dirty, so I'm gonna wreck you myself!
Wasn't me who got crushed! It was my Pokémon, right? You think so, too, right?
The boss is not gonna be happy about this... I wish he would punish my Pokémon instead of me!
Aiyee!
Here's an impression for you: Aiyee!
Hmph... That's Faba for you.
This is for the sponsor who supports Team Skull!
All our strength comes from the money we've gotten...
I'll do anything if you pay me for it! Like, let's see... Wanna see me get hit with Hyper Beam?
Hey, what's up with you? How come I can't smash you?!
How...how can you be so awful!
Ow, that hurts! Even my heart hurts!
Our 200 percent is, like, what percentage of your strength?!
Thud! That's the sound of your strength rocking me to my core!
Aaauuuggghhhhhhhhh!!!
Hmph. There's nothing more to say.
I could feel the power you gained on your journey through Alola.
Really lovely...both you and your Pokémon...
I'm...I'm speechless! You've done me in!
It's frustrating to me as a member of the Elite Four, but it seems your strength is the real deal.
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!






Oh my gosh! It's a trial-goer! Show me your Pokémon! Let me see the sights!
Oh my gosh! I lost to a trial-goer! An authentic Alola experience!
Oh my gosh! I've gotta go see Kiawe's fiery dance with Pokémon!
If it's a mountain, I've gotta climb it! That's the spirit of the Hiker!
There are some mountains I can't climb... I'm talking about you and your Pokémon!
I've gotta first climb down the mountain. I'm off to be able to climb the next one...
Allow me to show you the ace Kadabra of an Ace Trainer!
Aah! I blacked out!
I want to make my Kadabra evolve! Friends... I need friends!
Whee-ooh, whee-ooh! My impression of a siren is pretty good, eh? I'm pretty good at Pokémon battles, too.
You're something else! You're better at Pokémon battles than I am!
I want to put a siren on Tauros and make it exclusive to Police Officers.
I know so much about rare Pokémon!
You see...rare Pokémon are too special to be used for fighting...
Shiny Pokémon are too special to be shown off...
Were you bothered by this Beauty strolling along? Or by my Pokémon?
You bother me!
Telling someone their Pokémon are cute is a good way to strike up a conversation.



Moltres!
My Poliwhirl and I went up in flames!
Moltres! It seems to be a Legendary Bird Pokémon that flies about the world!



Even if I did forget to put on my shorts, get ready for me and my stoked Pokémon!
Wait, so I actually am wearing shorts?
If I forgot to put on my shorts, I'd be just an ordinary kid!
Pokémon battles are life. You're bashing our way of life!
The joy of victory...the agony of defeat...that's life.
Whether I win or lose, my life will go on. I'm not gonna mope around forever.
It's important for Pokémon to be cute and strong!
It's possible to lose when you're cute and strong? What's up with that?
We just need to get cuter and stronger!
Moves with high accuracy. Moves with high power... Hey! Allow me to experiment!
You've got to be able to read your opponent's thoughts in addition to the statistics of a move!
Do you know Professor Kukui? He's building up his body to take the full impact of Pokémon moves so he can check their power.






Alola?
Alola...
Alola!
Hey, hey! Come on out here, my Pokémon!
All right, everybody...back inside your Poké Balls...
Ah, it's so nice out!
Looks like you've got a Fishing Rod made by Lana!
If I only had a Fishing Rod made by Lana, I could win, too!
Lana put her soul into the Fishing Rod she made. Er, don't you think that the rod is Lana herself?



The reason I don't ride Lapras is because I can swim faster than Lapras.
Does swimming fast have nothing to do with winning or losing?!
I can't compete with the swimming speed of Sharpedo and Poliwrath!
Abs! Abs!
My Golduck and I were distracted by our surroundings...
If you go on a date at the beach, you can see your girl's swimsuit... That's what I was thinking, but my girl's been training the whole time.
You've got just one Pokémon? That will make it too tough for you to fight with us.
When I get in the ocean, I get pricked by Corsola or Pyukumuku!
Argh! It's 'cause Pyukumuku gets stuck to my behind.
Pokémon stick to me just like Shellder biting down on Slowbro's tail...
You've gotta have two Pokémon if you wanna battle us!
You're gonna fully experience my Water-based tactics!
Bubble, bubble, bubble... I sink and I dive...
My swim trunks are out of respect for Machamp!
Hee-hee, I'm not a mermaid. I'm a Pokémon Trainer in a bikini!
Oh! Stormy!
I just wanna dissolve away right here...just like Vaporeon...



I hate serious people, yo. I am serious about being a Team Skull Grunt, though!
Even if you work seriously, you won't always get results!
Hmph! Since you're serious...lemme give you a tip, yo. Yo, yo, ya don't stop. Even if you lose, ya don't stop!
I'm a grand Grunt. The Pokémon Carnivine is my fave.
Yep, I lost. I got crushed.
I'm a grand Grunt. Carnivine is my fave, but I don't have one.
No one has lost today. What a lovely, good day!
Aww, I lost... What a terrible, bad day...
Who can I take out the sadness of this loss on? Anyway, sadness for me and Team Skull.
Hunh? Everything around here seems like a Team Skull paradise.
I might really go to paradise now that I've lost!
Aaah! I wish I had taken the island challenge more seriously!
Surrounded by flowers... I'm...gorgeous...
Ahh! The flower I am has fallen.
Flowers and young women... our impermanence makes us gorgeous...
Do you know about super, strong Pokémon?
I said "super," but I meant something a little different.
The fluffy ones are really the super Pokémon!
Today is Pokémon day!
I'm fine 'cause I'm with Cleffa.
If I'm in a tough spot, Cleffa sends me to my house.
All right! Time for a commemorative photo! Just need you to lose for me, 'K?
What did I say... What...did I say...
I got overexcited by my journey! My bad, my bad. Eheh...
When I'm traveling, I just want to point out everything!
I disclosed everything... everything about my Pokémon!
I always get a little down when I get home. Maybe I can travel forever?
Listen up, Trainer. Battle is a Hiker's favorite.
Listen up, Trainer. A Hiker hates to lose.
Listen up, Trainer. A Hiker's most favorite are big and tough Pokémon! And next is a big helping of rice!
By battling a Collector, you'll be able to obtain info on rare Pokémon!
You got me! I'll tell you my treasured info.
I'm craning my neck, waiting to see if Meteorite Pokémon will fall. Yeah, just like Turtonator!












I'm an incomplete Grunt. This is the only place for me in the whole world!
This is a fitting outcome for me, incomplete as I am—the end!
The boss is a complete bully, but I'm an incomplete Grunt. Sometimes I want to smash the world, but I'm always afraid of it.
I'll stop you so Guzma will stay chill!
This is terrible, yo... The mansion is gonna get wrecked again!
Guzma... Even though he's so strong, he wasn't able to become a Captain!
An uninvited guest... Do you have an invitation?
I guess that attack was your alternative to an invitation!
No! I wish I had never come here! Probably because three passwords are needed instead of an invitation. And I lost the memos with the passwords somewhere in the mansion!
So sorry! As a stranger, you get a full course of my Pokémon's moves!
Your full course...it's got way too much seasoning!
I always make sweet pancakes or sweet Berry cakes, yo.
Hey! So you think peeking in people's rooms is in good taste?!
At least your Pokémon have good taste...
What does it mean to say "in good taste"? Is it like saying it's cosmopolitan? Is there such a thing as a cosmopolitan Pokémon?
Ooh, looking for a battle in a romantic spot, hmm?
I guess nobody likes Team Skull after all...
Even this dreamy balcony is surrounded by the town, so it's boring. Yo, check it! Surrounded by surroundings, it's so astounding! Ick! Never mind, that was terrible!
One, two, hit THREE sandbag. Four, five, we're ra-SIX-cals.
After 10 seconds, the bell rings, and it's a knockout, baby!
It's a pain to go all the way to the Pokémon Center, so I just sleep next to my Pokémon!
I'm just as good as the woman next to me!
I was just as good as the woman next to me, right? Right?
We're twins, so we're always being compared. So I'm sure you get my wanting to be just as good as her.
Oh? You don't have two Pokémon? In that case, we can't take you on.
I stack up to the one next to me!
I'm stronger than the one next to me, right? Right?
We're twins and she's the big sister, so we're always compared. So I'm sure you get my wanting to win.
Oh? You don't have two Pokémon? In that case, we can't take you on.






My Wimpod...it's actually too rowdy. Think you can calm it down?
What a super-rowdy Trainer!
Wimpod... I don't get stoked unless it rages to the point of running about...






I offer up my dancing in appreciation for receiving Berries.
I forgot to dance for victory...
Long ago, it seems that people related to the Tapu through dance.
Let's have a quick battle while gathering Berries together with our Pokémon!
Really, pardon me...
Berries keep for a long time. For we who travel the seas, they're the perfect ingredient.
Rare Trainer discovered! I must immediately make contact!
Do you have a sense for why you seem rare?
You weren't born in Alola. For some reason, that's what I think.
Does this area seem like a power spot to you?
Aah! My Pokémon didn't get infused with power!
The Pokémon enshrined at the Ruins... apparently they purify our impurities.
Ready, set, go!
Game, set!
Congratulations!
My Pokémon is tough as nails!
I'm deflated. I've lost all heart...
Fortunately, Crabominable is upbeat! It will restore my lost heart!
I've completed Trials and Grand Trials, now I aim for an even higher place!
Were the Trials you completed more densely packed than the ones I did?
I'm literally searching for a high place! I'm actually gonna go climb a tree.
I've assembled my team members from Pokémon that spring from the mountains.
Conflicts produce nothing, but from Pokémon battles springs a sense of mutual respect.
If a Hiker like me springs from the mountains, Swimmers could well spring from a wellspring!
I was a Rising Star who spent all my time in battle, and now I'm a Veteran!
I say I'm a Veteran, but the path of Pokémon runs steep!
If you keep cherishing your Pokémon, you can become a Veteran, too!
I'm not just an ordinary Sightseer!
Whoa! I've discovered a cluster of talent in the Alola region!
I'm a Sightseer battling to get stronger in the battle facilities of each region!
Surely you are able to battle with two Pokémon at the same time, aren't you?
We want even stronger rivals! My Pokémon and I both cry out for that!
Thank you for showing the strength I was looking for! I'm glad I came to Alola!
That's right... Battle Towers—and their like in distant regions—are the facilities I favor!
I came all the way to Alola, so I want you to show me two Pokémon!
I know a lot about Pokémon... I can use my knowledge in battle!
You know a lot about Pokémon. Amazingly, even more than I do!
Completion of the Pokédex is the basis of Pokémon research! You should collect a ton of Pokémon with Rotom!
What are Pokémon? Do you know?
Why was I unable to win? Thank you for giving me an assignment!
What are Pokémon? Everyone will have a different answer, but you can figure it out by thinking about it.
I'm a self-seeking Backpacker! I savor each day as it comes. I guess today will be a battle with you!
This is the taste of defeat... Perhaps it's delicious to savor!
It's good to be a Backpacker! You get to decide on your own all the things you do and don't want to do!
I battle every day. There's no one who can match me in that!
Darn! It's my fault that my Pokémon lose so often.
We're so strong because of marital disputes! Ahaha!
You want to fight us! You've gotta have two Pokémon.
Ohoho! We battle 50 times a day.
The shame from losing will rejuvenate me!
You might say that I raised my husband's Pokémon!
You want to fight with us, right? Then you've gotta have two Pokémon.
To be the strongest is an unfulfilled dream... but you must press on to get closer to it!
Whoa! Training! I haven't done enough training!
Even after the island challenge, I still want to strengthen myself! Trainers and Pokémon who feel that way gather at the Battle Tree!
To form a battery, my Pokémon and I battle constantly while synchronizing our breathing.
Whoa... You're legit!
Talonflame is the pitcher and I'm the catcher! You may wonder how it throws, but let's not talk of it!
Let's have a party. A rough-and-tumble Pokémon party!
Your attacks were effective! I felt them all the way to my heart!
The party is over! Let's have a party to celebrate that!
I'mma get fired up, naturally!
I got fired up and lost, naturally!
It's the fighting spirit, yo, the fighting spirit! Z-Power is fighting spirit, too, right?
We're aiming for the top, so be prepared for us to go all out!
You guys are the tops! I felt the strength in your heart!
If you're aiming for the top, you've got to test yourself against top opponents! The world is simple like that!
A strong Trainer can tell the strength of his or her opponent at a glance!
What amazing Pokémon! Truly, I must admit my defeat!
I like Pokémon so much, it actually pains me... So I let all of them shine in battle.



The way you guys trust each other! I want to see it all!
Nicely done! I dig it—Pokémon and Trainers who trust each other.
You can demonstrate your full strength by trusting each other!
The altar is just a little farther, so I can't let you pass easily. Show me everything you've got!
Whoa, you've got a lot... I have no choice but to admit defeat!
Go where you please! If you and your Pokémon give it everything you've got, there's no place you can't reach!
Trainers and Pokémon should be free! Freedom is good!
Good stuff! Be as free as you can be!
We can't decide what Pokémon are like! They are free!
Do trial-goers come all the way out here? What's the deal with the kids in Alola?
Alola is great! You and your Pokémon are great!
Ah! There are still so many undiscovered Pokémon in the world! When you finish the island challenge, you should travel the world!
The most dangerous spot in Alola. Allow me to test whether you can get past the Vast Poni Canyon!
Excellent! You guys should be able to reach the altar!
The Altar of Alola concentrates the power of the stars... That's what they say.
You need two Pokémon that can battle! That's our request to you.
Show me how serious you and your Pokémon are!
Wonderful! You and your Pokémon should absolutely head to the altar!
The Altar of Alola is a vessel that collects light... That's what they say.
You need two Pokémon that can battle! That's our request to you.
If you climb mountains, there's so much you need to know about them—the Pokémon that live there and the Trainers you'll meet!
I went to the top! And you're the tops! That's pretty similar!
Totem Pokémon seem to guard the favorite places of the Tapu—the guardian deities.
I like Pokémon! I like battling! I like using moves! And I love winning!
I lost! But my Pokémon that lost are adorable!
I hate losing! But falling to the bottom and then struggling to climb back up, I can't get enough of that!
I'll win! That's all there is to it.
I lost! That's all there was to it... Well, you guys are terrific.
The hearts of the Pokémon and Trainer overlap... They seek only victory! I want to reach that kind of mental state.
Anywhere for the sake of research! Just like my idol—Professor Birch.
The skills of Pokémon are needed when examining places here and there.
If you know Pokémon, you may be able to travel here and there without battling.
I confined myself to this cave to seek the secrets of battle. If it's all right with you, please battle my beloved Pokémon!
Attacking and defending, I guess it's all up to oneself.
Adjusting to one's opponent... Maintaining oneself... Both are wonderful! What's important is whether something is fitting to oneself.
My outward face is that of a Backpacker. What about my inward face...?
You guys are strong, so I could not steal a glorious victory.
I'm a treasure hunter looking for treasure! Have a whiff of this whole area. You can smell the aroma of treasure!
In this case, I'll ask you! What do you think a mountain is?
What strength! Just like a mountain!
A mountain is a concept! Something you must overcome is a mountain!
Intruder spotted! I'll fight with all I have to wipe you out!
What does this mean? What does this mean!
You may think yourselves strong, but Aether Paradise is huge!
I'll crush you to find out what you're made of! I bet it's a bunch of stuff, including money!
Oh! Prize money!
There are people with many different faces at Aether Paradise.
I wanna go back in time and tell myself to not battle you.
It's not bad to lose! It's bad to win against me!
I lost, I lost! I'll give you the money I have!
You don't have to ring the bell. If our eyes meet, I'll come.
Having to hand over my pocket money rather than getting a tip...
Recently, there have been cases of Pokémon staying by themselves...
The first step to surpassing Captain Mallow is to strengthen my Pokémon!
I lost! Let me have another!
Mallow's food is special. It grips your heart.
Alola, alola! Welcome, Trainer!
Hula, hula!
A lot of people come by holding Eggs, so cheer them on with dance!
I'm training together with the genius next to me in order to beat him!
Master! Sorry...
If you're strong, be just! I bow my head to my young partner!
If you only have one Pokémon that can fight, please come back later.
I was born a karate genius! I teach moves to my Pokémon.
I keep a smile even when my Pokémon and I lose! It reassures my Pokémon.
Hmm... I've got to further devote myself to my karate!
If you only have one Pokémon that can fight, I must ask you to leave.
When it comes to golf or Pokémon, it's all about the performance.
What a miss... My performance was absolutely terrible.
Just getting the ball in the hole... it's fun because it's so difficult!
The swing is all in the hips! I'll put my hips into it when I take you on!
Even if I can triumph over myself in golf, when it comes to triumphing over my opponent in a match...
Meowth looks for my golf ball when I lose it! It usually steals it, but...
I haven't had any cases, so I'm bored... How about a battle?
This is a case! ...Or not.
It's OK for a Police Officer to be weak because Alola is peaceful!
Clean, clean! The fighting style of Janitors is also clean!
Spotless!
The Pokémon move Recycle allows you to use an item you have already used!



Just like flexible bamboo, I'll evade your attacks!
I messed up my evasion! You and your Pokémon are way too awesome.
Just like flexible bamboo, I also evade work!
Are you aware of the awesomeness of being barefoot over the geothermally warmed ground?
Barefoot! The soles of my feet are hot!
It gets pretty warm if you're barefoot over the geothermally warmed ground!
Welcome to the secret beach! Let's have a battle to get acquainted!
Good work, good work. Here's my pocket money!
My pocket money...never mind how I fetch it. And never mind about items washing ashore every day.
C'mere! Let's do something good with our Pokémon.
Hey! The fun ends immediately if you're too strong.
Items wash up on the Secluded Shore... It's more fun to think of them as the handiwork of Pokémon rather than the tide's.
I want rare Pokémon! I'll go anywhere due to my tenacity.
You'd be surprised how little I fixate on victory.
My nature as a Collector gives me trouble. I can't travel to other islands until I've completed the Ula'ula Island Pokédex.
I'm doing research on the island challenge. I ask for your cooperation!
Despite taking damage, I was able to gather data!
Trainers on the island challenge are strong! My research is conclusive!
Argh! I can't help but want to battle when a Trainer is present!
Argh! No way I'd lose if this were about dancing.
Argh! Hee-hee, I can't stop dancing when I watch Oricorio!
I was watching the parabolic antenna, and I found a Trainer!
Wha-wha-wha-what!
I wonder if Pokémon can see microwaves transmitted between parabolic antennae.



I feel sorry for the Pokémon who have to be used by an intruder!
Hmph! Although you're an intruder, you seem to have a lot of skill!
Is it because you guys arrived? Paradise seems so showy!
I must fight to reassure the Pokémon in paradise!
That was regrettable... I guess it really is a must to have power!
What I heard was that we are to be on the lookout for people trying to steal Pokémon.
I was told to turn away Trainers, whomever they might be!
Hey! You're so strong that there's no way I can turn you away!
That Faba... He doesn't even try to fight by himself!
I sensed the strength that you possess as Champion.
Since you've become Champion, both you and your Pokémon have a certain level of polish.
I'm...I'm speechless! How did you do it again?!
This feeling of frustration that is swelling within me... I will use it to propel my growth!
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak...you know?
Battling against strong Trainers'll make you stronger, too. Slowly but surely!
Battling against strong Trainers'll make you stronger, too. Slowly but surely!
Battling against strong Trainers'll make you stronger, too. Slowly but surely!
I am training to properly form my desire for victory.
All I have to do is avoid making any more mistakes... After all, I have Silvally with me.
Th-this child has—!
If you want to see a rainbow, you've got to wait for it to stop raining.
Yes, yes...
You provide a dazzling battle.
There's no need for two suns in the sky.
...While there are times when there's a full moon, there are also times you can't see the moon at all.
Intense battle is a lot for my old body to bear...
Summer ice is much sought after, but no one even glances at winter ice.
I couldn't skillfully do what I learned from my grandma!
The bitterness of defeat...I must fully savor that as well.
Yes! It seems that you are once more victorious!
Luvdisc!
Corsola!
Well! You certainly reeled me in.
Sure enough, when it comes to you and Pokémon, the quality of the ingredients shines forth!
...I can't beat you if I keep my troubles to myself.




You again? How come I can't crush you?!

Congratulations! You cleared a little trial!
Congratulations! You cleared a little trial!
Z-comparison complete...
I'm the kahuna of Route 12... but I guess I didn't do enough autosuggestion...
The waves recede!
Blown away by the waterfall!
Oh, so it's like that?
The mystery is too deep!
Indeed...
Hmph. Looks like you got me.


I was exercising to aid digestion, but you came at me full-on!
Father...that was my best shot!
What is the meaning of this?!


D-d-ding!
I'll eventually be the strongest, and it'll be awesome... Nah.
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak... you know?
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak... you know?
It's hard to be strong enough to admit that you're weak... you know?




My Pokémon each gave it their best.


...!
You're a pretty big deal! Amazing that I could lose!
I lost! Will I repeat the year? Will I have to repeat another year?!
W-wow, you're something else!
Golden!
Ahh, refreshing!




All I have to do is avoid making any more mistakes... After all, I have Silvally with me.
All I have to do is avoid making any more mistakes... After all, I have Silvally with me.
The ridiculous power at the scene of a fire!
I lost. I was extinguished!
When Poliwhirl is on the ground, its sweat makes it slippery, so when you touch it, it feels slimy in a good way!
I'm confident in the training I've done with my Pokémon! Check it out!
Ahh! Did I not use enough Pokémon Refresh? Did I not use enough?
Practice is practice! In the end, you need the will to win.
If you really wanna see what we can do, you've gotta have two healthy Pokémon!
Testing out the results of one's training is of the utmost importance!
It's frustrating to lose in red rover!
You've got to go all out in training, too! 'Cause the tension is totally different in a real game.
If you really wanna see what we can do, you've gotta have two healthy Pokémon!



Me an' Stufful aren't messing around!
What?! But it's so fluffy!
Whoever yer against, "not messing around" means recognizing yer opponent.
Faith moves mountains!
My hopes were crushed!
Is faith needed to speed up one's techniques?
A weak Trainer blames losses on his or her Pokémon!
No way! It's cool with me, bad dude that I am, so let's go again!
I'm a Punk Guy! I'd be a punk to give up!
Hey! There's no way you can battle against us with just one Pokémon.
The weather in Alola is too nice, so you get why I wanna get rowdy, right?
Sooo bad!
Don't call me a Punk Girl. That makes it sound like I'm a bad kid!
Hey! We can't battle you if you've got just one Pokémon.
I'm an Office Worker! Or you could say I'm a business guy!
Hm? Are my partners business Pokémon?
I want to do business with Pokémon. For example, I could use the pincers of Crabrawler, which grow back constantly.
Oricorio and others come, lured by flower nectar.
An Office Worker standing in a meadow. That could be a painting...
The flower nectar is so delish that it makes Oricorio's form change.
I'd go anywhere to be extreme! Check out how us bad dudes do it.
Hmph! Ya may be strong, but there's nothing good or bad about ya!
I've gotta praise an opponent who has taken their favorite fighting style to the extreme!
I wanna beat you down! Come back with two healthy Pokémon.
All I can do is get psyched against an opponent I can't beat, even after I've trained myself up!
I can't do anything through my psyched 'tude. But I've gotta look cool!
Even if I know I can't win, I can't show my uncool side to my battling Pokémon, so I psych myself up.
I wanna get psyched up! Just show me two healthy Pokémon.

My stomach is infinite! That's irrelevant to the strength of my Pokémon!


My stomach is infinite! That's irrelevant to the strength of my Pokémon!


I... When I lose, I get disheartened and then I get hungry again.


I... When I lose, I get disheartened and then I get hungry again.

Whoa! I'm shocked at your strength!
It's extremely frustrating, but you're stronger than me!
The Pokémon and Trainer's feelings are stacked together... Try receiving the unleashed Z-Power!
The highness of caliber to triumph while reacting to the feelings of your opponent!
If Pokémon and Trainer boost each other up, the Z-Power unleashed will grow stronger, too!
Also known as the move department store! ...I say that, but Pokémon can only remember four moves at the same time.
Skarmory! Sharpedo!
Pokémon that can learn many different moves can, by doing so, deceive the opposing Trainer!
This is a battle that I'm not gonna lose!
This is a battle that I'm not gonna lose!
This is a battle that I'm not gonna lose!
Can you live on ideals alone? Can you get by on just high-sounding talk?
You guys are dazzling...horribly sparkling...
While competing with Team Skull to conserve Pokémon... some people become steeped in evil.
Adults face many complex circumstances, right? Children shouldn't meddle in their affairs.
The children of Alola who aim to be champion through the island challenge—they are not to be underestimated!
You all—you're a good combination. Don't betray your friends!
OK, seriously this time! This is a battle that I am not gonna lose!
OK, seriously this time! This is a battle that I am not gonna lose!
OK, seriously this time! This is a battle that I am not gonna lose!
I'll crush you, meddler with the Pokémon that were being protected by those serious guys! That's the best entertainment!
Ehh... Guess it's back to honest Pokémon conservation activities for me.
People in the Alola region treat Pokémon well, but it's better to make Pokémon fight!
Where there is light, there is shadow! But that's not it. Light generates shadow!
Losing to you...generated dark feelings in me!
Truly bad people do bad things sneakily.
Let's see, how do I undo this development?
What is this... Too severe!
I'll show you my sister who I'm super close to!
Oh! I've had it!
My Pokémon! Papa caught her for me when I was born! So she's always with me!
We call Malie Garden Nugget Garden! Beat us five Trainers and win a fabulous prize! Think you got what it takes?
Whoo! Good stuff!
I did my best. I have no regrets!
I'm second! Now it's serious!
How could I lose?
I did my best, so I've no regrets!
Here's No. 3! I won't be easy!
Ow! Stomped flat!
I did my best. I have no regrets!
I'm No. 4! Getting tired?
I lost, too!
I did my best, so I've no regrets!
OK! I'm No. 5! I'll stomp you!
Whoa! Too much!
I did my best. I have no regrets!
Arrgh! You are good!
Whoa! I'm shocked at your strength!
I guess I'm burned out after all...
That's fighting spirit!
Whee! Whee! It's a battle...a battle!
Why! I lost!
Hey, Trainer! What's "throw a ball with the Y Button" mean? What's it mean?



Preschooler pistons, full power!
Preschooler pistons, stop!
If the Preschooler pistons stop, Pokémon get them moving for me!
Welcome, trial-goer! Think you can handle the ordeal of defeating a Beauty?
Wow! I bet you can finish any Trial!
Rotom Dex! Cool, cool! Just touch Rotom, and it will teach you many things!
This result...what's up with that?!
My swelling feelings... they've fallen right to the bottom!
The waves of emotion swell... I'm so frustrated with losing that I wanna scream!
Run, run...run away... This is no rendezvous!
I couldn't get it done... Don't worry about it, my precious Pokémon...
Hunh! I can't even stand myself right now!
I'm gonna belt out everything inside of me! I've gotta encourage my Pokémon to keep rocking!
That Kukui...he discovered a great Trainer.
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
Even though I prepared my top moves without consulting with Professor Kukui!
The gloom that enfolds us like fog...we can't seem to shake it off.
Are we headed to the grave, yo? Will our bones be laid bare, yo?
There may be no winning or losing before true full power!
There may be no winning or losing before true full power!
There may be no winning or losing before true full power!
Hmph. There's nothing more to say.
Hmph. There's nothing more to say.
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!
I couldn't win even though I went all out... But what a refreshing feeling. Woo!

