Quite an appealing move.
A very appealing move, but after using this move, the user is more easily startled.
A move of huge appeal, but using it prevents the user from taking further contest moves.
An appealing move that can be used repeatedly without boring the audience.
Prevents the user from being startled one time this turn.
Prevents the user from being startled until the turn ends.
Startles the last Pokémon to act before the user.
Startles all of the Pokémon to act before the user.
Badly startles the last Pokémon to act before the user.
Badly startles all of the Pokémon to act before the user.
Makes audience expect little of other contestants.
Badly startles Pokémon that the audience has high expectations of.
Startles all other Pokémon. User cannot act in the next turn.
Badly startles Pokémon that used a move of the same type.
Makes the remaining Pokémon nervous.
Brings down the energy of any Pokémon that have already used a move this turn.
Works great if the user goes first this turn.
Works great if the user goes last this turn.
Shows off the Pokémon's appeal about as well as all the moves before it this turn.
Shows off the Pokémon's appeal about as well as the move used just before it.
Works better the later it is used in a turn.
Effectiveness varies depending on when it is used.
Works well if it is the same type as the move used by the last Pokémon.
Affected by how well the previous Pokémon's move went.
Gets the Pokémon pumped up. Helps prevent nervousness, too.
Works well if the user is pumped up.
Causes the user to move earlier on the next turn.
Causes the user to move later on the next turn.
Scrambles the order in which Pokémon will move on the next turn.
Excites the audience in any kind of contest.
Badly startles all Pokémon that successfully showed their appeal.
Works better the more excited the crowd is.
Temporarily stops the crowd from growing excited.
Excites the audience a lot if used first.
Excites the audience a lot if used last.
Makes the audience quickly grow bored when an appeal move has little effect.


















