<var>'s <var>
Current Rank:
FC Collected:
FC to the Next Rank:
<var>'s Records
Current FC:
Guests Interacted With:
Facilities Hosted:
Missions Participated In:

<var>'s Profile

<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
When You Meet Someone
When You Part with Someone
When You Are Moved
When You Are Disappointed
Your Secret


Your Festival Plaza's Name
---
<var>
Enable
Disable
Info
Battle Requests
Trade Requests
Attitude toward Missions
Communications with Guests
Communications with VIPs
Communications with Friends
Accept requests anytime
Not interested
Do it anytime
Please select an option for communications with friends.
Please select an option for communications with guests.
Please select an option for communications with VIPs.
Communications with VIPs have been enabled.
Communications with VIPs have been disabled.
Communications with guests have been enabled.
Communications with guests have been disabled.
Communications with friends have been enabled.
Communications with friends have been disabled.
Please select an option for battle requests.
You selected "Accept requests anytime" for battle requests.
You selected "Not interested" for battle requests.
Please select an option for trade requests.
You selected "Accept requests anytime" for trade requests.
You selected "Not interested" for trade requests.
Please select your attitude toward missions.
You selected "Do it anytime" as your attitude toward missions.
You selected "Not interested" as your attitude toward missions.
You selected "Not interested" for trade requests.
You can restrict communications with friends here. If you disable communications with friends, your information won't be sent to your friends. You won't receive your friends' information, either.
You won't appear in your friends' Festival Plazas. Also, none of your friends will appear in your Festival Plaza.
If you select "Accept requests anytime" for battle requests, the information will be released to your communication partners.
If you select "Accept requests anytime" for trade requests, the information will be released to your communication partners.
If you choose "Do it anytime" as your attitude toward missions, the information will be released to your communication partners.
You can restrict communications with VIPs here. If you disable communications with VIPs, your information won't be sent to people who registered you as one of their VIPs. You won't receive the information of people you registered as your VIPs, either.
You won't appear in Festival Plazas of people who registered you as one of their VIPs. Also, none of your VIPs will appear in your Festival Plaza.

You can restrict communications with guests here. If you disable communications with guests, your information won't be sent to people who registered you as one of their guests. You won't receive the information of people you registered as your guests, either.
You won't appear in Festival Plazas of people who registered you as one of their guests. Also, none of your guests will appear in your Festival Plaza.

In this profile page, you can check the status of your Festival Plaza and your records. The information you set here will be sent to other players via communication features.
Messages set here will be used in Festival Plaza and Wonder Trade. For communication settings, please check the information for each setting.
