<var>
l
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>:<var>
--:--
<var>
/
Poké Bean Crate
Number of Poké Beans:
Poké Bean Effects Last For:
<var>/<var>
???
<var>
There are no Pokémon.
None
Poké Beans You Receive
Poké Beans You Give
Confirm
Plant
Take Back
Summary
Play
Care
Develop Isles
Send out a Bean Bottle
Yes
No
Become the Pokémon's OT
Don't become the Pokémon's OT
Give the Pokémon a nickname
Don't give the Pokémon a nickname
Exchange Poké Beans
Stop
Raft Hut
Isle Abeens
Wild Pokémon Currently Visiting:
There are no wild Pokémon visiting.
Poké Bean Effects Last For:
Isle Aplenny
Berries You Are Growing
Berry Harvest:
Poké Bean Effects Last For:
Field 1
Field 2
Field 3
Berry Progress
Poké Beans Necessary for Development
Poké Beans You Use
You need
Soft Soil
You've planted a Berry here. It'll be quite a while until you can harvest the Berries.
Your Berry tree is growing, but it'll be a while until you can harvest Berries.
Your Berry tree is growing quite a bit. You'll be able to harvest Berries pretty soon.
Berries to plant in Field 1
Berries to plant in Field 2
Berries to plant in Field 3
Please select a Berry to plant.
You have no Berries to plant.
Your Berry is sprouting. It'll be quite a while until you can harvest Berries.
Your tree is bearing Berries. You can harvest them now!
Isle Aphun
Exploration Path
Explorers Return In:
Poké Bean Effects Last For:
Items Found While Exploring:
Isle Evelup
Pokémon Now Exercising:
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Playtime Ends In:
Poké Bean Effects Last For:
Isle Avue
Pokémon in the Hot Springs
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Poké Bean Effects Last For:
Play Sessions:

Play Time:
Completed:
Playtime Ends In:
The drink increases the Exp. Points!
The drink increases the base Attack stat!
The drink increases the base Defense stat!
The drink increases the base Sp. Atk stat!
The drink increases the base Sp. Def stat!
The drink increases the base Speed stat!
The drink increases the base HP!
Develop Isles
Paths to Explore
Drink Selection
Isle Abeens Development Phase 1
Isle Abeens Development Phase 2
Isle Abeens Development Phase 3
Isle Aplenny Development Phase 1
Isle Aplenny Development Phase 2
Isle Aplenny Development Phase 3
Isle Aphun Development Phase 1
Isle Aphun Development Phase 2
Isle Aphun Development Phase 3
Isle Evelup Development Phase 1
Isle Evelup Development Phase 2
Isle Evelup Development Phase 3
Isle Avue Development Phase 1
Isle Avue Development Phase 2
Isle Avue Development Phase 3
Develop this isle to create a recreation space for Pokémon.
Develop this isle to make the recreation space for Pokémon more comfortable. It increases the harvest of Poké Beans.
Complete the development of Isle Abeens. It increases the harvest of Poké Beans.
Develop this isle to create a space where Pokémon can enjoy growing Berries. Up to six Berries can be grown on this isle.
Develop this isle to create more space for Pokémon to grow Berries. Up to 12 Berries can be grown on this isle.
Complete the development of Isle Aplenny. Up to 18 Berries can be grown on this isle.
Develop this isle so your Pokémon can enjoy exploring a cave. They can find items in the cave.
Develop this isle so that your Pokémon can explore an even deeper part of the cave. Three paths will be available for exploring.
Complete the development of Isle Aphun. Four paths will be available for exploration.
Develop this isle to create a place where Pokémon can enjoy exercising. Up to six Pokémon can be invited to this isle.
Develop this isle so more Pokémon can exercise. Up to 12 Pokémon can be invited to this isle.
Complete the development of Isle Evelup. Up to 18 Pokémon can be invited to this isle.
Develop this isle to create a hot spring where Pokémon can relax. Up to six Pokémon can be invited to this isle.
Develop this isle so that more Pokémon can enjoy hot springs. Up to 12 Pokémon can be invited to this isle.
Complete the development of Isle Avue. Up to 18 Pokémon can be invited to this isle.
You need
Path for Odd-Shard Hunting!
Path for Brilliant-Stone Hunting!
Path for Rare-Treasure Hunting!
Path for Interesting-Item Hunting!
Your Pokémon will explore the entrance of the cave! They may find various shards.
Your Pokémon will explore deep into the cave. They may find strange stones.
Your Pokémon will explore deep into the underground. They may find rare treasures.
Your Pokémon will freely explore the cave. They may find interesting items.
Level Boost Drink
Attack Boost Drink
Defense Boost Drink
Sp. Atk Boost Drink
Sp. Def Boost Drink
Speed Boost Drink
HP Boost Drink
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases their Exp. Points.
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases the base Attack stat.
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases the base Defense stat.
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases the base Sp. Atk stat.
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases the base Sp. Def stat.
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases the base Speed stat.
A tropical drink prepared specially for Pokémon. It increases the base HP.
No Berries growing
No Pokémon exploring
No Pokémon playing
You haven't picked any path yet.
Pretty soon!





