Yes
No
Island Scan
QR Code Scan
<var>
<var>
Height
Weight
Location of a trace of this Pokémon
Melemele Island
Akala Island
Ula'ula Island
Poni Island
<var>
Time Remaining
<var>:<var>
Would you like to read the manual for the QR Scanner?
Starting up the outer camera(s)...
Please line up a QR Code within the square while pressing the R Button.
The energy for Island Scan ran out.
Searching for a QR Code...
Scanning failed. Please try again.
Analyzing the QR Code...
There may be a problem with the camera(s) of the system. The problem may be solved if you turn off the power to your system and turn it on again.
The QR Code analysis has been interrupted.
It's information about a Pokémon that lives in Alola! Your Pokédex information has been updated!
It's information about a Pokémon that lives in the Alola region!
It's information about a Pokémon that doesn't live in Alola.
This QR Code cannot be scanned.
This QR Code cannot be scanned with this system.
This QR Code cannot be scanned with Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon. Please try with another Pokémon game.
You've collected <var> points!
You've collected <var> points in total.

You've collected 100 points! You can use Island Scan.
You can't scan QR Code patterns because you currently don't have any scans remaining.
A Special QR Code has been scanned.
This QR Code cannot be scanned until you become a Champion.
This QR Code has already been scanned! Scan other QR Code patterns to collect points!
You have 100 points. You can use Island Scan!
The entire <var> is being scanned!
You can't use Island Scan because you don't have enough points. Scan QR Code patterns to collect points!

Search for this silhouetted Pokémon in the location where you picked up a trace of it!
You picked up a trace of a rare Pokémon!
There seem to be no rare Pokémon around here.
Use this QR Scanner to scan QR Code patterns, and you can get information about Pokémon! You get one QR Code scan every two hours and can save up to 10 scans.
You can collect points by scanning QR Code patterns. Once you collect 100 points, you can use Island Scan!
Using Island Scan, you can search each island of the Alola region and find rare Pokémon! When you pick up a trace of a Pokémon, go to the location immediately to catch it!
That is not all! Your Pokédex has QR Code patterns for Pokémon you've caught. Scan QR Code patterns on your friends' Pokédexes!


Starting up the outer camera(s)...
Please line up a QR Code within the square while pressing the R Button.
Searching for a QR Code...
Scanning the data...
This QR Code can't be scanned because it is corrupted.
The data has been scanned.
This QR Code is a Friendly Competition QR Code.
This QR Code is a Live Competition QR Code.
This QR Code is a Battle Team QR Code.
This QR Code is information about a Pokémon.
Please scan a Battle Team QR Code.
Please scan a Friendly Competition QR Code.
Please scan a Live Competition QR Code.
The QR Code cannot be scanned because the Game Sync ID is different.
The data failed to be scanned.
It cannot be scanned with this system.
This QR Code can't be analyzed with Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon. Please try it with another Pokémon game.
<var> Pts.
You have 100 points. You can use Island Scan!
<var>
Analyzed QR Code patterns:
Turning off the outer camera(s).
It's information about a Pokémon that lives in the Alola region! Your Pokédex information has been updated, and a special gift has been delivered! Please receive it from the deliveryman in the select antique shop, Antiquities of the Ages, located in the Shopping District in Hau'oli City.
It's information about a Pokémon that lives in the Alola region! A special gift has been delivered! Please receive it from the deliveryman in the select antique shop, Antiquities of the Ages, located in the Shopping District in Hau'oli City.
It's information about a Pokémon that lives in the Alola region!
A Wonder QR Code has been scanned.
An Alola Pokédex QR Code has been scanned!
Aether Paradise
Ultra Space
