Welcome to the Battle Tree. I'm the receptionist.
How can I help you?
What would you like to hear about?
You can enjoy various kinds of battles with many different Trainers here. You can choose either Single Battles, Double Battles, or Multi Battles. You'll be competing to see how many Trainers you can win your way through in a row. If you lose even once, your win streak will end there. You'll have to start over from zero, so please be careful. Each time you defeat a Trainer you'll receive Battle Points, or BP, that you can use to scout Trainers or exchange for prizes. The longer your win streak, the more BP you'll receive. Do your best to set an awesome record!
There are three important points you need to keep in mind to battle at the Battle Tree. First, battles at the Battle Tree are held under Flat Rules. Any Pokémon higher than level 50 will have their level lowered to 50. Second, you'll need a certain number of Pokémon for your battles. You'll need three for Single Battles, four for Double Battles, and for Multi Battles, each Trainer will need two. And the last thing, you can't use more than one of the same Pokémon or item in your battles. However, if your partner in a Multi Battle has the same Pokémon or item as you, that's not a problem.
We hope to see you again.
Which battle format do you want?
Your record currently stands at <var> winstraight wins, young masteriss <var>.
So you want to try the Single Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Single Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Double Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Double Battle challenge?
Please choose your Pokémon for the battle.
So you want to try the Multi Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Multi Battle challenge?
Do you want to communicate with another player and take this challenge together?
You and the other player have chosen different battle formats. Please discuss with the other player before you return.
Please choose a Trainer to serve as your partner.
All right. Let the consecutive Single Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Single Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Double Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Double Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Multi Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Multi Battle challenge begin.
Saving... Please wait.
Congratulations! You've spectacularly defeated a Battle Legend! Have some Battle Points to commemorate your accomplishment!
Congratulations! You've spectacularly defeated a real Battle Legend! Have some Battle Points to commemorate your accomplishment!
<var> received <var> BP!
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Single Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Double Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Multi Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Single Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Single Battles.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Double Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Double Battles.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Multi Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Multi Battles.
Allow me to give you a stamp for your glorious achievement of a 50-win streak!
Next is Battle No. <var>. Would you like to keep battling?
Next is Battle No. <var>, against a Battle Legend. Are you ready?
Would you like to put your challenge on hold?
The challenge was interrupted.
Communicating. Please stand by...
The current music is <var>. Which music would you like?
The music has been set.
Battle
Learn more
Quit
About the Battle Tree
Rules of battle

Single Battle
Super Single Battle
Double Battle
Super Double Battle


Multi Battle
Super Multi Battle
Continue battling
Save record
Take a break
♪ "Trainer"
♪ "Wild Pokémon"
♪ "Totem Pokémon"
♪ "Island Kahuna"
Change music

I'm keeping records in the Battle Tree. Do you want to see your results?
Which result do you want to see?
Current record: <var> straight wins Best record: <var> straight wins
Wireless communication is currently disabled. Please turn wireless communication on.

You can't battle together with this Trainer.
Scout
You need 10 BP to scout a Trainer!
You need 10 BP to scout a Trainer, is that OK?
You've scouted as many Trainers as you can! Who would you like to remove from your list?
OK, so you'll give up on scouting <var> <var>.
OK, so you'll scout <var> <var>.

Young masteriss <var>! Take this as a prize for your marvelous achievement of a <var> win streak!
And this, too!
Now that you've experienced victory against so many stalwart Trainers, it feels like you might be able to really nail a new battle style...
When you participate in a Multi Battle, you can select a Trainer who you've scouted after battling in Single Battles or Double Battles here at the Battle Tree to be your partner. You must defeat them before you can scout them, though. Keep in mind that you can't scout Battle Legends. Try to find a partner you like!
About scouting
♪ "My Friend Hau"
♪ "Gladion"
♪ "Team Skull"
♪ "Team Skull Admin"
♪ "Team Skull Boss"
♪ "Aether Foundation"
♪ "Lusamine, Version 1"
♪ "Lusamine, Version 2"
♪ "Enter the Ultra Beasts"
♪ "Elite Four"
♪ "League Title Defense"
♪ "Legendary Pokémon"
♪ "Battle Royal"
♪ "Guardian Deity"
♪ "Battle Tree Boss"
