It must be a very valuable book, so I'm not sure if I'll be able to take it out of the library...
Is this what you're looking for, Princess?
Give it a read!
O-oh. Of course...
Well... It's titled The Light of Alola. I'll just...um...read it aloud, shall I?
The empty sky broke asunder, a hole appearing where had been none. A single beast appeared from in it: it was called the beast that devours the sun. The king of Alola bowed before it: the beast that shone so like the sun. The island guardians fought against it, but in the end the beast had won. Then did the beast that devours the sun shine its light on the line of kings. Then did the beast that had won bring nature's gift to bless all things. Beast of sun and beast of moon. Through their union, they brought new life. A fragile heir in Alola born that island guardians would keep from strife. The ancient kings sang their thanks for Solgaleo with song of flute. Two tones rang out across the altar— a perfect pair, ever after mute.
The empty sky broke asunder, a hole appearing where had been none. A single beast appeared from in it: it was named the beast that calls the moon. The king of Alola bowed before it: the beast that stole all heavens' light. The island guardians fought against it, but in the end they lost the fight. Then did the beast that brings the dark cast its pall on the line of kings. So would the beast that had won mark the path for all such finished things. Beast of sun and beast of moon. Through their union, they brought new life. A fragile heir in Alola born that island guardians would keep from strife. The ancient kings sang their thanks for Lunala with song of flute. Two tones rang out across the altar— a perfect pair, ever after mute.
Isn't it great? My dad's books are all great!
What? I mean, yes, it is. But when you say your father... Isn't this book...very old?
Yeah, it belonged to my dad. I know I don't look it, but my family used to be pretty much royalty.
I had to have all my dad's books moved here so they didn't get ruined by the Pokémon.
I can tell you lots of other old stories about Alola, too! You interested?
Well...that would be wonderful! I would be delighted, if you did.
I think I'll stay here... But I know why you've come to Ula'ula. You'll be undergoing another trial, won't you, <var>? Good luck with it. I read that Ula'ula Island's Electric-type trial can only be reached by the bus on Route 10.
Oh! You're a trial-goer! You're just a few steps away from the trial at Mount Hokulani! Well, a few steps and a bus ride, that is. You can catch the bus from Route 10.
Oh! <var>! I didn't forget... You're here to clear the Ula'ula trials, right? Good luck!
Oh, <var>! Have you finished your next trial? I heard that there is a trial held on top of Mount Hokulani, of all places.
She's just like a real princess, don't you think? All frilly and sweet smelling...
