You were out like a light, weren't you? You ought to be full of energy by now!
So, <var>... are you pumped to meet some Alolan Pokémon?
Of course!
I guess...
Yeah, I am!
I don't know...
That's right! I want to hurry up and meet some, too!
Oh, you! Someday you're going to learn to have a little wonder in your life!
We're living in the Alola region now! The beautiful islands everyone wants to visit! I'm sure the Pokémon living in a place like this must be friendly, right?
Was that the doorbell? That's got to be Professor Kukui. Why don't you let him in, <var>?
Mrowr?
Hey there, <var>! The name's Kukui. Good to meet you, cousin!
You gotta be tired after that long trip all the way out here to Alola!
You feelin' any jet lag? We sure are a long way from Kanto out here in Alola. It's still daytime out here, yeah!
You feelin' any jet lag? We sure are a long way from Kanto out here in Alola. It's still nighttime out here, yeah!
Professor Kukui! Yes, we just arrived yesterday.
Hey there, mom! I just let myself in. Oh, and call me Kukui, would you? Welcome to Alola!
Of course. I still remember seeing you battle the Indigo Gym Leaders back in Kanto all those years ago, you know! I've been in love with Alolan Pokémon ever since, so I finally decided to come here myself!
Ha! I was supposed to be visiting there to research Kanto Pokémon moves and all. I thought I knew a thing or two about battling, but those Kanto Gym Leaders proved me wrong!
Hey now, <var>! Let's get a move on to the next town over, cousin! Time for you to meet the Island Kahuna and get yourself a Pokémon, yeah!

A Pokémon?!
Kahuna?
Yeah, sure. The kahuna who lives in Iki Town is always happy to give any kid who wants to have an adventure their first Pokémon, yeah. But don't try taking on the kahuna yourself! The kahunas are crazy-strong Pokémon Trainers. They're unbeatable for folks like me and you!
Sure, sure. The kahunas are crazy-strong Pokémon Trainers here in Alola, cousin! They're unbeatable for folks like me and you! And the kahuna who lives in Iki Town is always happy to give any kid who wants to have an adventure their first Pokémon, yeah.
They'll simply give my boygirl a Pokémon? Then those kahunas really are worth meeting!
Hurry and get ready, <var>! Your Bag and hat and things are still in the boxes in your room, I think. And didn't you leave your copy of Adventure Rules on your desk in there, too?
Ooh, I bet you've got a stylin' hat that'll match mine, yeah?












