Here they come!
You're from Team Skull. What is it that you want from us?
I heard about you numskulls at Aether. Do you really know a way to save our boy Guzma?!
We can make you talk, even if we have to cut you to the bone!
OK, so you cut me to the bone! Ouch!
Doesn't matter! We'll come after you with all our Pokémon at once then, li'l homeslice! We'll give 200 percent to save our boy Guzma!
I'm not giving up, even though you beat me! I'm part of Team Skull! We're thick as anything!
That's enough. No one wants to see a sore loser.
Hmmph. You, girlie... Lillie, right?
You really ready to do this finally?
To be honest, I've treated you really badly. Even if I was just doing the work the president told me to do, I shouldn't have done all that. Even if I apologize now, I know it's probably too late for you to forgive me, though.
See, Guzma... he really likes the president. She's the only adult who ever seemed to see how strong he was.
The president... My mother is— She's selfish. She lavishes her love only on those she deems worthy, not caring whether it is wanted or not.
But I will save her. I still have something I need to tell her. And I think I can save Guzma as well.
You know...deep down, you're kind of like the president. You've gone in a different direction, but I can tell you have the same strength in your convictions.
Bring Guzma back, if you can. I know you've got no reason to help... but no one can make up for what they've done if they're gone.
And you, <var>. Looks like you were special after all. You didn't just stand up to Team Skull. You even took on the darkness inside Aether. Looks like you're the real deal. The realest Pokémon Trainer I've seen around.
Take good care of our little princess here. This is my way of saying sorry, OK? Take it. It's Poisonium Z.
Oh yeah... you got your first stone directly from Tapu Koko, didn't you, <var>? You'd better take care of it. That's one special Z-Ring you've got there.
A Trainer is only a Trainer because of the Pokémon with them. If you ever forget that, you'll bring the wrath of the tapu down upon yourself. You should be fine, though.
I'm out of here.
I suppose even Team Skull is not all bad... Thanks for helping me again, <var>. And here, let me thank your team, too!
All right, <var>! Let's go to the altar! The Vast Poni Canyon lies ahead of us!
