Go on and choose how many of your Poké Beans you'd like to put into the Poké Bean crate.
The Pokémon will be delighted to see them!
There are still some Poké Beans from last time. Wait till they're all gone, then you can add more.
It's best to put some Poké Beans out when there are Pokémon around to enjoy them!
Did you want to do something?
You've already sent out one bottle today. The limit is just one a day! Fair's fair!
Then I'll put seven of your Plain Beans into a Bean Bottle and set it adrift. That OK with you?
You don't have the Poké Beans for that! But that's an easy enough problem to solve. Just pick some up on Isle Abeens!
Mm-hmm! There we go!
I've sent the Bean Bottle bobbing out in the sea! I hope it'll catch us some nice luck today!
I'm afraid you haven't got enough Pokémon in your Boxes yet for me to develop that isle.
Looks like you don't have enough Plain Beans yet for me to develop that isle, my boygirl!
Order received! Then I'll get straight to work!

Yeah, I think we could do that!
Decide how many of your rarer Poké Beans you'd like to exchange for Plain Beans.
You don't have space for so many Plain Beans!
I'm sorry but you don't have any of the special Poké Beans I'm looking for in a trade, my boygirl! If you find a Patterned Bean, then I can give you three Plain Beans for it. If you find a Rainbow Bean, I'll give you seven!
You don't have enough Plain Beans just now. You've got to put seven Plain Beans in a Bean Bottle to set it adrift. That's just manners! Why don't you go see if you can find any to pick up on Isle Abeens?
You obtained <var> Plain Beans!
Which Berry would you like to plant?
OK! I'm looking forward to that Berry harvest!
You don't have any Berries to plant.
You wouldn't want to plant any Berries if you've got no Pokémon about to help tend to them! Catch some more Pokémon and put them in your Boxes, that's a good boygirl!
Looks like your Pokémon found some treasure during their little adventure. Here you are!
Too bad. It looks like your Pokémon haven't uncovered any treasure so far.
Will you pick a path to explore?
OK! Then it's time to explore that cave! I wonder if they'll find any treasure, hm? Ho, I just can't wait to see!
You can't send anyone to explore the cave if you don't have any Pokémon on the isle! Catch some more Pokémon and put them in your Boxes if you'd like them to have an adventure!
Do you want to call your Pokémon back from the current expedition?
OK! Everybody back! We're calling it for this expedition! Just tap on the sign and let me know if you want to send your Pokémon out to explore again.
Looks like you don't have any Pokémon who are prepared to go out into that cave for you... You should put out some Poké Beans when your Pokémon are out exploring on your behalf!
You don't have any Pokémon out exploring now! You should put out some Poké Beans when your Pokémon are out exploring on your behalf!
Think you could clear out that treasure crate for me before we send any more Pokémon out on another adventure?
Choose the Pokémon that you'll send out to play on the play gym!
And what kind of drink would you like to make your Pokémon? Hydration is key!
How many play sessions should your Pokémon complete this time?
OK! Looks like we're ready to go! I bet your Pokémon will have a great time. Playing, getting stronger, and having a blast!
Looks like a real fun time is being had, I'd say!
Do you want to make your Pokémon quit in the middle of their play?
OK! Everybody back! Playtime is over for now! And just tap on the sign whenever you want to collect your Pokémon.
Did you come to collect your Pokémon?
I'll just want to check the play structures before we bring more Pokémon in to play. Sorry, but could you collect all of your Pokémon so I can give it a quick look-over?
OK! Looks good. All the equipment is in working condition! Just tap on the sign whenever you want to let some more of your Pokémon loose to play!
Your Boxes are full of Pokémon! Goodness gracious! If you want to collect your Pokémon, you'll need to make some space for them first.
You don't have any Pokémon out playing on the play equipment now. Why don't you start by inviting some Pokémon to come play here on the isle?
The play session has wrapped up, I'd say. Tuckered your Pokémon right out, we did! You should put out some Poké Beans while your Pokémon play so that they have a snack ready!
Choose the Pokémon you'd like to invite to relax in the hot spring!
I'll send <var> to your Box then.
This Egg looks ready to hatch at any moment! But your Boxes are full of Pokémon and there's simply no room for it! Think you could organize your Boxes a bit and free up a space for it?
This Egg looks ready to hatch at any moment!
I think this Egg's still got a little while to go before it'll be ready to hatch.
This Egg still looks like it's a quite a while away from hatching.
It's always a nice idea to put out Poké Beans in the crates after you invite Pokémon over.
Thank you, my boygirl! The Pokémon will be delighted, no doubt!
Thank you, my boygirl! The Pokémon will be delighted, no doubt! This will really help with the ol' motivation!
Thank you, my boygirl! The Pokémon will be delighted, no doubt! This will really help with the ol' motivation!
Thank you, my boygirl! The Pokémon will be delighted, no doubt! This'll make things even more fun than usual!
Thank you, my boygirl! The Pokémon will be delighted, no doubt! This should make things even more relaxing!
Wild Pokémon are more likely to appear now!
Berries will grow twice as fast now!
Pokémon will finish their explorations twice as fast now!
Pokémon will finish their play sessions twice as fast now!
Pokémon will relax even more now!
Would you like to take a closer look at <var>?
That wild <var> seems real pleased to have gotten some attention from you! You know, it looks like it might just settle down and decide to stay here! OK then! Why don't you give it a day and come see how it's feeling again tomorrow?
<var> seems to be enjoying itself!
<var> seems to be enjoying itself!
<var> has a Hardy Nature, huh?
<var> has a Lonely Nature, huh?
<var> has a Brave Nature, huh?
<var> has an Adamant Nature, huh?
<var> has a Naughty Nature, huh?
<var> has a Bold Nature, huh?
<var> has a Docile Nature, huh?
<var> has a Relaxed Nature, huh?
<var> has an Impish Nature, huh?
<var> has a Lax Nature, huh?
<var> has a Timid Nature, huh?
<var> has a Hasty Nature, huh?
<var> has a Serious Nature, huh?
<var> has a Jolly Nature, huh?
<var> has a Naive Nature, huh?
<var> has a Modest Nature, huh?
<var> has a Mild Nature, huh?
<var> has a Quiet Nature, huh?
<var> has a Bashful Nature, huh?
<var> has a Rash Nature, huh?
<var> has a Calm Nature, huh?
<var> has a Gentle Nature, huh?
<var> has a Sassy Nature, huh?
<var> has a Careful Nature, huh?
<var> has a Quirky Nature, huh?
<var> seems to be wanting to play with you, or my eyes are tricking me! Why don't you add it to your party sometime?
<var> seems to really love it at Poké Pelago!
<var> seems to really have a great love for Pokémon battles!
<var> seems to be wanting to have an adventure with you, if I'm not mistaken! Why don't you add it to your party sometime?
I saw <var> and <var> playing together very nicely. Very nicely indeed. Seems like the two of them are very close!




<var> brought you a Poké Bean!
You obtained a Plain Bean!
You obtained a Patterned Bean!
You obtained a Rainbow Bean!
<var> keeps looking curiously over at Isle Evelup. Why don't you invite it over there?
<var> keeps looking curiously over at Isle Avue. Why don't you invite it over there?
Oh? What's this? Looks like a wild Pokémon has wandered over to play on Poké Pelago! I'm sure it was the temptation of all those lovely Poké Beans that brought it running!
That wild <var> seems to have taken quite a liking to this place! It looks quite at home, in fact. I can't bear to chase it off when it's so happy. Why don't you let it join your team?
I understand. It's a shame, but it's up to you. If you change your mind, though, let me know!
Your Boxes are just overflowing with Pokémon! Make some space in either your Boxes or your team, then come talk to me.
Oh, that's great to hear! You take good care of that <var>!




<var> is doing its level best tending to the field!
<var> seems to like helping out other Pokémon!
<var> seems to be great at protecting the Berries from Bug Pokémon!
<var> seems very particular when it comes to how to plant Berries!
When <var> is trying to protect the Berries from Bug Pokémon, it sometimes ends up wreaking havoc on the field instead!
<var> keeps on trying all the Berries! The cheek of that one!
<var> seems to like watering the Berry plants!
<var> seems to like gazing out over the growing Berry field!
<var> seems to be great at driving off Bug Pokémon before they ruin the crop.
I've caught that <var> nibbling away at the Berry crop sometimes!
<var> always adds a lot of fertilizer to the soil!
<var> is really great at mixing the fertilizer into the soil!
<var> is a dab hand at pulling up weeds from the fields!
<var> seems quite fond of tending to the fields!
<var> keeps on trying all the Berries!
<var> always scrimps on fertilizer for the field!
<var> plants Berries very nicely!
<var> pulls out all the stops when it is tending to the fields!
<var> is always pulling up weeds when I'm not even looking!
<var> sometimes seems to simply forget about fertilizing the field!
<var> seems to like tilling the field!
<var> is always very careful and diligent with the watering!
<var> seems to think that it's the best of any Pokémon when it comes to watering!
<var> plants the Berries very neatly!
<var> sometimes seems to sneak a bite of a Berry when no one is looking!
<var> is looking good!
If I had to judge <var>'s level... I'd say it's gone up about <var>!
If I had to judge <var>'s level... I'd say it's gone up about <var>! I don't think it could really get any higher!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think its level can go any higher!
<var>'s base HP has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say.
<var>'s base HP has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say. I don't think it can get any higher than that!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think you're going to be able to raise its base HP any higher than this!
<var>'s base Attack stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say.
<var>'s base Attack stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say. I don't think it can get any higher than that!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think you're going to be able to raise its base Attack stat any higher than this!
<var>'s base Defense stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say.
<var>'s base Defense stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say. I don't think it can get any higher than that!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think you're going to be able to raise its base Defense stat any higher than this!
<var>'s base Sp. Atk stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say.
<var>'s base Sp. Atk stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say. I don't think it can get any higher than that!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think you're going to be able to raise its base Sp. Atk stat any higher than this!
<var>'s base Sp. Def stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say.
<var>'s base Sp. Def stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say. I don't think it can get any higher than that!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think you're going to be able to raise its base Sp. Def stat any higher than this!
<var>'s base Speed stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say.
<var>'s base Speed stat has been raised up by about <var>, I'd say. I don't think it can get any higher than that!
<var> is looking good! But I don't think you're going to be able to raise its base Speed stat any higher than this!
<var> looks quite fond of Isle Avue.
<var> seems pretty relaxed!
<var> looks mighty relaxed!
<var> seems so relaxed that it would be impossible to be any more relaxed!
<var> looked like it had taken all the heat that it can handle! But it seems to have perked up now that it's seen your face, hmm?










Welcome! You've come to Poké Pelago! These uninhabited islands exist solely for the delight of Pokémon. But I suppose I should introduce myself, eh? Ha ha, how rude of me! You can call me Mohn! I'm in charge of keeping Poké Pelago running.
And you are...<var>, right? OK! Then let's get things started!
The Pokémon that you've deposited in your PC Boxes can freely come here to Poké Pelago to have a bit of fun whenever they want. Right now we only have one small isle available for them to play on, but if you'll help me out, that won't be true for very long! So here's what you need to do first. Would you pick up the Poké Beans that have fallen to the ground around the island?
Pokémon love Poké Beans. They're delicious and nutritious! And they can also sprout into Poké Beanstalks, like that one in the middle of the island. The one you just picked up is a Plain Bean. There are also rare Poké Beans called Patterned Beans and even Rainbow Beans! I love hands-on learning. Don't you agree? So why don't you give that Poké Beanstalk a good shake and see what happens?
Shake the beanstalk to drop some Poké Beans! Pick up the Poké Beans to add to your stores! OK, now you've got it! See! Isn't it better to learn by doing? You can collect Poké Beans once a day or so. If no new Poké Beans come tumbling down, then wait a day and then try again!
Put some of the Poké Beans you collect into the Poké Bean crate on the island, would you? Then they'll be handy for any hungry Pokémon wandering around the island to eat anytime!
Yup! That's a Poké Bean crate right there! You can drop Poké Beans in there, and the Pokémon will love you for it. Especially here on Isle Abeens. Leaving Poké Beans in the crate here can even tempt wild Pokémon to come by for a gander and some fun.
Oh, yes! One more thing! The rarer kinds of Poké Beans will have their effects last longer. You might want to remember that fact! But as long as you fill the crate up, then you'll probably be A-OK. Don't you worry! And if you ever want to talk to me about things, no need to feel shy. Just zip right over to my raft hut!
Wonderful to see you again! I'm delighted to welcome you to my raft hut! This has been my own private castle ever since that fateful day when I decided to turn these uninhabited islands into a resort for Pokémon. I built this place myself and it's not too shabby, if I dare say so myself. I have everything I could need here to keep Poké Pelago up and running.
So, <var>! I've got a favor to ask of a promising Trainer like yourself. Poké Pelago only features one small island at the moment, as you've seen. If you were to liken it to a Pokémon, it would be a Lv. 1 babe just hatched from its Egg! So I'd like you and your Pokémon to put some effort into developing the islands here!
Developing the isles here basically means breaking ground on new isles or improving the facilities on isles you already have started on. We'll borrow the strength of the Pokémon you have in your Boxes to do the work. Oh, and we'll need some Plain Beans! Don't forget those! No one can work well on an empty stomach!
OK! That's it from me right now. But come see me in my Raft Hut anytime that you want some help developing isles!
Mohn here! I keep things running here at Poké Pelago.
The Isle Abeens renovations are complete!
The Isle Abeens renovations are complete! It's perfect now! I can't imagine any way to improve it further!
The Isle Aplenny renovations are complete!
The Isle Aplenny renovations are complete!
The Isle Aplenny renovations are complete! It's perfect now! I can't imagine any way to improve it further!
The Isle Aphun renovations are complete!
The Isle Aphun renovations are complete!
The Isle Aphun renovations are complete! It's perfect now! I can't imagine any way to improve it further!
The Isle Evelup renovations are complete!
The Isle Evelup renovations are complete!
The Isle Evelup renovations are complete! It's perfect now! I can't imagine any way to improve it further!
The Isle Avue renovations are complete!
The Isle Avue renovations are complete!
The Isle Avue renovations are complete! It's perfect now! I can't imagine any way to improve it further!
The Poké Beanstalk has gotten larger, so you can probably get more Poké Beans from it now! I bet more wild Pokémon will come by, enticed by its offerings. The Pokémon all look quite eager! Keep up the hard work!
That Poké Beanstalk is truly formidable. I'll bet you get even more Poké Beans now! And even more wild Pokémon coming by to play and to marvel at it, too! Your Pokémon look eager to check it out, too. Thanks for helping improve Poké Pelago!
OK! What do you think? This is Isle Aplenny! I used that nice flat bit of land there to make a field where you can plant your Berries. Now your Pokémon can enjoy tending to Berry trees and harvesting Berries here!
Thanks to your Pokémon's hard work, we've been able to expand the Berry fields! Now you can grow up to 12 different types of Berries at a time. It should also be easier to water the seedlings now, so I bet your harvest might increase, too! Your Pokémon look delighted with the new field. Keep up the hard work!
Now Isle Aplenny is completely covered with Berry fields! You can plant and grow up to 18 different types of Berries now. And it's even easier to water the seedlings, so I bet your harvest will increase more, too! Thanks for helping Poké Pelago grow!
OK! What do you think? This is Isle Aphun! There's a big cave on this island, so now your Pokémon can explore it and have adventures.
We've excavated further and made some new paths through the cave! Your Pokémon might be able to find some rare stones if they explore the new path. They look pretty pumped up for an adventure! Keep up the hard work!
The paths through the cave have increased! Now your Pokémon can explore deep into the island's underground! They might find some real treasures in there! I'd say your Pokémon look thrilled to explore! Thanks again for helping develop Poké Pelago!
OK! What do you say? This is Isle Evelup! There are logs and things to climb, and a nice sandy area to play in and exercise with. Now your Pokémon can help themselves to grow stronger while they have fun!
We have some new play structures for your Pokémon to play on! Now you can invite up to 12 of your Pokémon here to play at a time. I bet your Pokémon will be delighted! Keep up the hard work!
We've used the driftwood that was buried in the beach to make even more equipment! You can now have up to 18 Pokémon playing on the equipment here at one time. I'm sure your Pokémon will be delighted! Thanks for all your help developing Poké Pelago!
OK! What do you think? This is Isle Avue! I've used the warm water that wells up beneath this island here to make a hot spring bath! Your Pokémon will be able to relax and get real cozy here.
We added another hot spring bath to the isle! Now you can have up to 12 Pokémon enter the baths at once. And the fountain that provides the water is also bigger, so I bet your Pokémon will be able to relax even better in the abundant water. Your Pokémon are looking pretty cozy to me! Keep up the hard work!
Now all of Isle Avue has been converted to hot spring baths! You can have up to 18 Pokémon in the baths at once now. The fountain where the water flows from looks quite magnificent now, and your Pokémon will be feeling relaxed in no time, I'd say! Your Pokémon are looking pretty cozy to me! Thanks for helping develop Poké Pelago!
That's right! If you want to plant some Berries, tap the sign and let me know! Your Pokémon are looking pretty happy. Keep up the good work!
That's right! If you want your Pokémon to explore one of the cave's paths, tap the sign and let me know! And if they find anything while they explore, I'll have them leave it in that treasure crate that's in the middle of the island. Your Pokémon look thrilled to get out there! Keep up the good work!
That's right! Check out the sign there and you can decide which Pokémon you want to invite to play here at Isle Evelup! I've also prepared some special drinks for the Pokémon playing here at Isle Evelup. Just a little treat from me for the hard workers! And you should choose a drink you'd like to share with your Pokémon when you're deciding who you want to call out to play. Your Pokémon will be delighted! Keep up the good work!
That's right! Check out the sign there and you can let me know which Pokémon you'll send over to relax here at Isle Avue! Your Pokémon will be perfectly at home here! Keep up the good work!
Welcome! You've come to Poké Pelago! These uninhabited islands exist solely for the delight of Pokémon. Hmm? Hold the phone! You don't seem to have any Pokémon in your PC Boxes, now do you? Poké Pelago is a resort designed to entertain the Pokémon you deposit in your PC Boxes. Why don't you put some Pokémon in your Boxes and then come visit us again?
Looks like you've got more than 30 Pokémon in your PC Boxes now! You'll be needing more Poké Beans then. I guess I've got to work harder, too!
Looks like you've got more than 90 Pokémon in your PC Boxes now! You'll be needing a lot of Poké Beans then! I guess I've got to work harder, too!
Looks like you've got more than 150 Pokémon in your PC Boxes now! You'll be needing whole piles of Poké Beans! I guess I've got to work harder, too!
Oh? Your Boxes are beginning to look a bit lonely with so few Pokémon in them now. I'd love to see a good 30 or so Pokémon tucked safely away in them!
Oh? Your Boxes are beginning to look a bit lonely with so few Pokémon in them now. I'd love to see a good 90 or so Pokémon tucked safely away in them!
Oh? Your Boxes are beginning to look a bit lonely with so few Pokémon in them now. I'd love to see a good 150 or so Pokémon tucked safely away in them!
Welcome! You've come to Poké Pelago! These uninhabited islands exist solely for the delight of Pokémon you've deposited in your PC Boxes. Hmm? Hold the phone! You don't seem to have any Pokémon in your PC Boxes, now do you? Why don't you go catch a bunch of Pokémon and put some in your PC Boxes before you come visit us again?
You've got everything you need to develop an isle for Poké Pelago! Did you know that? Stop by my Raft Hut and check it out!
<var>! We've done it! Poké Pelago has been fully developed into its final, perfect form! And it's all thanks to you, <var>! Thank you so much! I know this isn't much, but I hope that you'll take it as an expression of my gratitude!
You obtained 10 Rainbow Beans!
I hope you'll continue to use Poké Pelago to great effect with your Pokémon!
Oh! This'll be your first Bean Bottle, won't it? Yes, a Bean Bottle is just what it sounds like: a bottle that has Poké Beans in it. Bean Bottles sometimes wash up to onto the shore here at these isles. They must have been set adrift by someone else out in this wide world, which is connected all over by the great oceans! People set these bottles adrift hoping that they might bring some happiness to the person who finds one! It's a pretty romantic idea, isn't it? And that's A-OK in my book!
If you bring happiness to someone else, then maybe something good will happen to you, too! That's why it never hurts to do something nice like setting a Bean Bottle adrift in the ocean. But you can only send out one Bean Bottle per day, I'm afraid. Happiness that can be bought cheaply might end up inviting unhappiness instead!
Poké Beans can come in special varieties called Patterned Beans and Rainbow Beans. You can sometimes find these rare Poké Beans on Isle Abeens, if you're lucky. They are absolutely delicious, so your Pokémon will be delighted if you feed one to them!
In fact...I'll let you in on a little secret. Patterned Beans and Rainbow Beans are in fact some of my favorite foods, as well! They have delightful flavor and just the right amount of chew. Once I start eating them, I can't stop myself! ... ... ... Hey now, please don't look at me like that... I've been working here managing Poké Pelago for a very long time and it's a really tough habit to break!
OK! So let's trade some beans!

So you'll help me! Thank you, thank you. And now that we have that settled... OK then! There are five isles total that you can develop here at Poké Pelago! Each one will require you to have a different number of Pokémon in your Boxes and Plain Beans in your coffers!
Check what it says that you need to develop each isle in its summary, OK? OK then! If that's all clear, you just tell me which isle you'd like to develop next!
Anyway, you don't need to worry yourself about my diet. This is all you need to know: I'll give you three Plain Beans for each Patterned Bean you offer me. And seven Plain Beans for each Rainbow Bean! So what do you say to a little trade?
Looks like there's no more space to plant any Berries in that field! Why don't you harvest some of your ripe Berries and free up a little space to plant in?
We've done it! It's the perfect Poké Pelago I've always dreamed of! You've done it! OK! This is fantastic! And it's all thanks to you, <var>! Thank you so much! Poké Pelago now belongs to you and your Pokémon, I'd say! I hope you'll continue to use it to great effect!
It looks like it's going to be a good long while until this Egg hatches.
Looks to me like you have plenty of Plain Beans. Let's trade when your stores have gone down.
You've come at just the right time! This Egg looks ready to hatch at any moment!
You should add some Poké Beans after you've planted a few Berries first!
The Bean Bottle was sent adrift out to sea!
Do you want to leave Poké Pelago?
OK! Then come back soon!
Looks like you should be able to develop the Isle Abeens now! I'll be waiting for you in the Raft Hut!
Looks like you should be able to develop the Isle Aplenny now! I'll be waiting for you in the Raft Hut!
Looks like you should be able to develop the Isle Aphun now! I'll be waiting for you in the Raft Hut!
Looks like you should be able to develop the Isle Evelup now! I'll be waiting for you in the Raft Hut!
Looks like you should be able to develop the Isle Avue now! I'll be waiting for you in the Raft Hut!
<var> went into a Poké Ball!


