Yah! Hoo! Hee! Hyah!
Huhn?
Oh. It's you, <var>.
What are you doing?
What was that all about?
This is my fire dance training.
This is my torch staff. When I'm actually performing fire dances, I'll light it on fire.
Whenever I have free time, I practice my dance as much as I can. It takes a lot of repetition to get good at it...just like Pokémon battles.
Oh, look at the time!
Sorry, I know you just got here, but I have to go to the Thrifty Megamart. If you need to talk to me, come meet me there.
I see...
Kiawe, I'm really terribly sorry about this, but I've thought long and hard about this decision. If it comes down to people who are counting on this job to make a living, and you...
It's all right. I know how hard you've worked to open this location after the guardian deity destroyed the previous one in anger. I understand, boss.
Kiawe... I've given you as much as I can afford. Spend your final paycheck wisely.
Thank you very much.
I hope your dream of studying dance abroad comes true someday. I have to keep working hard here to make my dreams for the Thrifty Megamart come true.
It's OK, boss. You can head back in now.
Thank you. I'll be seeing you.
How could this happen...?
Oh, it's you, <var>.
If you don't mind, I'd like to battle you, <var>.
Of course
Just a minute
I see... I'll be waiting for you here, then.
I don't feel like dancing by myself right now...
So strong... I should've known. You did clear my trial, after all. By the way, did you overhear what we were just talking about?
What are you talking about?
Yeah, kind of...
You're too considerate, <var>.
Yes, of course you did...
My dream is to become a professional fire dancer. I've been saving up forever to go study dance abroad. But I was just laid off from my part-time job. It seems like nothing ever goes right...
Sorry. I didn't mean to trouble you with my problems, <var>. You're so easy to talk to, though. I feel much better after talking with you. Thank you for being there. I'll be going then. Until we meet again, <var>!
The way that Kiawe looked in that battle seems to linger in your mind...
