
An Alolan Picture Book Wherein a Pikachu, Pyukumuku, and Slowpoke prepare to set out on an island challenge—but the preparations themselves are so fun and exhausting that they never leave home!
On How to Heal Your Pokémon When your Pokémon are injured or suffering from some status condition, either get them to a Pokémon Center or use the appropriate medicines on them!
On How to Trigger Abilities Method 1: An Ability may be triggered when the Pokémon appears in a battle, and its effects will then continue as long as that Pokémon remains in the battle. Method 2: An Ability may be triggered when the Pokémon takes an attack from an opponent. Method 3: An Ability may be triggered when the Pokémon is not in a Pokémon battle.
On the Origins of the Alola Region The islands of Alola were given form when underwater volcanoes erupted long, long ago. Pokémon came to live in Alola when they flew, swam, or were carried on the wind to the isles.
On the Number of Pokémon Moves As of this writing, scholars in this field have identified more than 600 distinct moves that can be used by Pokémon in battle. Yet each Pokémon is only able to remember a maximum of four moves at a time. To learn a fifth move, it must forget one of the other moves that it knows. Additionally, it must be noted that there are also many different ways through which Pokémon are able to learn moves. There is still much for us to learn about the relationship of Pokémon and their moves.
On the Classification of Pokémon Moves Pokémon moves can be divided into three broad categories: physical moves, special moves, and of course status moves. PHYSICAL MOVES Moves that attack an opponent, dealing damage based upon the Attack stat of the Pokémon using the move and the Defense stat of the Pokémon on the receiving side. SPECIAL MOVES Moves that attack an opponent, dealing damage based upon the Sp. Attack stat of the Pokémon using the move and the Sp. Defense stat of the Pokémon on the receiving side. STATUS MOVES Moves that have effects other than directly attacking another target in battle.
