If you want to know about the weather, you're in the right place! This is the Weather Class!
But you're a Pokémon Trainer, aren't you? Then how about a quiz that takes weather into the arena of Pokémon battles? It will take a bit longer doing it like this, but I'll give you a reward if you can keep up!
It looks like you have what it takes. Then tell me, my good Trainer... Which item would you have a Pokémon hold if you want Rain Dance to last a long time?
That's it! Correct! If a Pokémon holding a Damp Rock uses Rain Dance, the rain will keep falling for eight turns! But I'm not beaten yet! Next question!
Oooh, that's a shame... The correct answer was the Damp Rock. If a Pokémon holding a Damp Rock uses Rain Dance, the rain will keep falling for eight turns. But I suppose everyone makes mistakes... Let's move on to the next question!
Which item would you have a Pokémon hold if you want Hail to last a long time?
That's it! Correct! If a Pokémon holding an Icy Rock uses Hail, the hail will keep falling for eight whole turns! But I've still got some HP in me! Next question!
Oooh, that's a shame... The correct answer was the Icy Rock. If a Pokémon holding an Icy Rock uses Hail, the hail will keep on falling for eight turns. But I suppose everyone makes mistakes... Let's move on to the next question!
Which item would you have a Pokémon hold if you want sunshine that goes on for ages?
That's it! Correct! If a Pokémon holding a Heat Rock uses Sunny Day, the sun will shine forth for eight turns! But I'm still in this match! Next question!
Oooh, that's a shame... The correct answer was the Heat Rock. If a Pokémon holding a Heat Rock uses Sunny Day, the sun will shine forth for eight turns. But I suppose everyone makes mistakes... Let's move on to the next question!
Which item would you have a Pokémon hold if you want a sandstorm to last a long time?
That's it! Correct! If a Pokémon holding a Smooth Rock uses Sandstorm, the storm will rage for eight turns!
Oooh, that's a shame... The correct answer was the Smooth Rock. If a Pokémon holding a Smooth Rock uses Sandstorm, the storm will rage for eight turns!
The most important part of any education is putting it to work in the real world. It's not enough to understand it in your head. You've got to know it in your bones! That's why I'll give you this set of rocks I've collected for your own use.
There are lots of ways to use the weather to your advantage in battles, so give it a try. Like you could use rain to power up your Water-type moves or to weaken the Fire-type moves someone might use against you. Or you could call a sandstorm to deal damage every turn to any Pokémon that isn't a Rock, Ground, or Steel type.
An Icy Rock
A Smooth Rock
A Heat Rock
A Damp Rock
