Welcome, come right in! Table for one today?
Yes, please!
No, I'm not eating
At our place, we offer a daily special that we call our Z-sets. I recommend them! Any of our Z-sets are just $1,040. What do you say? Will you give one a try?
I'll take the meat Z-set
I'll take the fish Z-set
I'll take the vegetarian Z-set
I'll take the special Z-set
I've changed my mind
Then come again sometime soon!
Order up! Turf Z-set for one!
Order up! Surf Z-set for one!
Order up! Veg Z-set for one!
This set uses quite a lot of local Alolan ingredients. It's a rather unique flavor that may not be to everyone's tastes, but you're OK with that?
Sounds good!
Maybe not
Order up! Local Z-set for one!
Hi, can I get a table?
Of course! Come in, come in. We're always happy to see you, Miss Olivia!
Oh! Well, if it isn't little <var>! Well, as long as we're both here, why don't we sit together, hm? And I'll have whatever she is having.
Then I'll show you to your seat.
Here you are!
*munch munch munch* Mm, fantastic. The pasta is al dente and firm... and the meat sauce goes beautifully with it. The fried eggs have nice runny yolks that mix into the pasta for even more flavor!
*munch munch munch* Mm, fantastic. The coating is airy and crispy...and the fish is warm and flaky and light as a dream! And the spicy, chunky soup is so good that you can't seem to stop spooning it up!
*munch munch munch* Mm, fantastic. The slightly sweet dressing really draws out the rich taste of the vegetables. Each dish contains nothing but vegetables, yet it is so filling that you are fit to burst!
This right here! This is it! I may live on my own, but sometimes even I need that familiar taste of home cooking. Dig in, <var>, before it gets cold!
*munch munch munch* Ugh! What is this? The thick soup is sour, and the fish fillet is full of little bones! The patty is too moist and leaves sticky juices dripping down your chin... And whatever the mysterious grayish thing is on the side, it doesn't taste of anything...
It was delicious!
Ugh... It's no good... You can't eat another bite...
Ah... That was delicious. Maybe it's about time I find someone to cook for myself, huh? Oh! But look at your plate, <var>! You've barely touched a thing! Local flavors not your thing?
That will be $1,040 exactly then!
And this is a special little after-meal service for our customers!
Thank you very much for dining with us! We hope you'll come again soon!
This one's on me. I like to see a boygirl with a good appetite. Here, take these freebie Heart Scales they're giving away.
See you around, <var>. I do love a boygirl with a good appetite!
I'm sorry, but you don't have enough. All of our set offerings cost $1,040 here.
...Welcome. Thanks for coming. What can we to offer you?
I'm here to eat!
Nothing
Then I will show you the menu. Please to choose from these items. Each item costs you $4,000. You tell me which one you want.
Z-Kaiseki: Ninja Set
Z-Kaiseki: Samurai Set
Z-Kaiseki: Geisha Set
Z-Kaiseki: Ronin Set
Nothing
Come back sometime then.
We'll make you the Ninja set, OK.
We'll make you the Samurai set, OK.
We'll make you the Geisha set, OK.
This one is for food lovers. Not many young boygirls like it. You sure?
It'll be fine!
Yeah, maybe not...
...We'll make you the Ronin set, OK.
...You open?
Oh. Master Nanu. Thank you for your coming.
<var>, huh? I'm buying, so come join me and eat. Hey, Sensei. Bring me my usual.
OK, I'll bring the food.
Here is the Z-Kaiseki. Sorry to interrupt.
*chew chew chew* ...Mm! Delicious! The grilled teriyaki is full of flavor and has just the right amount of oil. Fantastic! The pickled vegetables are well seasoned and provide the perfect refresher between bites.
*chew chew chew* ...Mm! Delicious! The mixed vegetables seem to melt in your mouth when you bite into them. Each of the little musubi has a different topping, and it's fun to pop each into your mouth!
*chew chew chew* ...Mm! Delicious! The paper-thin slices of meat are paired with a delightful fruit-based culinary foam. The rich soup is full of herbs and mashed fish, vegetables, and more intriguing flavors.
You done? Sorry for talking with my mouth full like that. Heh...
*chew chew chew* ...Mm! It's...it's delicious! The table is lined with small dishes of white rice, miso soup, and pickled vegetables. Each dish fully brings out the taste of every ingredient. They are simple, but astounding!
It was delicious!
It was delicious! You've never had anything better in your life!
... ... ... Mm. Mm-hmm. Good, right?
Thank you for your payment.
This is our free gift to patrons. Please take it.
Please. You come again.
Here. I've got no need for this nonsense.
See ya, kid.
Is your wallet all right? You should look in it. Our meals cost $4,000 each. You have that?
Welcome, welcome! Table for one, yeah?
Yes, please!
No thanks
All right! Here's a menu for you. We've got a special deal on now for our younger customers. Anyone under 20 eats for $500!
Normal Z-Noodles
Large Z-Noodles
Extra-Large Z-Noodles
Zumongous Z-Noodles
Never mind
We hope you'll come visit again sometime!
Order in! One regular bird's nest, on the double!
Order in! One bird's nest, and make it a big boy!
Order in! We've got one Wailord lunch, on the double!
The zumongous?! You sure about that, pal?
I'll be fine!
Naw, never mind...
O-order in! Nest of the tubby tapu! Soigné, if you please!
I am famished!
Oh! If it ain't our little Hapu! Thanks for stopping by again today!
Ah, and here is <var>! A meeting by chance is preordained. We shall dine together! Chief! The usual for me and my friend <var> here.
We've got life in the dining room! VIP, coming through!
Here you are! Fresh outta the kitchen! The dish is hot, so watch your hands.
*slurp slurp* Mm! It's delicious! The clear soup has a light, refreshing taste but also a certain richness to it. The thin noodles are slippery, but they have just the right amount of chewiness, too!
*slurp slurp* Mm! It's delicious! The noodles and the vegetables are balanced and portioned perfectly. It's pretty filling... but the taste is so enticing that it feels like you could keep eating bowl after bowl!
*slurp slurp* Mm! It's delicious! There are plenty of noodles and condiments. It's more than enough to fill your stomach! If you get tired of the flavor before you get to the end, you just sprinkle on some of the spices that came with it and it's a whole new soup! But one bowl is more than enough to satisfy your appetite for today!
And here it is! When I am too busy working our fields to get a proper meal in, I always depend on the good folks here to help keep me fed. You sure end up with a mighty appetite after a pleasant bit of work!
*slurp slurp* Ugh... You feel fit to burst! It's simply too much! There is so much in the bowl that you can't even lift it off the table! No matter how much you eat, the noodles and the vegetables don't seem to be decreasing... but your stomach feels ready to explode at any minute!
It was delicious!
It's no good... You can't take another bite...
Phew... That hits the spot! And with just a little extra space to spare, too. It is not good to overeat, you know. That is why I like the portions here so well. Hm? What is the matter, <var>? Do not tell me that you do not mean to finish? What a waste!
The total is $500 and... Yes, thank you for your full payment! Thanks again for choosing to dine with us! Y'all come back now, you hear?
Here's a little something special for you.
Thanks again for choosing to dine with us! Y'all come back now, you hear?
I sell them our vegetables wholesale, so they let me eat for free. So let me treat you today. Have these, too.
Well then. I would say it is time we both got back to work.
Make sure you've got enough scratch to pay for a meal before you order one, pal! If you're under 20, a meal will cost you just $500, but you gotta at least have that much!
Hold up! You've got to order before you go upstairs, if you please!
