We have been waiting for you, <var>.
<var>, thank you for coming.
I'd like to thank you first for all of your hard work containing the UBs. On behalf of the entire foundation, I would like to offer you our most sincere thanks. With this, all the UBs that appeared from the Ultra Wormhole, which opened in the earlier incident, have been caught.
Oh no, we're the ones who should be thanking you, I think... We could not have done it without the use of the Beast Balls that you provided for us.
They are negative assets of the foundation... I am happy to see them put to some good use. I hardly know how I can thank the two of you...
The three of us
Don't forget Looker
Yes, Mr. Looker also did a great deal to help us with this mission.
But I thought that he left before us. What is taking him so long to get here? I know that I told him that we would meet here. Could something have happened?
Taihen da!
R-really, Mr. Looker! Even after all this time...
I'm sorry! I know it's a terrible habit, but I can't help it! And more importantly...it's a disaster!
I would imagine it must be. What happened that made you so late?
I was on the way here when I stopped by Melemele Island to get some of their famous and delicious malasada as a gift for you all...
But just when I had finished my purchase, I chanced to look up at the sky and there...
there it was!
A mysterious black...something was zipping across the bright blue sky over Alola!
It was black and yet it was shining somehow! It was...it was like it was refracting light!
It might have been a UB! No, I'm certain of it! It surely was a UB!
But it couldn't be... We haven't had any word from HQ about there being more UBs!
Please rest easy. I do not think it was a UB. We have a hundred of our foundation members working in parallel with the International Police investigation and scouring Alola for UBs. We have not detected any UBs other than the ones that you already contained for us.
So you see? We should be quite safe now.
I...I suppose... Perhaps I was just dazzled by the brilliant, shining sky that stretches over Alola...
And it is little wonder if you were dazzled. You all have been working so very hard. You must be very tired, Mr. Looker.
W-well...yes, I suppose I could do with a nice little break...
And now you can have it. I received a message from HQ saying that our paid leave has been approved.
Paid leave?! You mean...actual vacation time?!
They say we are free to do whatever we would like until we get our next orders from HQ. I hope you will also use this chance to relax for a little while, Mr. Looker.
I think that I will stay here and have a good look around the Alola region. Not for work this time, but just as a regular tourist doing some sightseeing.
Then I think that I will go and eat my fill of delicious Alolan cooking! There are simply too many restaurants and eateries that I wish to visit! And the traditional dishes at Sushi High Roller are absolutely sublime!
Sushi...High Roller?
Oh no! I completely forgot! I was supposed to be meeting someone!
What's this?! A date?!
N-no! Not a date! I am meeting with Mr. Nanu! We owe him quite a bit for all his help!
Yes...I suppose we do.
So if you will excuse me... <var>, everyone... I'm afraid I must be going.
But I really do thank you all. I hope we will all meet again someday!
Yes, my young <var>... I also owe you my thanks. It was because of your efforts that we were able to keep the chief safe until the end. The folks at HQ thought that you needed to be paid for your work, so they sent this. Take it.
And now...I think that it's time I went. I'll be staying at the motel on Melemele Island, though, so feel free to stop by anytime.
