It's about time for them to start appearing...
Tally-ho! Hey, friend! Isn't this beach just the best? That's what you'd think, right?
But you'd be dead wrong if you did! This beach has a dark secret behind it... Do you know this beach's true form? The one it takes on in the dark of night?
Hah! So you do know! You can't really know this beach if you only see it during the day. Oh no, you can't!
We make sure that people can enjoy the beach! And that Pokémon can live in peace! And you can help us do both at once, with one fantastic part-time job! What do you say?
Fine, fine. I won't force you or anything. I can try to keep chucking 'em all myself...
Oh! Thanks a mil', pal! This job really wears a person out, you know? Can you wait around here until they start appearing? Should be any moment now...
You see? They gather quick as anything and bury themselves in the sand of the beach. If we leave them like that, the tourists end up stepping on them as they flock to the beach. So every night we chuck 'em back into the sea so they get back home safe.
You watching? So the most important thing is that you grab 'em good...
then spin around real good before letting go to chuck 'em right back into the sea!
Kinda like the hammer throw, you know? Do your best!
Chuck all the Pyukumuku that're on the beach back into the sea! I'll reward you for your hard work if you do!
Now they won't have to get all dried out on the beach. Mm-hmm! We do this every night, so come back again anytime you want to help!
Phew... I'm beat! Chucking all these Pyukumuku by myself is enough to leave me dizzy!
Pyuk! Pyuku!
You spun around 10 times and then flung the Pyukumuku back into the sea!
Looks like that last one you chucked really was the last one on the beach.
Thanks, friend! Chucking all these critters by myself leaves me dizzy as I can take! And here's your reward for helping.
Once they've come to like a place, those Pyukumuku will just keep on coming back to it. So we end up having to do this every single night. Come help again anytime you feel like it!
You gonna give up without finishing the job?
