Hey! HEY! What are you doing?! Get your clodhoppers off my floor! I just finished cleaning there! Ay me! What a world!
And today's the day that they hold the Alola Riding Rodeo right here in the mall, too! The whole place was covered with Pokémon's... Well, you know! You know what I mean! Don't make me say it!
I'm so sorry...
Sorry, pal...
That's not gonna cut it, bustermissy! Not even close! You're helping me clean this mess up again!
OK, I'll help...
No way!
You—! But that's—! Ohhh, you little fiend! Take a good hard look at yourself in the mirror, and I think you'll know what you have to do!
That's right, you will! Any decent person would do the same! Nothing like that useless grandson of mine... You know how to show respect to your elders!
Let's get you started then! First off, you'd better meet this sweetheart!
Griiime...
Sweet little Grimey the Grimer! She's a real gourmand. Loves to eat. And the thing she loves to eat is garbage! We're partners in this line of work, so you give her a nice warm hello!
Grrr-iiime! ♪
See that? Grimey is real interested in you! Hmm. You do change your clothes every day, don't you? And bathe? And brush your teeth? I guess that doesn't matter right now, though. Let me explain what I'm expecting of you.
You've got to make my floors spotless again! Collect all of the Pokémon...er...trash that you tracked all over my clean floor and then bring it here to my sweet Grimey! She'll take care of the rest!
What? You say you don't see anything? Don't think you're getting out of this so easy! You've got to get your mind in the game! Really fill your heart with the sanitation spirit! We reject all dirt! We won't allow trash! Chant that a few times, then look at this floor!
I think you've got it now, haven't you? Then get started!
You closed your eyes and focused all your emotion on dirt and trash...
You can see all the trash around you now!
Then go, young soldier, in the battle against dirt! Destroy every last speck of hateful trash!
There is still more filth to be cleaned! Dash about and find all the dirty garbage! Bring them here to good old Grimey!
You picked up a little trash from a Pokémon!
You picked up some Pokémon trash!
You picked up a bit of garbage from a Pokémon!
You picked up a big surprise from a Pokémon!
You picked up a huge piece of Pokémon trash!
You picked up a great big piece of Pokémon garbage!
You can't carry any more on you.
You gave the waste to Grimey!
Griiime!
Grime grime! ♪
Grimey shoveled the waste in delightedly!
No running out on me now! You're going to pick up every last bit of waste!
Griiime. ♪ Griiime. ♪
OK! That's enough! You've knocked out every last bit of waste on the floor, and Grimey is getting stuffed!
Griiime! ♪
Well done. Very well done! Even you could eat off this floor now! I think I'll name you a Rising Janitor! And I'll give you this to go with that title.
That TM there contains Round. Having a delightful song in your heart will help you get through even the hardest jobs. Consider it reimbursement for your help today. You earned it.
Griiime! ♪
I mean, you are the one who made the mess in the first place, but...still! You were a real help. Grimey also took a real shine to you. Maybe you'll come help us again someday!




I can't take any more...
I'm on it!
Hrmmmmm. Looks like I've got no choice! Our battle is not done here, but I suppose I'll have to let you take a little break!
My stink sense is telling me that there is still waste to be found...in <var> more spots! Battle on, young warrior! Defeat that foul waste!
OK, break time is over, right? Then let's take up arms once more! Our war on waste continues!
