The tall grass is like a treasure trove, full of all kinds of Pokémon just waiting to be found!

My little brother is always coming home covered in mud, just like his Pokémon... The two of 'em are more alike than he and I are!
What mysterious creatures... Pokémon sometimes leap right out of the grass to help people in trouble, did you know?
Just having Pokémon at your side makes you feel all warm inside, doesn't it? Eating dinner together, playing together, enjoying spending time together... It's pure happiness!
On sunny days like this, I like to just wander around following the wind. Don't you?


Um... I don't really like to see Pokémon battles where Pokémon can get hurt...but I'll watch for you.
Whether you win or lose is all up to the moves you choose to use! Oh yeah!
Please give my grandson a fine battle.


It's important to save your memories! You can save them by jotting them down so that you don't forget what you've done.
Little Hau is a sweet one, eh? Nothing like his fearsome granddad, Hala!
Both sides' Pokémon will give it their all!
Congratulations on clearing your trial in the Verdant Cavern. Good work. I suppose you are here to battle the kahuna? You think you and <var> are ready for me, <var>?
Are you here to battle the kahuna? <var>! <var>!
Definitely!
Please wait
I have been waiting for this!
I will. But come speak with me as soon as you are ready.
That Tauros of Hala's... It sure enjoys its freedom, I'll say that much! Well, every Pokémon does have its own Nature, after all. I suppose that explains it.


Pew!

The island kahuna? Trust me—you'll know the kahuna when you see the kahuna.
The moves a Pokémon uses are filled with their Trainer's desire to win, you know?
So you've also become a Pokémon Trainer now... Haven't you, <var>? A Trainer who fights together with Pokémon...
Pew!
I'm so excited for this battle that I think I might seriously explode!
Hoo!
Mrar.
Bwark?
Tapu Koko just loves Pokémon battles. Watching them and having them!
I ate every last bite of my Alola yakisoba!
If you treat your Pokémon wrong, the guardian deity will strike you down with lightning! But the children all laugh when I tell them that.
Didja know? When a Rockruff really likes you, it rubs against you with the stones on its neck! But...it does kinda hurt...
Ruff ruff!
Kahuna Hala is the strongest Pokémon Trainer on all of Melemele! But...I guess he must be off helping someone train right now. I don't see him anywhere...
