Welcome to the Pokémon Center Café! The time in Alola is now <var> o'clock. Here in our café space, we provide a moment of peace to our customers.
Please come visit us again soon!
What can I get started for you today?
Lemonade
Tapu Cocoa
Moomoo Milk
Pinap Juice
Roserade Tea
Komala Coffee
A <var> will be $<var>. Will that be all right?
This is our café's original blend, made with plenty of freshly picked Alolan Berries. Its intensely sweet flavor will linger on pleasantly for hours.
Just one sip and you'll be hooked. This milk is so mellow, yet rich, that it'll make you wish your mother were a Miltank.
Please enjoy the harmonious tones of sweet and sour that can only be performed by Pinap grown under the Alolan sun.
We've mixed up all different kinds of Berries to make this special Lemonade! The refreshing sweetness of it might just swallow you!
Moomoo Milk! Gulping it down will bring a smile to your face and your heart!
This highly aromatic tea is made with extracts from Roserade's favorite leaves. When you drink it, you may find yourself wanting to Petal Dance.
Never mind
When your adventures have tired you out, it's time to relax with a hot cup of Tapu Cocoa. You'll love it iced, too.
Pinap Berries don't deal well with wind or cold. Here in the Alola region, however, they can grow to their full potential under the Alolan sun. Meaning they're really delicious.
Enjoy this mellow tea made from the Pokémon Roserade's favorite leaves which we have fermented.
This Lemonade is made artisanally by hand, so it must be better than what you get out of a vending machine. It is, right?
Chocolate cream... Tapu Cocoa is so good it'll make you completely forget about counting calories! Maybe I'll stop worrying about my blood sugar level and have some, too.
Don't you think sour juice makes your body feel great? Of course it's just a feeling, but I guarantee the taste.
Such a rich and mellow flavor... Tapu Cocoa makes you feel so warm inside, it's as if the tapu are watching over you.
You try to stay cool when you taste the spiciness, and you try to act strong when the sourness hits you. Try gulping down a glass of Pinap Juice like that!
Coffee from Alola is famous all over the world. Even the timid Pokémon Granbull, with its scary face, can't help but smile when it drinks some.
Drinking Tapu Cocoa improves your circulation, allowing you to feel more relaxed. Mixing in a little salt is also quite nice.
We've pressed the skins of Pinap Berries, freshly picked on Akala, to make this juice. I ate all the flesh myself! It was crazy spicy!
The bitterness comes pouring out... Just one sip could knock you out like the Pokémon Komala.
This Moomoo Milk is made with milk I just collected. Allow it to roll gently across your tongue as you drink it.
When you peel a Pinap Berry, it'll make your fingers tingle. But I guarantee this juice is even better than the Berry Juice that Shuckle make!
I became an apprentice to a mysterious barista and, after many struggles, I am finally allowed to brew some coffee. What I have brewed is this mythical Komala Coffee.
We've crushed all kinds of Berries and mixed them all up! Huzzah for you, who ordered this special Lemonade!
It's good to gulp down fresh Moomoo Milk.
When you taste Roserade Tea, you'll first notice a Sweet Scent filling your nose. Drink it while it's hot, before you miss out on the fullness of its aroma!
Here in the Alola region we can harvest many Berries, so we use over 50 kinds of Berries to make this. But I'm actually too lazy to use so many, so I just throw in about 47.
This Tapu Cocoa is our specialty here. By the way, did you know the English word "taboo" may have its origins here in Alola? But I'm actually too lazy to check whether that's true or not, though.
You can get Moomoo Milk from Miltank. This is just between you and me, but there's a Gym Leader named Whitney in Goldenrod City with a Miltank. I heard that you can get some real tip-top Moomoo Milk from her Miltank. But I'm actually too lazy to check whether that's true or not, though.
This is the finest Tapu Cocoa I have ever made in my life. Please savor it. Of course I will continue to work hard to surpass even this Tapu Cocoa.
In the old days Moomoo Milk was regarded as a highly nutritious medicine. If you drink two cups a day, other than the occasional tummy ache, you'll be the picture of health!
In the old days Moomoo Milk was regarded as a highly nutritious medicine. If you drink two cups a day, other than the occasional tummy ache, you'll be the picture of health!
I'll be able to brew and offer you the finest coffee only if I continue Pokémon battling and surpass my master, a mysterious barista.
By using Berries that have become almost too ripe to eat, our Lemonade here has a depth like none other. We're quite proud of just how sour it is.
We had to battle Roserade to gather all the leaves for this tea. Enjoy it to your heart's content. If you don't, my grandson who gathered the leaves will never find peace.
We blend beans that we import from a distant region. In other words, you can experience not just one novel flavor but several! It might not actually be correct to call this Komala Coffee.
Got it! Then if you'll just give me a moment...
Here you are! One <var> just for you!
I'm sorry, but it looks like you don't quite have enough this time. But I really do appreciate how much you love our drinks, and I thank you for stopping by!
Here you are. This will make you feel better.
Here you are. This will clear your head.
Here you are. This will wake you up.
All the cool kids headed for their trial at Brooklet Hill are drinking Tapu Cocoa. Against Water-type Pokémon, Grass types and Electric types can attack efficiently.
All the cool kids headed for their trial at Brooklet Hill are drinking Moomoo Milk. Against Water-type Pokémon, Grass types and Electric types can attack efficiently.
All the cool kids headed for their trial at Brooklet Hill are drinking Pinap Juice. Against Water-type Pokémon, Grass types and Electric types can attack efficiently.
This is the best Moomoo Milk in all of Alola! I won't bother you with all the details of everything it took to get it here to you, but try to imagine while you're drinking it. By the way, if you don't finish it all, can I have the rest?
I brew very strong Roserade Tea because if it was weak, you wouldn't get the stimulation you want no matter how many cups you drink of it. If you want to make it weaker, add Moomoo Milk little by little.
If you're feeling comatose, it's time for a Komala Coffee. The flavor's still a work in progress, though. The water we get up here on the mountain is cold, so it's hard to get the flavor right.
Did you know the "-ade" part of Lemonade originally comes from the Kalos region?
This Tapu Cocoa has been prepared with plenty of Moomoo Milk to give it the richest flavor possible.
Drinking Roserade Tea up here near the stars... Isn't the thought of it delicious?
This is a popular snack in Lumiose City in the Kalos region.
This candy bar is a specialty from Mahogany Town in the Johto region.
This ice cream is a specialty from Castelia City in the Unova region.
This is authentic food from Eterna City in the Sinnoh region.
This snack is a specialty of Shalour City in the Kalos region.
These cookies are a specialty from Lavaridge Town in the Hoenn region.
This chocolate is just ridiculously sweet.
You're limited to one per day, but have a tea biscuit on us.
We'd like to offer your Pokémon something on the house.
Poké Beans are a specialty in Alola, and Pokémon love to eat them! Feed them to your Pokémon in Pokémon Refresh, and they'll become more affectionate!
By the way, do you give your Pokémon nicknames? You know, no one can change those names besides the Trainer who gave them to the Pokémon. If you trade a Pokémon away, it will always keep the nickname you gave it. You better think long and hard about what nicknames to give your Pokémon.
By the way, are you saving your progress? It can be kind of a pain to save your progress sometimes. It is important, though, so do try to save often.
By the way, are you going to Festival Plaza? You can connect with other Trainers anytime! There's an exclamation symbol that lets you know when events are going on, too.
By the way, are you going to the Poké Pelago? My Pokémon are spending their days on an island far away from me. I hope they're having a good time out there...
By the way, are you using the Poké Finder? It lets you capture all your unforgettable moments. It's so lovely that you can save all your precious memories forever.
By the way, are you using Pokémon Refresh? When I catch new Pokémon, I make sure to take really good care of them. It bothers me when they get dirty in battles. I spend all my downtime taking care of them.
By the way, are you riding Stoutland? You can find all kinds of stuff when you're riding that Pokémon. I get so into it when I ride Stoutland that I completely lose track of time.
By the way, are you watching Battle Videos? I like battling, so I'm hooked on taking and watching videos. I've stayed up all night doing it and been late to work here before!
By the way, are you checking out your Trainer Passport? I get a bit wistful when I look at all the stamps I've gotten in mine. I guess I'm just the sentimental type.
By the way, are you using Quick Link? When you've got too many friends around, you might not know who you'll connect with. You really can connect quickly, though, so it's still really convenient.
By the way, are you visiting the Pokémon Nursery? When you drop off a male Pokémon and a female Pokémon who get along well there for a while, apparently sometimes you'll find an Egg.
By the way, are you gathering Poké Beans? People give them to Pokémon or roast them and use them as coffee beans. That's a foodstuff that has a long history here in Alola. Apparently the Poké Beans you can get from Mohn's Poké Pelago are the best these days.
When you get to be my age, it really makes you think about things. They say time is money, but time itself is actually really important. I mean, you can never buy more time for yourself with money, right? The present is truly a present. Once it's gone, you can never get it back.
The reason I run a café is because everybody's always rushing around and busy these days. I hope people can come here and relax, even if it's just for a little while.
These days you can easily communicate with people all over the world. Keep in mind that there are time differences in the world, though. What I mean to say is that it isn't necessarily the same time for you and whatever Trainer you're communicating with. Depending on what time you're trying to communicate with other Trainers, you might find it easier to connect to Trainers from a certain country.
Once time has passed you by, it will never come back. And no one is selling more time anywhere, either. That's what makes time so important for all of us. When you're late for an appointment, it's like you're stealing the other person's time. I was often late for dates with my wife, so she used to give me an earful!
Time is the same for everyone. Whether you're outside playing or laying around sleeping, time just keeps on flowing. How you spend it is up to you. Remember that time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Vehicles sure are convenient. You can get to where you're going a whole lot faster than if you had to walk everywhere. So by convenient, I mean that they'll save you a lot of time.
Each day the sun rises, filling the world with light. Each of us grows big and strong, bathing in its light so bright. Each night the moon rises and quietly shines down. Each of us wrapped in peaceful silence, not one heart with a frown. I wrote that poem myself. We take for granted that the sun and the moon keep shining down on us, but we shouldn't forget to be grateful.
Long ago, months were decided by the moon, and days by the sun. The sun and the moon have always been essential for our way of life.
The little planet we live on revolves around the sun... And the moon revolves around our planet... Hey, have you ever stopped to think about what it is your life revolves around?
By the way, are you using Festival Plaza? You can connect with someone anytime and spend some time together. Don't you think all the things you can do at Festival Plaza are miraculous?
You can have Pokémon battles with your friends or with people you don't know. Battles can get so hot that you completely lose track of time.
Those who keep moving have more time than those who don't move at all. That's not some kind of riddle, it's scientific fact. Once I learned that, I started to more carefully consider how I spend my time.
You got some Poké Beans!
Oh, you've given your Pokémon <var> Poké Beans.
Poké Beans make Pokémon happy. I think I'll give you a present!
Try giving your Pokémon some Poké Beans when your island challenge gets rough.
