






So, <var>, I'm leaving this Rotom Dex in your hands! Rotom, you look after <var>, yeah?
So that's the Rotom Dex, eh? It's kinda cute.
All right, there are some important things you need to know about the island challenge.
The island challenge is your chance to become the strongest Trainer around—the island challenge champion. Woo! It's a great adventure for you and your Pokémon to go on together!
There are four main islands that make up Alola, and a kahuna for each one of them. If you wish to be recognized by the kahunas as worthy, it's said you must clear seven trials.
<var>! I want you and <var> to get out there and give it a shot! You were able to fully use your Pokémon's moves in your very first battle. I think you must have a talent for drawing out Pokémon's strengths, yeah.
Then yeah, I'll do it!
Um...I'm not really sure...
Come on! You've gotta do it!
You did just come to Alola, yeah, so I guess it's hard for you to relate to our customs, huh?
But as someone who's dedicated my life to studying Pokémon moves, I really want to see you out there meeting all kinds of Pokémon on your island challenge. C'mon and give it a shot, cousin!
Oh yeah! As someone who's dedicated my life to studying Pokémon moves, I really want to see you out there meeting all kinds of Pokémon on your island challenge!
Here! Everybody on the island challenge gets one of these island challenge amulets.
I got one from my gramps, too!
All right then, <var>! You too, Hau! Get a move on!
OK!
What?
To the Trainers' School!
You've gotta learn the basics of being a Pokémon Trainer through Pokémon battling. It's a long road to becoming the island challenge champion, and the Trainers' School is the first step!
What about you, Hau?
I'm good. I just wanna play with my Pokémon! I mean, uh, train with them. Right!
The island challenge... So this is how the people of Alola connect with the world around them.
And the way that you connected so quickly with <var> and Rotom, too, even though you just met... Even Nebby likes you! I guess there's something about you that makes Pokémon feel comfortable when they're by your side.
Lillie! You take care of <var>, yeah? Until she gets used to Rotom, help himer find hiser way around!

