Boy, you're awful close!
Stand so close and I'll wanna battle you. Is that what you want? Huh? Is it?
You sure? I heard that you're supposed to beat us as some kinda lesson or something.
Then I'll show you how I like to fight... up close and personal!
Your style of battle... It's pretty great, you know?
Oooh, so close! It makes me want to battle!
You know, as a Trainer you can feel a lot closer to someone after battling them. But how close you have to get to a Trainer before they challenge you to a battle can depend on what kind of Trainer they are!
You can tell me anytime that you want your team's health restored, and I'll help you. Seeing a Pokémon in pain makes my own heart seem to ache...
Let me take care of poor <var>, OK?
Please try not to push your Pokémon too hard... Um...I mean...if you don't mind...
I'll teach you the tactics that I learned here at school...by beating you with them!
Poisoning an opponent will slowly drain its HP. Paralyzing 'em can prevent its attacks. Pokémon moves can have all kinds of effects, so watch out for them!
I've been waiting here for you because the teacher told me to. If you beat my Pokémon, I'll give you a simple but very important lesson.
If you use items or moves to boost your team's stats, you can increase how much damage your Pokémon deal and lessen how much they take. If you ever want to be a Pokémon champion, then that's a total basic. You got that?
You wanna know why I'm standing here? Because I'm the strongest, that's why! I won't even bother battling you unless you can beat everyone else here!
You wanna know why I wanna be strongest? Because it's cool to be strong, duh!
Ahh... Now that wasn't cool at all... Maybe I should aim for being pretty instead?
But fine! Whatever! I can admit it when I'm beat. I'll give you a reward even. Take this Technical Machine!
OK. First thing to know about TMs. Technical Machines teach new techniques. They'll give your Pokémon a new move in a flash. But if your Pokémon can't learn the move in a TM, then too bad. You are up the creek, pal. Second thing to know about TMs. You can use a TM as many times as you want, on as many different Pokémon as you want. They don't wear out or get used up. Pretty nice gift from me, huh?
Oh, that's the school bell.
Attention, all students... Would <var> please come to the office on 2F? <var> to the 2F office, please.
What terrible thing did you do to get called to the office so soon?
Nothing!
Well...
That's what you say...
So you did do something?!



