There is something loaded on the screen. Would you like to take a look at it?
Introduction
Multitasking
Hedging risks
Massaging the truth
Cancel
This is the blog of F, a branch chief working in the Alola region. Title: Introduction Are you interested in success, dear readers? Then allow me to introduce myself. My name is F, and I am an elite, self-made man. Here on my blog, I will show you the way to succeed.
This is the blog of F, a branch chief working in the Alola region. Title: Multitasking Currently I am working on the development of a special sort of ball, which I took over from my predecessor, in parallel with another project. Seeing how well I multitask impresses my subordinates and increases their motivation. Showing how skillful you are is a kind of on-the-job training for your underlings.
This is the blog of F, a branch chief working in the Alola region. Title: Hedging risks I once ventured to undertake a project without notifying my superior. I developed a device to restrain a dangerous life form, in case it became necessary to do so. I had it made for hedging risks to protect myself, but for better or worse, it was made public. It is always essential to consider the risks before one takes action.
This is the blog of F, a branch chief working in the Alola region. Title: Massaging the truth My superior's family stole the results of our research and ran off. However, I have chosen to never blow this issue out of proportion. I will only be reprimanded for my own mistakes, and surely my superior is also displeased with the actions of her family as well. When necessary, one must always be prepared to massage the truth to protect one's own position. It is not an exaggeration to say that this skill is vital for success.
There are some suspicious looking deleted files. Would you like to look at them?
File #2
File #5
File #7
File #11
File #18
File #44
Quit
BKP Development Record #2 Anti-UB Fighting life-form, B (Beast) K (killer) The president has approved the proposed budget for this development project, so it will be implemented.
BKP Development Record #5 Materials for development have been collected from the Canalave Library in the Sinnoh region. Plans are being drawn up for the specifications of the Type change program, known as the RKS System. Work is underway on designing the specifications of special memories for said system.
BKP Development Record #7 Collection of cells of all Types for genetic modeling has been completed. Blueprints for the skeletal structure have been approved, and incubation of the bio-frame is underway.
BKP Development Record #11 Dummy test of the RKS System program has been completed. Type has been successfully altered with all 18 special memories. The transplantation of the RKS System program to the models is underway. The BK's official name has been set as Type: Full.
BKP Development Record #18 Production of three models has been completed. They are identified as serial number 01, serial number 02, and serial number 03. All three models rejected the RKS System upon initialization during testing. Shortly after these initialization errors, all three models of Type: Full went berserk.
BKP Development Record #44 Models have been fitted with control masks to mitigate the effects of their rejection of the RKS System. Due to the implementation of these control masks, our RKS System initialization tests have failed. All three models of Type: Full are to be cryogenically frozen for the rest of eternity. The name of these models has been changed from Type: Full to Type: Null.
Which would you like to see?
