I'm the game director. It's pretty fun to fill up your Pokédex, you know! When you've made some progress, don't forget to come show it to me.
I'm the game director. Now let me see that Pokédex of yours... You've registered every last Pokémon that can be found on Melemele Island!
You've completed the Melemele Pokédex! That's fantastic!
I'm the game director. Now let me see that Pokédex of yours... You've gotten every last Pokémon that can be found on Akala Island!
You've completed the Akala Pokédex! That is some accomplishment!
I'm the game director. Now let me see that Pokédex of yours... You've done a fine job tracking down every last Pokémon that can be found on Ula'ula Island!
You've completed the Ula'ula Pokédex! Wonderful! Just wonderful!
I'm the game director. Now let me see that Pokédex of yours... You've registered every last Pokémon that can be found on Poni Island!
You've completed the Poni Pokédex! Amazing! You are too much!
I'm the game director. Now let me see that Pokédex of yours... Ohhhhhh! You've completed the Alola Pokédex! I-I've never seen an Alola Pokédex as fantastic as this one!
It's astounding! It's too astounding for words!
Mm-hmm! That's a perfect stamp right there! Straight on and without a single smudge! I'd love a chance to put another perfect stamp on your passport to extol your hard work. If you fill in another one of your Pokédexes, be sure to come back and show it to me!
My hands are positively shaking in awe of your amazing accomplishment... But I still managed to commemorate your great accomplishment with a new stamp, and I've recorded it in my own heart and soul, as well!
I'm the game director. Oh! You didn't just finish all four of the Island Pokédexes—you completed the Alola Pokédex! You are a Pokédex Master! I'm glad to see that you're still playing even after collecting all the stamps that prove how you completed your Pokédex!
Let me give you a new stamp to commemorate how you completed this Island Pokédex!
Let me give you my last and most special stamp!
I've got a gift for someone like you, who has taken their Pokédex to the limit! It's a mysterious charm that will make you more likely to encounter Shiny Pokémon when held!
