Welcome to the Dream Park! Where dreams become reality and Fossils become Pokémon!
Do you have any Fossils on you? Do you wanna turn 'em back into Pokémon?

Which Fossil do you want to restore back into a Pokémon then?
All righty! You just leave it up to me! I'm gonna turn that <var> of yours back into a Pokémon lickety-split!
What, you don't want me to restore your Fossil? Tch! Don't you get how amazing this chance is?

I turned that Fossil of yours right back into the Pokémon it used to be! This here is <var>! You'd better take right good care of it!
You obtained <var>!

Hmm? Now color me surprised! Your team's just packed with Pokémon! I guess I'll just have to take care of this lovable little lug until you come back with some space!
Someday this whole place is going to be filled to bursting with Pokémon from the ancient past. That's my dream for this: the Dream Park! To bring the ancient world back to life!
<var>










No, thanks
If you want to meet mysterious Pokémon that disappeared from the world long ago... Then you'll have to find some Fossils first! You do know about Fossils, right?
If you find any Fossils, you can have my pa take a look at them for you.
Fossils are the remains of ancient Pokémon that have been preserved in the ground. They can be restored and brought back to life so we can meet those ancient Pokémon again! What do you think? It's pretty amazing, right?
Wow! You're pretty amazing yourself! You've found every known Fossil that can be restored into a living Pokémon, haven't you? That is just so amazing that I think I will have to give you a little reward! This is your proof of being a Fossil Master!
Are you a Fossiphiliac, too? A Fossil fan, my fine boygirl! If you are, you might know the answer to this... What did my sweet <var> turn into when I had it restored? If you'd like to see for yourself, how about a Pokémon battle?
That's a real shame! Don't let that refusal fossilize—come back and fight me anytime!
That's right! Sweet little <var> becomes a fine <var>!
I hope I'll get to meet more sweet little Fossils soon, not just my <var>!
