Welcome to the town of Postwick A farming town since days of old, where people and their Pokémon live in close harmony.

Route 1
Welcome to the town of Wedgehurst Our quiet borough is home to the esteemed Pokémon Research Lab.
Route 2
Trainer Tips Pokémon can gain Exp. Points by battling other Pokémon. Exp. Points help them grow stronger. And your Pokémon will still get Exp. Points even if you catch a Pokémon you are battling against!
Trainer Tips Trying to take another person's Pokémon makes you no different than a thief! Poké Balls are only to be used to try to catch wild Pokémon that have no Trainers!
The Pokémon Nursery You've found the right place to come to for all your Pokémon Egg finding needs.
Welcome to the city of Motostoke An industrial city studded with steam-powered marvels of modern engineering.
Route 3
Trainer Tips You can set up camp on routes, and your Pokémon can earn Exp. Points from camping. Try visiting other people's camps, too, when you find tents along your way.

Galar Mine lies ahead
Route 4
Trainer Tips A Pokémon's moves can be physical moves or special moves. A high Attack stat makes physical moves deal more damage, and a high Sp. Atk stat makes special moves deal more damage!
Welcome to the town of Turffield A town nestled within the nurturing bowl of our many terraced farming fields.
Welcome to the town of Turffield Renowned since days of yore for the stunning and historical geoglyph upon our hill!
Turffield Stadium
Route 5
The Pokémon Nursery You've found the right place to come to for all your Pokémon Egg finding needs.

Trainer Tips Pokémon that appear to be surrounded by a brilliant aura tend to be stronger than others. And when you defeat them, they drop Watts! It seems you become more likely to spot these Brilliant Pokémon the more Pokémon you catch!
Welcome to the town of Hulbury A bustling seaport that many visit to see its lively market stalls and famed restaurant!
Hulbury Stadium
Motostoke Outskirts
Galar Mine No. 2 → ← Motostoke
Welcome to the ancient city of Hammerlocke A city of great history, living and thriving within castle walls that date back to the middle ages.
Route 6
Trainer Tips You can use each Technical Machine, or TM, as many times as you like on your Pokémon. Teach your Pokémon moves of various types to give them an advantage against all kinds of different opponents in battle! Technical Records, or TRs, can only be used one time before they break, however. Be more thoughtful when choosing to use them!
Welcome to the town of Stow-on-Side A vibrant town that has grown up around an ancient mural tucked away in the mountains.
↑ Ballonlea ↓ Stow-on-Side
Come see the famed sights of Stow-on-Side! Discover the history of the Galar region!

Stow-on-Side Stadium
Welcome to the town of Ballonlea A charming town where the people make their homes among the trunks of the towering trees.
Ballonlea Stadium
Route 7
Trainer Tips If you want to stop a Pokémon from evolving, press the B Button while it's trying to evolve. The Pokémon will be startled and stop evolving. This trick is called an Evolution cancel!
Welcome to the town of Circhester Buildings from an age long gone still stand about the steaming hot spring that covers the town.
Trainer Tips The Pokémon species you see recommended in your Pokédex will be updated once you manage to catch them all or when the date changes.
Circhester Stadium
Route 8
Trainer Tips Checking out glowing Pokémon Dens in the Wild Area will help you store up Watts! If you climbed all the way up here, you're likely the sort to investigate every nook and cranny. So keep that curiosity alive to search out every last den as you run around the Wild Area, too!
Welcome to the town of Spikemuth This rocking town has a punk vibe and streets crammed with shops lined up cheek by jowl.
Route 9
↑ Route 9 → Spikemuth
Circhester Bay
↓ Spikemuth
Trainer Tips There are times when you throw a Poké Ball to catch a Pokémon, and it shakes just once. The more Pokémon you catch, the more likely this curious phenomenon is to occur. Since it makes it more likely you'll be able to catch your target, it's called a critical catch.
Route 10
Trainer Tips The Dynamax phenomenon is caused by a special power that originates from within Pokémon, warping the space around them and making them appear far larger than they truly are. Some Pokémon also change appearance upon Dynamaxing. This particular kind of Dynamaxing is also known as Gigantamaxing.
Welcome to the modern city of Wyndon This booming metropolis was designed and developed by our very own Chairman Rose.
Flying lost in Wyndon's winding streets? Use the city's dedicated Flying Taxis or the monorail!
Wyndon Stadium
The Pokémon Nursery You've found the right place to come to for all your Pokémon Egg finding needs.





























































































































