Return the <var>?
Zacian! Zamazenta! Thanks loads for helping us out!
Took us a little while, but we've brought back your precious relics and all!
You and Hop returned the Rusted Sword and Rusted Shield!
All right! That about settles that. <var>, why don't you and I head back?
What're you gonna do, Sonia?
I think I'll stay here a bit longer. I want to do a little more research here in the forest.
Hm? My Power Spot Detector is going off...
Well, well, well... I thought I heard someone making some noise over this way!
Well, well, well... You wouldn't be the Professor Sonia who wrote the book "Galar: A History"?
Eh, ah, hello... You bought my book?
Why yes, of course! Read it from cover to cover!
Why yes, of course! I even wrote an internet review for it!
That awful book was filled with lies... So we gave it one star!
What?! There are no lies printed in that book!
That's just plain rude!
I am Sordward!
I am Shielbert!
We are the new kings of Galar! We're descendants of the first kings!
More than that, we're celebrities!
New kings? Descendants? Seriously, what are you on about?
What exactly are you two supposed to be?
Well, well, well! Could these things here be the fabled sword and shield?
Well, well, well! They certainly are dirty! They must be fake! I fear to touch them with my bare hands.
Sordward took the Rusted Sword!
Shielbert took the Rusted Shield!
Hey! Don't go nicking those! We just returned them!
Oh, do shut up! We only happened to pick up some things that were dropped on the ground!
If you've got a problem with it, how about you prove to whom they belong, hmm?
But...there's no way anyone can prove who those ancient things belong to! Even if we can't prove it, they're really important to Zacian and Zamazenta!
Oh goodness. Such a plebeian, and yet so pushy. If it's really so important to you, perhaps we should settle this with a battle?
We're celebrities who buy battles for twice what they're worth!
What does that even mean...?
I, the magnificent Sordward, am your opponent!
I, the magnificent Shielbert, am your opponent!
You took back the <var>!
Tch! To somehow have defeated the adorable Pokémon I go strolling with... You're certainly strong...
Tch! To somehow have defeated the adorable Pokémon I go strolling with... You're certainly strong...
However, it appears that my younger brother was victorious.
However, it appears that my older brother was victorious.
Sorry, <var>... I lost to him...
Wahahahah! Something on your mind, boy? You weren't concentrating at all during our battle!
Wahahahah! Something on your mind, boy? You weren't concentrating at all during our battle!
... ... ...
Older Brother! Isn't that the one who stopped Eternatus?
Younger Brother! Isn't that the one who stopped Eternatus?
Oho! Now that I look closely, I believe it is! What a rude child, snatching up our chance at glory like that.
Oho! Now that I look closely, I believe it is! What a rude child, snatching up our chance at glory like that.
According to our sources... I believe she was also present during the destruction of the magnificent mural our ancestor so artfully created many years ago.
According to our sources... I believe she was also present during the destruction of the magnificent mural our ancestor so artfully created many years ago.
What a garish brute! Destroying the mural our family has held in such high esteem for so long?!
What a garish brute! Destroying the mural our family has held in such high esteem for so long?!
Mural? You mean the one that hid the historical ruins of <var> and the others? And hold on a moment—<var> wasn't the one who destroyed it.
Let us withdraw for now... Next time we shall bring Pokémon that will utterly defeat you!
Let us withdraw for now... Next time we shall bring Pokémon that will utterly defeat you!
That's right!
Yes, let's do that!
And with that, farewell!
W-wait! Stop! Give back that <var>!
Hold on, Hop!
Ugh, that kid. He's gone and recklessly run off...
At least you're calm, <var>. I expected as much.
I'm surprised that Hop lost to someone like that. He looked upset about something during the battle. Maybe that had something to do with it?
His own rival became the new Champion, and his goal vanished before his eyes... You can't help but wonder how he feels about it all.
Anyway! Sordward and Shielbert, was it? I think I might know something about where those two weirdos went...
Shall we go over it at the lab in Wedgehurst?
Of course!
I'm worried about Hop
I bet I didn't even need to ask! Thanks!
I get it... You feel responsible for him and want to help him as soon as you can, right?
OK, we'll meet up later, then! I'll head back to the lab.
