Look at you, little chap! Who's a rugged, rocky little love? You are, Carkol. You're my little rubble-wubble!
Gor?
Oi, can't you see me spendin' some quality time here with my beloved Carkol? You're not tryin' to disturb us, are you? If you are, I'll just have to make it clear you're not welcome!
I was the strongest one in Galar Mine No. 2, but now my spot's been taken...
What's your problem, eh? Here we had the brilliant idea to block the path while passin' the time showin' Carkol a bit of love, and then you come along!
Retreat! That's it, lads! Leave the Pokémon behind and leg it!
Cleared them right off, eh, <var>?
Wait, have I got this straight? Those fanatics were only in our way...so they could spend a bit of time playing with Carkol?!
Hmph. It seems I made the right decision, letting the rabble deal with the rabble. The only thing weak Trainers like yourselves are good for is clearing my path.
I'm sorry you had to deal with that, Carkol. Were you in the middle of a Poké Job, then? Go on! Break those rocks, and hurry back safe to your Trainer!
Goooooor!
Actually... You two aren't even all that useful in clearing my path, compared to that Pokémon. Still, I suppose you did take care of Team Yell. Here's something for your trouble.
Rrrgh! That little—!
Do you suppose that Carkol found its way back to its Trainer all right?
Still, I wonder... Where has Kabu wandered off to?
Thank you for helping out with my training, Team Yell! But I must say... it's unforgivable for you to get in the way of a Carkol hard at work!
We weren't gettin' in its way! We were tryin' to cheer it on!
Still, you did a number on us in that Pokémon battle, so...it's time for Team Yell to scarper and give a morale boost elsewhere!
Goooooor!
Cheering is one thing, but one shouldn't get in the way of honest work!
That's Kabu... Man, he's wicked! No wonder he's the Fire-type Gym Leader!
Ah, you are the Trainers endorsed by Leon! Hop and <var>, am I right? I'm just training right up until the last moment so that I can guarantee the perfect match when I face you Gym Challengers!
I specialize in Fire-type Pokémon, and the Water-type Pokémon in Galar Mine No. 2 are the perfect opponents to train against!
Regardless, it's getting late. Just go straight once you get out of this mine, and you'll reach Motostoke. Get a good rest at the hotel, and make sure you're both in your top condition!
Come on, Carkol. Time for you to head on home, too. I'll make sure you get there safely.
Gooor!
We're going to be on fire tomorrow!
I remember Lee talking about Kabu. He said that a lot of Gym Challengers give up because they just can't beat Kabu.
Man, now I'm getting all fired up, too!
