We know all the Wishing Stars that Chairman Rose had gathered are here. We celebrities have an enhanced level of insight into such things!
You noncelebrities are not suited to having such valuable things. Hand them over to us.
Wishing Stars and being a celebrity have nothing to do with each other!
I don't know how you knew about this, but there's no way we're giving them to you!
That's right! You could never understand how important these Wishing Stars are. You have no need for them!
Goodness. Whatever should we do, Younger Brother?
It would certainly seem we have been inconvenienced, Older Brother.
Wahahahah!
Sonia and the professor are the ones who've been inconvenienced here!
Hop!
Forcing Pokémon to Dynamax against their will... You've gone way out of bounds here!
And I haven't forgot about getting back the <var>, either!
Well, well, well! I certainly thought the Champion would come, but I didn't think a loser would follow.
Must I have you once again taste the flavor of a humiliating defeat?
Rrrghhh!
Don't let these goons put you down!
That's right!
You lost a battle, but don't lose that rockin' spirit!
R-right...
Steady on
We'll fight them together
<var>... Thanks, mate!
First thing's first! Let's get these weirdos out of here!
W— W-w-w... W-w-w...WEIRDOS?
Oh, how they wound me, Older Brother! To be called so terrible a thing as "weirdos" by these ruffians!
Indeed! To address royals such as ourselves in such a manner cannot—will not—be forgiven!
This time I've brought much stronger Pokémon to thoroughly trounce you with!
I did it... We won! We really won!
The exquisite Pokémon we trained actually lost?!
Harumph! You only won because you two teamed up. Still, we offer you ruffians our praise.
Oi. The two of you teamed up, too.
Give back the <var>, and stop forcing Pokémon to go all crazy!
Ah, sorry... Is this a bad time?
My apologies for the intrusion.
Those men are dangerous! Be careful!
... ... ...
Well done. Your infiltration mission was a resounding success, it seems.
Have you gathered the Wishing Stars?
Yes, thanks to Masters Sordward and Shielbert buying me so much time.
The assistant handed the Wishing Stars over to Sordward and Shielbert!
What? Stop! Give back those Wishing Stars!
Oh dear... It would seem we've been completely had.
Fwaheeheehoho! Why, this moment is so sweet, I don't think I'll need any sugar in my tea later!
Our battle with you was just a little trick! We'd won before you'd grabbed a single Poké Ball!
And with that, farewell!
Stop!
Why?!
Professor Sonia...I'm sorry.
Was everything... Was it all a lie, right from the start?
There was no helping it. It was necessary for the plan.
Our plan to put Galar under the control of the royal lineage once again...
... ... ...
I think she's gonna need some cheerin' from her real friends.
So those two weren't working alone? One of their followers even betrayed Sonia... That's real rough...
Seems that lot did have something to back up all their big talk...
