Hmph. You lot.
Bede?! What about the Dynamax Pokémon?
You think I, the elite Fairy-type Gym Leader, would have any kind of trouble?
That's right—you're a Gym Leader now! Though I don't know about "elite" or whatever.
Please...please don't tell me you came here to help? First of all, you're a bit late to be of any use, and second, I didn't need any help.
Why'd I know you'd say something like that...? We came all the way out here just to lend a hand!
What an obnoxious Gym Leader. The next Gym Challenge is shapin' up to really be somethin'.
Oleana tricked and used me... From now on, only I decide how I live!
And I think what I should do now is have a battle with you, <var>!
Look, I'm sorry, mate, but... this is hardly the time!
Don't always be in such a hurry, boy. You aced my quiz, so show a little composure.
Bede has already quieted three Dynamax Pokémon. He's given you the luxury of some extra time.
Bede's life won't be bound by what other people say any longer. Although I certainly influenced a few of his decisions not too long ago.
Now that you mention it...I suppose you did.
Yeah, yeah. As expected of a wise 88-year-old granny, I guess.
But this has nothing to do with Ms. Opal. This battle's for me! Now, don't dillydally! Your only option is to accept!
I'll battle you
I understand!
My Pokémon and I have risen from the ashes... I'll grant you a brief glimpse at how amazing we've become.
Thank you for the battle. I can now accept you as the Champion.
It's painful to admit, but I've come to realize a few of my weaknesses.
But I'll keep getting stronger. I'll reach the pinnacle of what Fairy types can do.
Now then, as the Gym Leader, I will do my duty and clean the stadium.
Now, that's what I would call a perfectly pink Pokémon battle!
Even after losing his right to participate in the Gym Challenge, Bede still found his own way to crash the Champion Cup... Yeah, I'd say he's a force to be reckoned with.
I think I get why he was chosen to be the next Gym Leader.
He might be unbearable at times—or really, most all the time—but he's a fierce Trainer.
He takes things seriously
He's really strong
Yeah. Watching him battle you, it was plain to see how much work he puts into it.
He's strong enough that even a Champion like you recognizes it, eh?
If you both are gonna keep talkin', how 'bout I fetch you a nice cuppa?
Right, right, I hear you! And I won't be outdone by that Bede or anyone! On to the next one!





