






Mugyuuu.
Milo used a Revive!
Shaaanari.
Phew... Looks like things've finally calmed down a bit.
This Dynamax stuff... No matter how many times I see it, I still don't like it.
I can see your dislike of Dynamaxing still hasn't changed, Piers.
But there was definitely something off about that Dynamax transformation...
There wasn't any Trainer anywhere! And the Pokémon seemed like it couldn't even control the power itself...
Quite right... Normally, a Pokémon needs to respond to a Dynamax Band in order to Dynamax, but...
Seems there was some discord in the harmony between Trainer and Pokémon.
Did you feel anything unusual, <var>?
I did
I'm not sure
So you noticed something was off, too.
Hmm, well, I suppose it is a bit early to start drawing any conclusions.
There's no Trainer to be found. This really is a mystery wrapped in an enigma.
I'll make sure Turffield Gym takes good care of this Pokémon for the time being.

You lot really helped me out here. Thanks for that.
Oh, and <var>! If you should ever need my help, feel free to call me anytime.
All right then. Follow me, little Tsareena.
Shaaanari.
Well, well, well! Looks like that Dynamax nonsense has calmed down.
Well, well, well. The Champion, as expected.
Ah! It's you two! I knew you'd be here! Give the <var> back!
Well, I never. It's not like it's something that belongs to you, either.
Even if it were yours, we wouldn't give it back.
What's with these two! Arrrghhh! Get over here so I can battle you!
Who are these guys?
Spectators and staff should've been evacuated.
The normal rules simply just don't apply to us!
Yes! That's what it means to be celebrities!
What?
Who is this ruffian to question us? You're just someone with strange taste in hairstyles!
His entire style is complete black and white nonsense. Isn't it, Older Brother?
You think I'd put any faith in words from rude little punks like you?
But it seems our experiment was a success, Younger Brother.
Quite, quite. Next time let us try to Dynamax an even stronger Pokémon.
Yes, yes! At last we shall reveal the true nature of Zacian and Zamazenta!
What was that about Zacian and Zamazenta?!
You, despicable Champion! We're going to keep letting Dynamax Pokémon run wild!
If you want to stop us, do your best to chase after our splendid-looking bottoms!
More like...celebrity bottoms!
And with that, farewell!
So you were the ones who caused all this? Stop!
Calm down, Hop. You don't gotta act so hard.
B-but they're getting away!
Yeah, and they could be leadin' us to a trap. It's a bad idea to run in unprepared.
But still!
Ughhh... Fine. You're right. I get it.
Good. Let's all calm down for a sec.
Thanks to them runnin' their mouths, we know their goal is to force Pokémon to Dynamax.
And that they plan to continue doing it!
I won't allow it!
We have to stop them!
Yeah!
This is no time to be hung up on getting back the <var>... <var>! Piers! We've got to stop those two!
How're those two makin' Pokémon Dynamax without any Dynamax Bands?
Where would those red and blue buffoons have gone off to next? Let's head out and look, <var>!
