Wait, you!
Who's that?
A moment, if I may. Does anyone here even remember me? I am Bede, the challenger who was forced to withdraw from the Gym Challenge!
Bede! He's the challenger endorsed by Chairman Rose himself!
I have a score to settle with Challenger <var> here. I'm aware that this is against the rules, but I must ask nonetheless... Let me battle himer! I'll stake my career as a challenger on this battle. If I lose, I'll retire from being a Trainer.
What an unexpected turn of events! Former Challenger Bede has come for one last battle!
We are currently debating what to do with Challenger Bede. To all our viewers, both here in the stadium and at home in front of the telly, we ask that you please be patient!
I know this is ridiculous of me. But I had to say something...do something!
Ever since you showed up, everything I've done has gone wrong! It was Oleana who asked me to gather Wishing Stars for the chairman, but then the chairman himself disowned me...
And then that strange old lady comes out of nowhere and drags me into a boot camp on Fairy-type Pokémon! Do you have any idea what I've been through?! Covered in pink, dealing with quizzes and battles with Fairy-type Pokémon every day!
And here I am, pouring my heart out to you... when I've never lost my cool before!
We've reached a decision, ladies and gentlemen! The Champion himself has accepted Bede's sudden interruption! Is the Champion showing his love...by giving every Trainer a chance to grow stronger? Or is it a trial for Challenger <var>?
My will hasn't been broken yet!
Well, I lost...
It looks like Challenger Bede was no match for Challenger <var> and hiser trusted team!
Hey, Bede! That was some match!
Don't retire! Just restart your career!
B-but this isn't what I planned! If I was able to defeat you, then everything would be fine. Even if I lost, I was going to use retiring as an excuse to get away from that old lady!
You just keep messing up my plans! With everyone cheering me on like this, I have no choice but to continue my training as the Fairy-type Gym Leader!
Though I suppose with my talents, I'll be able to overtake Ms. Opal in no time.
The stadium is filled with voices cheering on these two young Trainers! Now, Challenger <var>, please head back to the locker room so that you can rest up from that unexpected match...
Rather surprising for Challenger Bede to barge in like that... In any case, once you're ready, please head onto the pitch. The Finals are about to begin.
