Hm?
Professor Sonia, you have a visitor.
Hey, <var>! Glad you're here.
Who's this?
You got an assistant?
She's my assistant! I've been so busy with research lately that I've had to bring on some extra help.
Spot on! I've been busy with my research, so I decided to bring on some extra help.
I've been keeping all the Wishing Stars that Chairman Rose had been gathering here in the lab.
Things have been a little hectic around here, but my assistant has been handling things in a proper fashion. She's really been helping me keep things afloat.
I really haven't been doing all that much...
You're <var>, the Champion, right? I'm really glad I get to meet you. It's an honor, truly.
Come here for a moment, would you? There's something I want you to have a look at.
You remember my Power Spot Detector, right? It detects places where Dynamaxing is possible... Basically when there's a high concentration of Galar particles, the readings spike...
And that's how I figured it out!
The Power Spot Detector reacted when those two got close.
Could it be...?
So what does that mean?
Exactly!
Basically...
follow the readings from the Power Spot Detector, and you might be able to find those sword and shield weirdos.
Sordward and Shielbert might claim to be royalty, with their weird, fancy names. But it's easier to just call them weirdos, don't you think?
Let's get back on topic, though!
I placed Power Spot Detectors all around Galar, and now it's their time to shine.
Power Spot Detectors—access!
Whoa, whoa! That's a way bigger reaction than I would've thought! Looks like it's coming from... Turffield Stadium?
You could always Dynamax Pokémon at the stadium, so that's not exactly unusual. But these readings are way higher than normal!
It can't be Eternatus... You already caught it. Maybe it's something related to those sword and shield weirdos?
You should go check it out, <var>. Since you're our snazzy new Champion and all!
I've set up your Town Map to show where the strong particle reactions are coming from, so have a look at it.
I'll leave looking into Turffield to you. I'll stay here and try to look into those rude weirdos.
I'm so glad to be working for Professor Sonia. To have a doctorate at such a young age... She's really an amazing person.
