ROSE: Leon. We've discussed this a hundred times already. And still you fail to understand what's at stake? You, who is supposed to be our Champion...
LEON: I think I understand well enough.
What I don't understand is why we ought to cancel tomorrow's tournament in order to solve a problem that's a thousand years away from affecting any of us! What difference is one day going to make?
My duty as Champion isn't this...this madness. It's to carry out that Championship Match! That's what Galar wants—and what I want! It's what we've all been looking forward to for so long!
ROSE: No, you don't understand... You still don't understand a thing!
Look around us, Leon! Look at the Galar region stretched out before us. And know that the energy required to keep this brilliant, glittering world alive will be exhausted a millennium from now! The people of Galar today will no longer even exist. What Galar wants today hardly matters!
The future is more important than just one day! We must act as quickly as we possibly can! We must take action in order to avert tragedy! So that all can look forward to a better future!
LEON: In a thousand years! Fine. Look. I think I understand your concerns, Chairman. And I give my word I'll help you with your plans... just as soon as tomorrow's match is over.
Lee... You never showed when you were supposed to, so I got worried that something had happened... Piers and Marnie and all those Team Yell oddballs, they all helped us out to get here...
I must apologize to you, Hop, if we've made you worry at all. There are times when adults just can't seem to have an honest discussion with one another. Sometimes our pride just gets in the way.
Never mind any of this, Hop, <var>. Let's head back to the hotel, and we'll all grab dinner together, yeah? It's on me, so you can order whatever you fancy.
If you'll excuse us, Chairman Rose... And I do hope you'll watch tomorrow's match. It's sure to be one for the history books.
One for the history books... You still don't understand, young Champion... We... No, I am going to change the course of history!
