Hey there, Trainer! You've just taken your first step into the world of camping! People call me the Camping King! I can help you out with all your camping needs. Remember, everyone starts out as a rookie! If you've got any questions about camping, feel free to ask me!
Well, well! Today looks like another fine day for camping, I'd say!
Is there anything camping related you'd like some help with?
I want to change my tent color
Rate my Curry Dex, please
I want to change my cooking utensils
Feel free to ask me anything about camping!
I'll pick out a color that goes well with your Pokémon!
Hmm. Hmm. Yes, I see... A color that would suit <var>... That's it! It must be the <var> type's color!
Oho. Let's see now... A color that suits your <var>... Which do you think is a better fit?
Yes
No
<var>-type color
<var>-type color
The <var>-type color? Are you sure?!
I've changed your tent to the <var>-type color!
Oh? Why, you haven't made a single dish yet! Come back after you've tried making one, and show me!
You've reached the highest heights of curry creation! I have nothing more to teach you! Continue to strive for curry creation excellence!
How's your Curry Dex coming along? Allow me to have a quick look at it. Looks like you've made <var> kinds of curry!
You're still a camping rookie! For starters, why not try throwing any ingredients you like in the pot and see what comes of it!
Looks like you're getting the hang of cooking while out camping. Try adding in Berries to your curry to give it a little extra oomph!
With ten curries under your belt, I think you've graduated from rookie status! Keep trying to create all manner of wonderful curries from here on out!
You've certainly started making your way down the long road of curry cooking! Be sure to fan the flames just right, so as not to burn the dish. And don't spill anything when stirring the pot!
Oh! Why, you've made at least thirty different kinds of curry! I can feel the curry creation potential radiating from you! Keep doing your best to aim for higher and higher heights!
Seems like making curry has become a common part of your everyday life by now, right? Remember you can always buy more ingredients, as well as find them lying on the ground! Gather as many different ingredients as you can and make all different kinds of curry!
You stand now among the curry cooking elite! You probably already know this, but if you cook in someone else's camp, there's a chance you'll be able to use an ingredient that wasn't in your Bag!
That look on your face! That faint fragrance of some spice! You've become a truly splendid curry chef! I bet there are times you look through your Curry Dex and relive all the memories that fill it!
You've made every single curry I know of?! Amazing...simply amazing! You may very well complete your Curry Dex before even I do!
Oh? Oh?! Could this be? Can this truly be?! You've...you've completed your Curry Dex! You've made every known curry in this world to date! To have come so far in your camp cooking... I'm touched! Truly touched! Thank you!
Since you've made at least <var> different kinds of curry, how about a reward?
You put <var> away in your Camping Gear.
You put the Fresh Ball away in your Camping Gear.
You put the Weighted Ball away in your Camping Gear.
You put the Soothe Ball away in your Camping Gear.
You put the Mirror Ball away in your Camping Gear.
You put the Tympole Ball away in your Camping Gear.
You put the Champion Ball away in your Camping Gear.
Sausages are a staple topping! Be sure to try cooking with them!
This Fresh Ball is a new kind of Poké Ball I've developed... Nah, I'm just having a laugh! It's a toy you can use to play with your Pokémon while camping. It's the spitting image of a Watmel Berry, and it's quite heavy, too. You might have a little difficulty throwing it!
Remember, a Heavy Ball is what you use to catch Pokémon! This might look similar, but it's a Weighted Ball... It's just a toy! It makes a real heavy sound as it bounces! Try playing with it when camping with your Pokémon!
The Soothe Ball makes a sound like a bell when you throw it! Try throwing it when you're camping with your Pokémon to calm everyone's hearts!
The Mirror Ball is ultra-reflective and the pinnacle of funkiness! Try throwing it when you're camping with your Pokémon to get everyone pumped up!
The Tympole Ball looks like...well...Tympole. You can hear Tympole's cute cry when the ball bounces on the ground!
The Champion Ball is a kind of gag gift with Leon's face on it! Try throwing it when you're camping with your Pokémon. Leon's face will fly far and bounce with some impressive oomph!
Moomoo Cheese melts in a curry and makes a dish taste even better! Cooking with it will also help you add some new entries to your Curry Dex. So try using this ingredient next time you cook!
Everyone knows Slowpoke Tails are a delicacy! They fall off all the time and grow back quickly, so they've become a popular cooking ingredient! Adding it to a curry is sure to create a taste that you'll fall in love with!
Ah, another thing...
Thank you for completing your Curry Dex! You've truly accomplished something marvelous! And such a cook deserves an appropriate set of cooking utensils. Please take these!
You received the golden cooking utensils!
You're using the golden cooking utensils right now. Would you like to change back to the normal ones?
You're using normal cooking utensils right now. Would you like to change to the golden ones?
You changed to the normal cooking utensils!
You changed to the golden cooking utensils!
Fresh Ball
Weighted Ball
Soothe Ball
Mirror Ball
Tympole Ball
Champion Ball
No, thanks
All right, then we'll leave your tent as its current color!
All right! We'll leave things as they are!
Hm? Your tent is already the <var>-type color.
First, I'll tell you about the mysterious dish called curry. Everyone in Galar has been hooked on it! To start, you need to mix in a Berry to make the curry! Then you cover a grain called "rice" in it! And there you have it! It's quite literally curry with rice! But wait! There are ingredients that you can add to the dish, like toppings to better suit your tastes! You can make all sorts of magnificent curries while you're camping! And whenever you make a new kind of curry, it'll be automatically saved in your Curry Dex! So try making all manner of different curry recipes!
You got the Fresh Ball!
You got the Weighted Ball!
You got the Soothe Ball!
You got the Mirror Ball!
You got the Tympole Ball!
You got the Champion Ball!
