


















It's a mailbox that Pokémon collect letters from!
There are so many books! The ad says the magazine with a special feature on all the Gym Leaders is the most popular.
It's a record shop. Apparently you can find some rare records here.




This city is just massive! I need to keep checking my Town Map, otherwise I know I'll get lost!
Here in the Galar region, I'd say it's fair to call the Champion a regional hero. We're all transfixed by everything he does!
You gotta throw Poké Balls! Throw them over and over to get your pitching technique sorted!
Leon throws his Poké Balls with so much energy! I wonder if the Pokémon inside get dizzy?
Churu churu.

It's wonderful that there's space for Steenee to relax and enjoy itself. In fact, I'm tempted to join it and quench my thirst, too!
We use the Pokémon move Growth to raise our flowers, so they get rather large!
I always bring flowers home—on special days or even normal days. My Pokémon loves the scent of flowers so much.
I love flower Pokémon!
Shrinking down to fit in Poké Balls, and the next thing you know, growing massive by Dynamaxing... It must be a lot of work for Pokémon!
Minci minci minci!
Minccino likes things neat and tidy. It'll brush away any dust with its tail!
I see that you're working on a Pokédex! You'll meet lots of different Pokémon if you head to the Wild Area.
There's something satisfying about actually being able to hold the products when you shop. Then again, buying things online and having Pokémon deliver them to you has its own charm.
You can really tell a person's character by going shopping with them. My husband...well...he doesn't think too much about what he buys.
Grrrarock!
Onix is big, but it can get even bigger by Dynamaxing!
Howzit? I came all the way from Alola to watch the Gym Challenge in person!
If I could choose my own uniform number, which one should I pick? I can't make up my mind!
I can't wear the same uniform as my favorite Gym Leader. I'd get way too nervous.
Records truly are amazing. They bring life back to singers who no longer can sing...
Mr. Rose has a real love for the Galar region. It's not enough to help keep us all supplied with energy—he even supports the Gym Challenge!
Steam power's amazing! It can even move that giant lift!
I'm always frightened by airplanes and whatnot... How those giant chunks of metal move so fast. Pokémon don't bother me, though.
I never get tired of watching those giant, steam-powered gears turning!
My Toxel likes tinned food way too much.
There are some Pokémon that just love to battle. I guess there's lots of different ways to live with Pokémon!
It's fun playing with Mandibuzz, but really I wish I could fly with it!
Buafuah!
Poen poen.
Come on now, Tympole. Time to head home.
In the Galar region, it's only natural that we help each other out. The cleaning I do is just volunteer work!
Even if there's no point in having a chin-wag, it's still great to hear the voice of someone you like!
People can change whenever they want—they just need to want to change... Maybe this old man can make a change, too.
Pokémon need PP, or Power Points, to perform moves!
It's fine and dandy to have battles in the city, but you need to make sure you don't get in anyone's way!
I'm playing hopscotch with Wynaut and my younger sister! Do you know hopscotch? You have to jump your way through the court!
We can play with our Pokémon here!
Wy wynaut.
Once I get my new hairstyle, I'm going to stop by the Rotomi at the Pokémon Center to update my League Card!
I do my best every day and cheer on my favorite Gym Leaders... You really don't get tired of doing the things you love!
Some people say they like Pokémon because of how strong they are, but I think that their cuteness is part of their appeal, too!
The Gym Challenge is a journey, you know. You travel throughout the region, together with your Pokémon. Remember, if you were able to take the first step, the second step is never quite as hard.
I know old folks like us can get carried away offering advice, but the most important thing for young ones like you is to live the way you want.
Mworp!
Well? What do you think about our secret hideout? We want to make a new Gym!
I bet we would make it the best Gym in Galar in like two years!
The Gym Leaders battle each other separately from the Gym Challenge in order to determine who is stronger.
Don't you wish people could use Pokémon moves, too? I mean, I bet I could unleash an amazing Hyper Beam!
Most of the companies here in Galar are owned by Chairman Rose!
My favorite person is the Champion! My favorite word is "strongest"!
Ah, Motostoke Stadium! This is where the opening ceremony is held! Exhibition matches are super exciting, too!
You're participating in the Gym Challenge? I bet you have some dependable Pokémon, then.
You've got the Fire Badge! That's wicked, mate!
The Gym Leaders will show up for the Gym Challenge opening ceremony.
You're a challenger, right? Don't let those Gym Leaders beat you!
I was watching your match! I literally shouted with excitement when you defeated Kabu!
The stadium is so huge! I wonder how many houses would fit inside?
The stadium can even handle Dynamax Pokémon battling inside! It is said that long, long ago there was a giant stadium made entirely out of stone.

I feel like that challenger named Bede has some potential! I bet he'll pull off something incredible!
My favorite is Leon's Charizard!
Everyone participating in the Gym Challenge is welcome to stay at the Budew Drop Inn.
We League staff are here to provide support for the various matches that occur throughout the Gym Challenge.
Go, Gym Challenger! Looking forward to it!
Do your best!
I'm cheering for you!
Give it your best shot!
Yeah! So cool!
Go! Go all the way! Just keep going!
Oh! You're that challenger everyone's talking about.
You're gonna face Kabu? Well, good luck!
Kabu's a strong Trainer. That's for sure!
Go all out!
All the Gym Leaders... right here!
You're an amazing Trainer, defeating Kabu and all!

Great weather, eh, mate?
I can't believe Kabu lost! What a match!
Hey, Champion! Thanks for everything!
Good day to you!
Hey there! That was a good match!
I heard Kabu's training his team all over again.
Something good happen?
I wish something good would happen.
Guess I should go look for something good.
That meal was a delight!
Time for some Max Raid Battles in the Wild Area!
I can't find the TR that I really want...
The Gym Challenge! The Gym Challenge!
I want to battle Leon!
Where'd Leon go?
Cooking while camping is just fantastic!
Curry's kind of like stew, right?
I hear curry's really popular in places like Kanto.
It's so soothing to see Pokémon playing in the city.
My hobby's going camping and playing with Pokémon!
I bet I could become a camping master!
Oh! You're the Gym Challenger I'm cheering for!
I'm gonna buy the uniform of my favorite Gym Leader!
Your uniform number is super popular!
Pardon.
Yeah, that makes sense.
That's about right.
Speed is important! It lets you attack first!
TMs are great! They never break!
The Rotom Rally! The Rotom Rally!
Poké Balls! Great Balls!
Ultra Balls are ultra-great!
Master Balls are a sure catch!
Dynamaxing makes your Pokémon become huge!
Gigantamaxing changes your Pokémon's look!
You can win a Master Ball through the Loto-ID.
Mworp!
Bworp!
