Muuurrrrrrfff!
Wow... This Pokémon is huge...
I'm glad we live in a world where I can coexist with a giant Pokémon like this!


If you're sitting, you have to stand up eventually, right? In the same way, even if you're defeated, sooner or later you'll get back on your feet.

Mima mime!
You can tell Leon absolutely loves to battle. Just look at his smile!
Pokémon Trainers are really amazing! I mean, they can compete on the world stage!
Mr. Rose used the power of his company to turn this city into a tourist spot, but without ruining the historical buildings and streets!
How many companies does Mr. Rose own again?


This Mr. Mime's name is Marcel! It's really amazing!
It must be nice to be a supporter of someone. It's not easy to be so dedicated to a stranger!
If a Trainer I'm cheering for loses, it really brings me down, as if I was the one who lost! Even if the match itself has nothing to do with me, that's what it means to be a supporter.
Better to raise it from a Charmander. You'll form a stronger bond that way.
I'm gonna join the Gym Challenge too, with my very own Charizard!
Hello? Yeah, I got tickets for front-row seats in the stadium! Come on over!
I can't even keep my siblings under control. I don't think I could handle raising six Pokémon.
I'm pretending to be Falinks!
I'm pretending to be Falinks, too!
Me? I've been a fan of Leon since he first participated in the Gym Challenge!
Anybody can say things like "I've been a fan for a long time!" Or "I've watched all his matches!" It doesn't prove that you're a real fan!
Marnie gave me her autograph just now! It's my treasure!
Isn't this a huge Ferris wheel? It's known as the Galar Hurricane.
Don't listen to my sister—she's just making things up.
Bridges connect two separate things, so they can be seen as symbols of friendship, too!
When I see a truly amazing battle, it fills my whole body with energy! I've got all the respect in the world for Trainers who can put on matches like that!
Pokémon that work in the hotels and Pokémon that participate in battles... They all have a sharp look to them!

Brrrheeeim!
This kind Pokémon carried us all the way to the hotel.
You've gotta give it to Mudsdale. I've never seen it overloaded, no matter how many people are riding it!
I can change my job or even my home, but I can't change my favorite challenger and my favorite Pokémon!
Growlithe! I'll race you to the stadium!
Raihan likes to use Sandstorm first!
I'll use my speedy Pokémon to defeat any Pokémon that try to change the weather!
Bork!

Exactly! My Growlithe lost so much weight!
Running a full circle around Wyndon certainly burns a lot of calories...
I clean so that I can properly appreciate the beauty of the flowers.
I'm going for a picnic with my Pokémon!
I cross the bridge one way feeling anticipation for the match I'm going to watch, and then I cross the bridge the other way feeling excited after seeing an amazing match!
We can just walk to the stadium, but challengers have to win if they want to reach it...
I wonder how many houses would fit inside Wyndon Stadium?!
You never know the weather until you wake up. You never know who will win until it's done.
Everybody in the world watches the same match. That means everybody in the world can talk to each other about that same match!
Great matches will always be remembered by the crowd!
Kantonians and Galarians both seem to like waiting in lines...
Get your official merchandise here! We also have League Cards!
I came looking for rare League Cards, but they're all sold out!
Today's weather is perfect for a match! I mean, I say that for any weather, and the stadium has a roof, but still.
Would you care for some Pokémon snacks or Pokémon drinks?
I wasn't thirsty at all, but all these juices look so good that now I feel parched!
Challengers are just too amazing... Any mistake they make is seen by tens of thousands of fans, but the challengers just keep on battling as if it were nothing. They must all have nerves of steel!
He says he likes someone who's fun to be with, even when they're eating their usual food.
I think the reason why we feel restaurant food is so much better than normal food is because of the novelty of it all.
We'll show you the full power of Team Yell!
We're gonna stay out of trouble this time. I mean, we want to watch the matches, too!

I'm not gonna go into the stadium just yet. I want to enter it as a challenger!
Welcome, Challenger! Please, battle to your heart's content!
Time for the final match... Everyone's got their eyes on you!
That was the best match I've ever seen!
Welcome, Challenger! Please, battle to your heart's content!
This might be the first time we see a Trainer defeat Leon.
I...I'm speechless... That was just...amazing...
Leon, Leon, the greatest Champion ever! ♪ Leon, Leon, will he be beaten? Never! ♪
My sister just keeps singing Leon's cheering song!
Charizard's Max Flare is different from any other Pokémon's!
I won't lie—I started cheering for Leon because my child is a huge fan.
I'm taking as many pictures as I can. They're like little slices of time.
I feel like my Pokémon always smiles when we take photos together.
Cheeez!
I've got my eyes set on Wyndon Stadium!

Kraw! Kraw!

Krow row!

Cheers!
Nothing like a good match to spice up your day.
Amazing matches make me want to work hard, too!
Much obliged.
Much obliged!
Much obliged!!!
Good day!
Kids have their whole future ahead of them!
The future's in your hands, Champion!
I can't wait to see Dynamax Pokémon!
Being able to see Pokémon Gigantamax is the best!
So, Sonia's finally decided to become a professor, eh?
The Champion's match!
Oh man, I can't believe Hop lost...
I love Leon, but I love the new Champion, too!
So many people! It's a little intimidating...
People from all over the world gather here, huh!
The Galar region's growing on me.
I always bring up the weather when meeting new people...
I can't stop myself from saying what's on my mind.
There were Pokémon in the Slumbering Weald after all!
I train myself together with my Pokémon!
The important thing about training is to never give up.
A strong will is the secret to becoming a strong Trainer!
Yaaay! I'm a Charizard!
I'm gonna Dynamax someday!
I swear I'll beat the Champion!
This city's huge... Let me check my Town Map.
Even kids can ride the Flying Taxis!
I like the monorail, too. I think it's kinda cute!
There must be at least one ninja around here...
Was there a Pokémon that was like a ninja?
Maybe I'll challenge the Champion myself!
I've got my Charizard pose down pat!
I feel a new Champion is about to be born!
I need to get all the official merchandise!
At last! The final match!
The final showdown... This is so exciting!
Hey, it's <var>!
Strong and noble! <var> is the best!
I'm cheering for you both! Show us a good match!
Go on! Show us what you can do!
Please! Can I have an autograph?!
Challenger <var>!
If you want to get around Wyndon, you've come to the right Flying Taxi, guv'nor! Where'd you like to go?
The Rose of the Rondelands Hotel
Wyndon Stadium
Monorail Station
Rose Tower
Battle Tower
Never mind
You got it, guv! Let's get moving, Corviknight!
Aw, that's too bad. Well, let me know if you ever need a ride!
All right, guv, here we are! Just come to me if you need a ride again!
Talkin' to me ain't gonna help you find the bad guy, now is it? I'll cheer you on, so go out there and track him down!
Urara!
So there are good League staff members, and then there's this bad League staff member, and the only difference is that the bad one is wearing sunglasses? Why even bother with the different look, then?
If I were this bad League staff member, I'd just lose the sunglasses...
We're crazy busy because of the Champion Cup, and yet I can't get to Rose Tower... Some League staff aren't doing their jobs!
There are some League staff that've gone and started up a fan club dedicated to Ms. Oleana...
I've heard that the Champion and Chairman Rose are having a very important discussion right now... I wonder what it's all about?
It's finally time for the Champion Cup! Being super busy makes you want to slack off, doesn't it?
I want to get to Rose Tower but the monorail isn't moving...
There's no sign of that bad League staff! Where'd they go?!
I'm looking for something to look for!
