A Gym Challenger! Ah, but if you want to battle our Leader Kabu, you'll need to have earned a Grass Badge in Turffield and a Water Badge in Hulbury first!
A Gym Challenger! And you've even earned your first two Badges! But I'm afraid our Leader Kabu has gone off to Galar Mine No. 2 to undergo some special training with his team. You might want to head there to try to catch him.
Oh? A bit late for challenging the Gym tonight, wouldn't you say? Come again tomorrow. If you need a place to pass the night, all Gym Challengers can stay at the Budew Drop Inn.
Let's all do our utmost as Gym Challengers.
First stop will be Turffield, eh? I'm off for Route 3 myself!
I've made it this far, at least... But now I'm not sure I can make it any further. Can I really beat the Fire Gym? I don't know...
Your Pokémon really got stuck in and did itstheir best for you, didn't itthey... When I watched your match, I was the one who ended up feeling fired up to carry on!
The opening ceremony of the Gym Challenge... My whole family'll be watching back home... I should go check my hair once more in the mirror, don't you think?
Getting to see Chairman Rose address us all like that... I've never been so fired up in my life!
I got the Grass Badge and the Water Badge... But can I really get a Fire Badge?
You beat that Kabu fellow?! You really are a great Trainer... At this rate, I bet the other Gym Challengers will start wanting to test their mettle against you.
I heard that this year's Gym Challengers include Trainers that were endorsed by the chairman and even the Champion!
Collecting all eight Gym Badges... It feels a bit like a treasure hunt, doesn't it? I wonder how hard the battles will be against the Gym Leaders, though.
You're one of those Gym Challengers that were endorsed by Leon, right? No wonder you're up to taking on Kabu.
That's Leon for you, isn't it... He must've seen at a glance how much potential you had, and that's why he chose to endorse you.
I'm dead nervous, and this is only the opening ceremony... What's the matter with me?! My Pokémon all seem to be aching to battle, so why can't I seem to feel the same way...?
I got to stand on the pitch in a stadium, just like I've always dreamed of doing... Next up, I'll be battling on that pitch! No! Winning on that pitch—as the crowd goes wild!
There are heaps of us starting out like this, but only a small number will make it to the end...
Just seeing the Champion is a dream come true. But my real dream ought to be to defeat him!
Finally, the time's come for another Gym Challenge!
Time to train up my team out on Route 3!
I'm ready for that Fire Gym Leader Kabu!
We're not done yet. Let's give it our all!
Everyone's already nervous. Will we make it to the end?
I'm going to make it to the end of this—just you watch!
There are still a number of challengers in the running!
That Gym Challenger's done better than I ever dreamed!
Hmm. So everyone here is a fellow Gym Challenger...
Everyone's going to be competing to win this.
Urara! ♪
I'm sorry, but only challengers taking on the Gym mission can go beyond this point.















