Looks like your sweet <var> might be running on empty. Let's have you rest up.
As long as you have Pokémon at your side and the energy to carry onward, you'll naturally find that you always have a smile on your face!
What a frightful situation this has become... Still, I suppose everything will be all right as long as we've got Leon taking care of it... And you wish to help him as well, don't you? Don't worry—I'm certain you'll be of some help!
I suppose there must be many demands on you, love, now that you're Champion... But remember: the important thing is that you be the kind of Champion you want to be.
The Master Ball's guaranteed to catch any Pokémon in one try, right?! That's amazing! I bet you'll run into a Pokémon that'll deserve such an amazing Poké Ball one of these days!
Professor Magnolia mentioned something unbelievable the other day. She said that Dynamaxing doesn't actually make the Pokémon itself grow bigger! But they're still able to physically interact with others, right? They must really hold an amazing amount of power!
By the way, have you been to the Battle Tower in Wyndon? Leon's mother was saying he's been having a proper ball!
Grugum?
Omgom.
Grooong!
Grzzzzzz...
Bruagh?!
It's the television that Mum uses to watch her comedy-dramas.
It's a fireplace that's built into the house. It keeps things warm in the harshest winter.
Munchlax leaves leftovers around its bed from time to time.
The fridge is filled with food your family likes.
Munchlax will come to eat any leftover food, so the sink is sparkling clean.
It's a state-of-the-art microwave oven that Mum insisted on buying.
It's the bed you went to buy as a family. It's super comfy and puts you to sleep instantly.
The latest video game console is sitting by the telly.
It's a simple desk that you can keep using even when you become an adult!
There are lots of books and magazines about Pokémon neatly lined up.
It's a plush of the Pokémon Eevee! It's super soft to the touch!
It's a plush of the Pokémon Pikachu! It's super soft to the touch!
It's a brand-new telly. Your mum bought it so that you could use your game console.
