I'm the game director! The Rotom Dex is pretty fun, isn't it? If you manage to fill in some of your Pokédexes, come and show me, would you?
I'm the game director! Oh! I know what that face means! That's a face that says you filled in a Pokédex! Let's see what you've done... Whoa! You've registered all the Pokémon that can be found on Melemele Island!
You did it! Congratulations! You completed the Melemele Pokédex!
I'm the game director! Oh! I know what that face means! That's a face that says you filled in a Pokédex! Let's see what you've done... Yikes! You've gone and found all the Pokémon for Akala Island!
Amazing! Congratulations! You completed the Akala Pokédex!
I'm the game director! Oh! I know what that face means! That's a face that says you filled in a Pokédex! Let's see what you've done... Oho! You've got every Pokémon that can be found on Ula'ula Island here!
That's just like you! Congratulations! You completed the Ula'ula Pokédex!
I'm the game director! Oh! I know what that face means! That's a face that says you filled in a Pokédex! Let's see what you've done... Oh, wow! You've registered all the Pokémon for Poni Island!
That's superb! Congratulations! You completed the Poni Pokédex!
I'm the game director! Oh! Now what is that invigorating expression you've got on your face? Could it be? Are you here to show me a Pokédex? ... ... ... Oh! Whoooaaa! No way! You've completed the entire Alola Pokédex! It's amazing! Amaza-laz-a-ling! You're too much! Cannot compute!
This is really truly an astounding feat! Congratulations on completing the Pokédex!
Phew! There! I'm glad I didn't mess up the stamp. And...it looks like your Trainer Passport leveled up, too! Come see me again anytime if you manage to fill in another Pokédex!
Phew! There! I may have stamped that one a bit harder than necessary, but I couldn't seem to help it! I feel honored that I get to help a great Trainer like you celebrate your achievement!
I'm the game director! Hey, it's you again! The master of the Alola Pokédex! Now that you've filled in your entire Pokédex, have fun visiting lots of different facilities and places with your Pokémon. Enjoy Alola! And get along with your Rotom Dex, too! Thanks again for playing!
I'll go ahead and give you a new stamp to commemorate completing a Pokédex! Here we go! Bam!
All right, then! I'm going to give your Trainer Passport the super-special stamp I've been holding back this whole time! Here we go! Bam!
I really want to reward you somehow for your mastery in Pokédexing! Let's see what I can dig out of my pocket... Boy, I feel like a Picker-Upper! My Secret Base was Gold Rank, by the way. And...ta-da! It's a Shiny Charm! Just having one of these makes it more likely that you'll encounter Shiny Pokémon!
And that's not all! Here's a little something special that would go well on a tireless Trainer like you, who's been running all around Alola to fill your Pokédex!
You received a set of the Karate Gi Jacket and Karate Gi Pants!
And that's not all! Here's a little something special that would go well on a veteran Trainer like you, who learned Alola inside and out to fill up your Pokédex!
You received a set of a Pokémon Center Nurse Cap, a Pokémon Center Nurse Top, and a Pokémon Center Nurse Skirt!
