I just can't seem to catch a Galarian Meowth... If you've got a Galarian Meowth, want to trade it for my Meowth?
Wow, it's so cute! You're OK with trading for my Pokémon?
I see. Well, let me know if you change your mind!
Hooray! It's the Galarian Meowth of my dreams! I'll take such good care of it! Depending on the region, some Pokémon may have a different appearance or types!
Thanks for the Galarian Meowth! How is Cash?
Huh? You've only got one Pokémon! You'll need at least two Pokémon if you want to trade.
Cash
Mattia
Say, if you've got a Bunnelby...would you like to trade it for my Skwovet?
Oh my, you're going to trade that one?
Oh dear, that's too bad!
I'll take great care of your Bunnelby! So take care of my Skwovet, too!
I'm looking after the Bunnelby you traded me with great care!
You've only got one Pokémon? You'll need to have at least two in order to trade!
Cheekers
Haley
You got a Minccino? Interested in tradin' it for my Cottonee?
You fine with tradin' that Minccino with me?
No good, huh?
Thanks, mate! You just made my day! I'll take real good care of it!
Minccino's doin' great! Take good care of my Cottonee!
Wait a tic. You've only got one Pokémon to battle with. You can only trade if you got at least two.
Candyfloss
Grazia
Toxel are so cool. I really, really want one. If you've got a Toxel, would you please trade it for my Togepi?
So cool! You're really going to trade me that Toxel?
Yeah, I get it. Toxel are so cool there's no way you'd trade me one...
Hooray! A Toxel! Just like I've always wanted! I promise to take good care of it!
Toxel is growing really well. Pokémon you get in trades are easy to raise.
You can't trade if you've only got one party Pokémon. Please come back when you've got at least two.
Snips
Holly
Hey there. You happen to catch a lot of Maractus? How about trading one for my Hatenna?
You good with trading that one?
Come back if you change your mind.
All right! What a great trade! A give and take between Trainers!
A Pokémon you have a lot of might be a rare Pokémon to someone else. That's when a trade might be in order.
You've only got one Pokémon, so you can't trade. Bring some more Pokémon with you if you want to trade.
Fringe
Romeo
Hey there. You happen to catch a lot of Maractus? How about trading one for my Impidimp?
You good with trading that one?
Come back if you change your mind.
All right! What a great trade! A give and take between Trainers!
A Pokémon you have a lot of might be a rare Pokémon to someone else. That's when a trade might be in order.
You've only got one Pokémon, so you can't trade. Bring some more Pokémon with you if you want to trade.
Peepers
Romeo
Have you caught any Yamask in Galar? If you have, would you be interested in trading for the Yamask I caught abroad?
Are you OK with trading me that Yamask?
Oh no... I'm so sad.
Hehe. What a great trade!
Is the super-rare Yamask that I caught behaving itself?
It's kind of hard to trade when you've only got one Pokémon with you. Please come back when you've got more.
Masky
Eve
I'd really fancy catching a Vanillish, but catching Pokémon is a young person's game, by gum. I sure would be glad if someone would trade me a Vanillish for my Throh...
Oho. You'll trade with me?
Perhaps I'll ask another Trainer...
Oho! Quite the splendid Vanillish, I say. You have my gratitude!
Oho! This Vanillish sure is a cute one! I want to stay with it forever!
Ah, sorry young manlady, but if you want to trade, you'll need to have at least two Pokémon in your party. Come back when you do, eh?
Reddos
Grimm
I'd really fancy catching a Vanillish, but catching Pokémon is a young person's game, by gum. I sure would be glad if someone would trade me a Vanillish for my Sawk...
Oho. You'll trade with me?
Perhaps I'll ask another Trainer...
Oho! Quite the splendid Vanillish, I say. You have my gratitude!
Oho! This Vanillish sure is a cute one! I want to stay with it forever!
Ah, sorry young manlady, but if you want to trade, you'll need to have at least two Pokémon in your party. Come back when you do, eh?
Blubop
Grimm
I'm lookin' for a Pokémon trade. How 'bout your Obstagoon for my Kantonian Mr. Mime?
You sure you wanna trade that Obstagoon?
Right then. Come back whenever.
Thanks, mate! I'll take really good care of your Obstagoon!
No matter whose Pokémon it is, a Pokémon can only been given a nickname once. My Mymo already has a nickname, so you'll never be able to change it!
You don't have enough Pokémon in your party for a Pokémon trade. You need at least two if you wanna trade...
Mymo
Edmund
I'm searching for a Frosmoth. You wouldn't happen to have one, would you? If you do, I'd like for you to trade it for my Duraludon, please!
Oh! You'll really trade me that Frosmoth!
Please come back if you change your mind.
Thank you so much! It's just as splendid as everyone said it would be! It really gets my creative juices going!
Your Frosmoth is really energetic! It has great potential as a design model!
You can't trade when you've only got one party Pokémon. Come back when you've got some more Pokémon with you.
Linear
Kapoor







































Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Meowth from here? How about trading a Galarian Meowth to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Farfetch'd from here? Would you give a Galarian Farfetch'd to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Corsola from here? How about trading a Galarian Corsola to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Ponyta from here? How about trading a Galarian Ponyta to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Mr. Mime from here? Would you give a Galarian Mr. Mime to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Darumaka from here? Would you give a Galarian Darumaka to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Zigzagoon from here? Would you give a Galarian Zigzagoon to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Stunfisk from here? How about trading a Galarian Stunfisk to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for Galarian Pokémon... Maybe you have a Weezing from here? How about trading a Galarian Weezing to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for a certain Pokémon... Maybe you have an Exeggutor from here? How about trading one of your Exeggutor to me? I could give you one from my region.
Hiya! I came here from a different region, and I've been looking for a certain Pokémon... Maybe you have a Marowak from here? How about trading one of your Marowak to me? I could give you one from my region.
Yes! I've been searching ages for one of those! You're sure about giving it to me, though?
Oh... Well, I guess that can't be helped... I'll keep trying to find one on my own then...
This...is...AMAZING! Oh, I'll treasure it forever! Pokémon really are amazing, aren't they? The way they can look completely different just because they live in different regions... Let's definitely trade again sometime!
Ah! But you've only got one Pokémon left! I'd love to trade with you, but you've got to have at least two Pokémon or I'd feel too bad!
Meowth
Farfetch'd
Corsola
Ponyta
Mr. Mime
Darumaka
Zigzagoon
Stunfisk
Weezing
Exeggutor
Marowak
Regina
