With the shutter closed, nobody's gonna be able to challenge the Gym... I gotta look into this.
I just happened to have too many of these, so I'll give you one, got it? You can handle yourself, right?
Oi! Welcome to Spikemuth, kid! Hope yer ready for the Gym mission!
'Old on, mate. If you're gonna take on the Gym mission, you'd better change into yer uniform!
If you're lookin' for the Gym Leader, he's straight ahead from here!
If you head back, you'll be retirin'. Do you wanna retire?
Step past there, and you'll be givin' up!
Only one healthy Pokémon? You thinkin' about turnin' tail and yelleavin'?
You seriously beat Piers? Here—a TM to remember this moment!
Hey! There's some trouble over on Route 9! It's so bad, even the Champion's come to sort things out! Oh, hey! You gave Piers a thrashing, didn't you? You should head over there to help. C'mon, then! I'll show you the way.
Me? I'm just here as a part-time job. I'm fi-yellin' in for the proper League staff.
The Gym Leader's waitin' for you! Go right on ahead if you want to get trounced!


Gym Challenger. You wanna get past me, but I don't want that. Basically, it's a battle between our desires.
I don't wanna let you through! That's why I was waitin' all squeezed in this crack. But since I lost, it was really all for nothin'! Whatever. You won, so I guess I'll step aside.
D'you know the Pokémon move Light Screen?
What's this? A Gym Challenger made it through? All us Team Yell members have blocked the way. Don't think we'll just let you waltz through!
That was...totally unbelievable. Even my Pokémon are in awe of you and your team. Here, go on through. Check out our neon signs while you're at it.
Mr. Mime is a dancin' Pokémon... It makes for a cheery member of our team.
I'm yellin' for no reason!
Did I surprise you? I'm a little surprised how much my legs hurt from that landin'! If I stand still like this for too long, it'll hurt so bad I might cry... So I'll shake it off with a battle!
Well, it's true that I lost, but I pushed through the pain, so you should praise me for that! All right! Now that the pain's gone, I guess I'd better get outta here.
The HP of your Pokémon not lookin' so good?
I practiced that back handspring so much, even a pop star would be jealous of those moves. Were you surprised? Oi, be surprised, you! While you're in utter shock, I'm gonna sneakily win this battle!
I shoulda been practicin' my battle skills, not my backflip skills... Thanks for showin' me that. Guess I'll cheer for you from now on.
Team Yell takes the field! This might be the Gym Challenge, but I won't let you ruin our cool secret hangout!
What?! You only got one healthy Pokémon? Oi, don't come back unless you got a Revive or somethin'—got it?
All right, time for a pincer attack! We'll do whatever it takes to win!
Ah! I didn't have enough time to get my disguise ready! That's right! Team Yell is actually made up of Spikemuth Gym Trainers!
Ugh, whatever! Our Gym Leader's up next, but he's really strong. Got that?
I mean, everybody already knew the true identity of Team Yell, right? That means I won't get in trouble for not gettin' my disguise on, right? I sure hope so...
Bari bari!
There's some kind of invisible wall! You can't get through, no matter how you try!
