Wait! Don't just leave without saying anything!
But...you were upset. We didn't want to say anything to make it worse.
We were tryin' to be considerate, but...
Of course I'd be down on myself! It was my fault I got tricked by a Nickit in Wooloo's clothing.
But that's it! No more feeling sorry for myself!
That lot made off like bandits with all the Wishing Stars!
It'd be awful if they were used for some evil purpose, so there's no time to be feeling down!
Oh!
Heh. Hehehe... You've got some guts.
You've certainly grown strong in the face of adversity, dearie.
Gran...
Dynamaxing draws out the true strength from the trust between a Pokémon and their Trainer.
But that group is likely pouring the Galar particles emitted by the Wishing Stars into Pokémon, forcing them to Dynamax.
That's awful!
That would explain the theft...
Indeed. What an awful thing to do to Pokémon.
As expected of the Champion. Your intuition is quite sharp, <var>.
The theft of the Wishing Stars was just the start. Things could get a lot worse from here on.
But why? What reason could they have for forcing Pokémon to Dynamax?
Those weirdos said that they wanted to reveal the true natures of Zacian and Zamazenta.
I'm curious about what my former assistant said about a royal lineage. Did she mean it literally?
...Ah! <var>! Look at your Town Map!
I'm detecting huge reactions at four stadiums now!
They certainly get around, don't they?
If there's trouble at the stadiums, then Marnie could be in a real bad way!
Ah, Spikemuth seems to be OK. There's no Power Spot stadium there...
*ahem* Righto...
<var>! This is no time to be lying about!
If Pokémon are in trouble, why're we still here?! Let's get right out there to lend a hand!
I'm sorry to leave it all to you, but you'll have to take care of the Dynamax Pokémon. I'll search for those sword and shield weirdos in the meantime!
Wishing Stars were one component of the Darkest Day... If they have that many, they could cause Pokémon to Dynamax like Eternatus did.
