This'll be a proper battle, <var>! You sure you're ready for me?
Good! I wouldn't want you to be at anything less than your best for a serious match like this!
All right! Let's go, <var>!


















That's our greatest Champion for you... You really are strong, <var>!
But getting beat this time felt a bit different. I may've lost, but I feel great!
You know what, <var>? I think I've found a dream of my own!
I want to be someone who can help out Pokémon that're in trouble, wherever they are... I think I want to become a Pokémon Professor!
I started thinking I might when we were going around to all the stadiums to help the Pokémon that were running out of control.
I know I don't know enough about Pokémon yet, and I've got no experience for this sort of thing, but I'm gonna study and learn a whole lot!
And someday I'll become the sort of professor that you, <var>, and you, Sonia... well, the sort you would be proud to know!
I'm gonna take a different path than you and Lee are taking, <var>...but... I'll still always think of you as my true rival!
There's nothing I'd like better!
I still don't plan on losing to you!
Same here. We'll always be rivals, you and me!
Not like I plan on losing to you, either! Even if our goals are different now... we'll always be proper rivals, you and me!
Ahhh! No fair. You two are so young and cute.
I'm tearing up.
Sonia! Getting a bit weepy in your old age, eh?
What?! I'm still young and super energetic!
Say, Hop. Fancy becoming my assistant at the lab?
What?!
I've got all the books and data on Pokémon you could ever want!
Since you want to be a professor someday, I'll oversee your studies!
Then I definitely want to! Only...you sure I can really be any help to you?
Of course! Mind you, it'll be a lot of work. Work's really been piling up since I lost my first assistant!
Wait! So what you really mean is you're offering me the position to help yourself out? Ah, fine! I'll still do a bang-up job!
You'll have my back, too—right, <var>?
Oh, and...here, <var>. You should take this!
<var> and I, well... We're gonna do our best together to work toward achieving that dream. So until we do...you keep it, <var>!
*clap clap clap*
Well, well, well now! That certainly was a splendid battle and a refreshing back and forth, eh wot?
Well, well, well now... That really touched my heart!
Huh?! Sordward and Shielbert...with Piers? And even Lee?!
What're you lot doing here?
No need for the noisemakery, young lady.
We have come to meet with the young Masters. <var>.
They didn't get the chance to properly apologize yet.
And I'm here to keep an eye on them. They did technically descend from the original kings of Galar, after all.
Seems you lot have been up to all sorts of things while I was stuck in Rose Tower trying to take care of the mess the chairman left behind.
You've no idea! Those two were forcing Pokémon to Dynamax all over the place!
And for that, we are really, truly sorry. Look at our sorriness.
We thought only of ourselves and brought harm to innocent Pokémon. We have truly caused a large amount of trouble.
Masters. <var>, you helped us even though we did those awful things...
You are so worthy of the throne, you could say it's a Dynamax-sized amount of worthiness!
I already told you two... Zacian and Zamazenta are the real royalty.
Incorrect! We have abdicated the title to himer. There are no other rulers but <var>!
Hmm. Now that I look closely, you absolutely do have the air of a celebrity!
Well, fancy that... I think you've grown on them, <var>?
Oh dear... Reluctantly, I'm afraid we two must away.
Our tour to apologize to those we've troubled awaits!
Well then... Good-bye! Wahahahah!!
Oi! Don't go runnin' off on your own.
Hop!
Er, what?
Just so you know, I saw your Pokémon battle against Champion <var>.
You sure have gotten strong! You were so good, I nearly sent out my Charizard without thinking, wanting to join in on the fun!
It seems like you've found your own path to walk in life, Hop.
As your older brother... No, as your rival, you have my full support!
I...I do?
Oh? Leon gave you some pretty high praise. You look like the Meowth's got your tongue, Hop.
Awww, zip it, Sonia! I do not! Hehehe...
All right, I guess we should get going, too...
Right! Then it's a race to see who gets back home first!
I know you haven't reached your full potential yet, <var>! Train and prepare as much as you like. I'll be waiting here whenever you're ready!
Adventure across the Galar region to find many more Pokémon to battle and catch! The Battle Tower in Wyndon has opened, too! It's filled with Trainers stronger than those you've faced up until now. Challenge them if you dare!
<var>! I'm giving it my best with my studies! It's not easy, but it's still great fun!
If it isn't <var>. Hop's been studying pretty hard, surprisingly. I'm sure he'd be glad to know you dropped by for a visit.
