
This'll be a serious battle! You're ready for that, aren't you?
Of course!
Wait a minute...
So, the Champion thinks she can make me wait, is that it? Come on! Let's have a battle!
This is it!
So, there really is no way I could ever beat you... I mean, you even beat my "unbeatable" brother!
And if it isn't the two of you again. I was wondering what all the noise was about.
And if it isn't Sonia.


<var>! Congratulations on beating Leon!
Thank you
It was nothing...
Taking it all in stride like it's your due, eh? You cheeky thing!
Oh, trying to act modest, are you? Go on—you've earned the right to be proud!
What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be off assisting the professor?
Hop, I'm actually not working as my gran's assistant any longer...
In fact... I'm the professor now!
Y-you are?!
And really, I've got the two of you to thank for that.
I was just along for the ride on your adventure, but I ended up taking a real interest in the history of the Galar region.
And I came to care for Pokémon even more than I ever had before!
Ah, here! It's a book I wrote! I even signed it—that makes it a collector's item.
You received a copy of Sonia's Book!


I've already got my own copy. Lined up to buy it on the day it came out!
Aww, thanks, Hop! That's so sweet. I'll sign your copy for you later.
Anyway, I've got my gran's blessing and put out my first book under my own name... I think you can expect great things of the lovely Professor Sonia in the future, wouldn't you say?
Yeah, I expect so... Sonia and <var>, you both amaze me! I've got a lot to live up to here!
So? What are you young'ns doing here?
Er, oh, right...
Ohhh... That's it, isn't it? You were putting the Rusted Sword and the Rusted Shield back in their place?
Can't just keep holding on to them forever, right?
We...were! Yeah, that's what we were doing! We were just about to do that.
You forgot entirely, didn't you? What, you think the two of you are besties now with Zacian and Zamazenta or something?!
That must be it, <var>! Why you felt like you were called here!
Let's put the sword and the shield back and say a proper thanks for all the help. Maybe if we do, we'll get to see Zacian and Zamazenta again someday.
I don't have the best memories of the Slumbering Weald, but I came to do a quick investigation. Hurry it up, and put the Rusted Sword and the Rusted Shield back where they belong! I'd like to get a photo of them on location.









