Let's see, how many Gym Challengers are left? Huh... Not even ten, eh?
All right then. <var>! Time to explain the great Raihan's Gym mission!
The rules are simple! All you've got to do is defeat three Gym Trainers that I personally trained—in Double Battles!
The Gym Challenge is meant to be, well... challenging, wouldn't you say? Naturally there aren't too many Gym Challengers who can make it this far.
And that's why I provide a format where you can really show off the brilliant combinations you and your Pokémon should be capable of!
That's probably more than enough out of me. Time for someone else to take the spotlight! Come on, Sebastian! You'll be first!
Yeah, that's me. Sebastian. Leader Raihan has taught me two things! First, that Dragon types are ferociously powerful! Second, I need to create an advantage on the battlefield to fully utilize that power!
I can see why you've managed to make it this far!
In Double Battles, it's important to figure out what role each of your opponent's Pokémon play.
It looks like you don't have two Pokémon that can battle.
Fantastic! I can see those seven Badges you have were well-earned!
A Double Battle... Do you combine the strength of two Pokémon to push through, or do you have one of them support the other? Let me see what your strategy is!
The Gym mission here requires you to participate in Double Battles. You need to have at least two Pokémon ready for battle...
Well done! I am honored to have battled against such a talented Trainer.
If you manage to beat the Trainer who was beside me, you'll face me next.
Something the matter, <var>? You're not done with my Gym mission yet.
Never mind
I want to withdraw

Hah! Then hurry up and get it over with! I want to battle you already!
Are you sure you want to withdraw?
Fair enough. But you're not the type to simply give up, right? I'll be waiting for you to come back soon.
Nice one, <var>! You've completed my Gym mission! Come on. Time to head to the Gym Stadium. You've earned the right to face me yourself!
Time to face the second Trainer! Come on, Camilla!
You've made it to the third and last Trainer! Your moment to shine, Aria!
