Let's find Oleana's League staff member. That bad one was wearin' those lame shades, right?
That bad League staff member was wearin' some awful shades. And the key to findin' anyone is to just ask everyone you meet!
Seems like nobody's seen that bad League staff member anywhere else. I bet they're hidin' somewhere nearby.
Makes sense for a cornered person to seek out the tightest hidin' place, I guess. Don't s'ppose you got a box lyin' around?
Guess that wraps up Oleana's little game. Course, I'm not one to talk, I guess. Team Yell did their fair share of lame tricks... Anyway, let's head to the station.
... ... ...
Hey, <var>! This bloke's awfully shifty, but I can't get him to turn around! Say somethin' surprisin' so that he'll have no choice but to look this way!
Ms. Oleana's here!
We already have the key, you know
What?!
Blast, I turned around! And I can't escape?! In that case, time for a Pokémon battle!
All I need to do is hide, and I won't have to give you the key!
It's a wonder how fast that guy could run... I've got no idea where he went, guv.
How'd you find me...? Or did you just talk to everyone you met?! Bah, whatever! I'll defeat you this time!
They say hide a tree in a forest, so... I thought I could hide myself in the crowd!
You're way too observant! But I'll win this time and make my getaway!
Seems like you've got me cornered... But I'm not going to give up! An earful from Ms. Oleana is way worse than anything you lot can do! Good luck catching me on the monorail!
Team Yell, go find Hop! We'll corner that League staff member at the station together!
You did a crackin' job of cornerin' that bad League staff member, <var>. Let me sing you a song fittin' of your rockin' deeds!
The only thing a humble singer can do is sing a humble song. ♪
Maybe I can't cheer someone on just with the tunes I play. ♪
Maybe my songs don't make anyone happy. Maybe I can't help. ♪
But still the only thing I can do is sing—sing my humble song. ♪
Piers!
Go Pieeerrrs!
Hey, isn't that Piers? Why's he doing a street performance?
I think you mean a station performance. Come on—let's see if we can get closer!
We got the key, Piers! We can take the monorail to Rose Tower now!
<var>! Hop! Now's your chance! Go! Get outta here!















