Waaah!
Viiig!
So you're going to go with our little Squirtle? It's great with Water-type moves!
So you're going to go with our sweet Bulbasaur? It's first-rate with Grass-type moves!
Heehee! It's so hard to choose just one, isn't it? Take your time to think it over, love.
Squirt!
Bulba!
Squirtle became your Pokémon!
Bulbasaur became your Pokémon!
Squirtle looks pleased as punch that you chose it!
Bulbasaur looks pleased as punch that you chose it!
And don't you worry, Bulbasaur. I'll be sure to raise you with lots of love.
And don't you worry, Squirtle. I'll be sure to raise you with lots of love.
I'll make you oh-so-strong, so you'll never lose to <var>. Teehee!
Bulba?
Squirt?
Ms. Honey! If you want that Pokémon to learn new moves, you can leave that to me!

Well, aren't you just the sweetest thing!
That lovely lad is always so kind. Give him a bit of Armorite Ore, and he'll teach your darling new Pokémon a new move. You should give it a try.
Remember that your new Pokémon will be able to Gigantamax once it has fully evolved. So be sure to raise it well!
Dynamaxing... A mysterious phenomenon unique to Pokémon of Galar...
And then there's Gigantamaxing, a very special way of Dynamaxing for very special Pokémon...
Their moves change, of course, but their appearances change, too.
Speaking of Gigantamax, there's that secret recipe of the Master Dojo! Drinking it makes you gigantic and strong! I call it Max Soup!
I'd love to have a bowl of Max Soup full of Max Mushrooms right about now. It sure has been a while...
And that's why your second trial shall be mushroom picking!
Max Mushrooms are the key to Gigantamaxing, and I'm tasking you with finding three!
Max Mushrooms are red with a spiral pattern. I'm pretty sure they grow in dark, humid places!
And with that, your next trial begins! I'm countin' on ya!
Oh... Whoooa!
Sorry, not sorry, but I haven't accepted you as the hotshot everyone else seems to think you are.
You'd better think again if you think I'm gonna let you finish this trial before me, mate...
It would seem that I am fated not to accept your capabilities as of yet...
I will obtain the Max Mushrooms first and claim victory with my own two hands!
Your second trial is picking three Max Mushrooms! Max Mushrooms are red with a spiral pattern. I'm pretty sure they grow in dark, humid places!
We're going to be doing some training by ourselves!
I wonder if Max Mushrooms grow in the Forest of Focus. Or maybe in the cave just past the forest?
Hm? I'll stay back and watch things from here. I failed the Slowpoke trial, after all.
Good luck out there! Thinking about Max Mushrooms gets me hungry... Uh, I mean—I'll be here cheering for you!
I'm going to take good care of that cute little Bulbasaur. Raise your Squirtle well!
I'm going to take good care of that cute little Squirtle. Raise your Bulbasaur well!
