To be pitted against the two of us from the outset spells certain tragedy for our opponents!
Shall I overwhelm them with my powerful psychic powers? Why yes, I think I shall!
Now now... I caution you not to make Avery pull a Teleport on you!
Shall we offer our next opponents a taste of deepest despair, then?
The true victory lies in winning with the utmost elegance.
Now is the time, Avery! We shall not let victory slip through our fingers!
So the first trick is just to rack up a win, right?
Seems like a great chance to show off just how toxic we can be!
Remember how I poured poison all over our last opponents? Yeah, I'm thinking I'll do that again!
Doesn't matter who we're up against! They'll all get a toxic dose of Klara and <var>!
Stand aside, <var>... I got this one!
We're gonna win this match... Ain't nobody gonna stop us!
The first step is the most important one! Let's make it a huge step!
So many Galarian stars in this tournament! This should be fun!
The next opponent looks strong, too! How exciting!
Don't hold back, dear <var>! Let's put on a show for them!
I can't imagine losing when I'm teamed up with you, <var>!
All right, this is the final boss, as they say! Let's do our best, <var>!
Can you imagine if we lost in the first match? Sounds downright embarrassin', eh, Chief?
All right! Time to go all in for victory, Chief <var>!
Hey, what match was this again? Might have lost track a bit...
My little Nia's watching, too. Papa can't afford to look bad now!
Right then, Chief! Let's wrap this up and seize that sweet, sweet victory!
Right! Let's do this!
Let's turn this match up to eleven... Really put on a show for the crowd!
Double Champions means we're going to have a doubly champion time! Starting now!
Whichever side has the greater passion for victory is the side that will win.
No need to be shy or nervous. Let's just do what we always do!
We're the best team in this tournament... I say it's time we prove it!
Nobody can defeat us when we're teamed up together, <var>!
I'll appreciate it if you do your best. That way, I can shine even brighter by comparison.
Pink is all well and good, I suppose, but I think I'll cover you in the color of Bede!
Please don't let your guard down just because you're the Champion.
You can leave this to me, you know. Just stand by and watch a master do his work.
I hope the victory celebrations are being prepared properly for us.
I will not settle for second place, understand? It would be a disgrace, especially when I'm with you.
Let's show 'em our teamwork!
We're gonna win this...together!
All my mates from Spikemuth are cheerin' us on!
Toss your Poké Ball on my mark, OK? Are you ready?
This is it... The last big match. Hey, d'you need me to cheer you on a bit?
I'm trustin' you, <var>!
In both battles and farming, it's the first soil you lay down that matters the most!
Well then, shall we get this haystack rolling, <var>?
Just battling with you seems to perk my Grass-type Pokémon right up!
I think you and I can harvest a victory from the second battle, too.
The two of us working together can tear out any opponent by the roots!
Let's make our teamwork blossom into a beautiful victory!
Let's direct the flow of this tournament our way by snagging one win for starters.
Don't worry. I won't let anyone sink our team!
That's it! We've got the tide on our side, so now all we need to do is go with the flow!
I'm at my best when I team up with you! It's like I'm a mermaid who's found water!
We've made it this far, so let's keep going to the finish line. Don't let your guard down!
Even if I have to flood this stadium and turn it into an ocean, I'll swim my way through!
Let's go, Champion! Time to set the stadium on fire!
This is the very first match, and I can already sense that sparks are going to fly! Watch out for burns!
Don't let our victory go to your head. The next opponent's going to be strong!
Hustle, hustle, hustle, <var>! You can do it, you can do it, Kabu! ...Sorry.
This is the final battle! Don't burn out until the very end!
We can win this! We can reach the top! We've got this, OK?
Well then, let's get this show on the road.
Hope you're ready to fling that Poké Ball.
Time for round two.
Don't worry 'bout me. I'll get nice and amped up once the battle starts.
I guess the top of the pile ain't a bad spot to aim for.
Let's give this crowd somethin' to cheer about!
Let's show them just how good we are, <var>!
Come on, <var>! Let's keep the crowd's eyes riveted on us!
Whoa! Almost got ready to throw out two Poké Balls. Force of habit!
I might change the weather, <var>! Don't hate on me if I do!
Galar will see soon enough which side is the better team!
The great Raihan is an unstoppable force, racking up victories! Don't get left behind!
The battle is about to start. Ready yourself.
Let's do our best together, hand in hand.
Let's keep our teamwork honed sharp for the second round.
The opponents won't be pushovers. Let's give them the battle they deserve!
This is the final battle. Let's make sure to have no regrets, whether we win or lose.
Our fists combined should be more than enough to punch through any wall standing in our way!
Don't worry—if things get too dicey, I'll back you up.
We're going to absolutely rock this crowd!
Whew! Doing a backflip takes quite a bit of focus, you know.
We're going to win this one, too. You got that, Champion?
Just battle like you always do. Victory will come naturally!
Let's grab first place for all our fans!
I-I'm ready...
S-so many people... I'm a bit scared, but I'll do my best!
C-come on, my Ghost-type Pokémon... Lend your strength to <var>!
I'm c-counting on you for this battle, too...
Th-this is it... I think we can do it!
Y-you can do it, <var>... I...I believe in you!
Come on, <var>! Let's win this, nice and cool!
Come on now! Back straight! Chin up! Yes, that's the posture of a Champion!
They may be all fired up for battle, but we'll freeze them solid—passion and all.
Now, which Pokémon do you think I should knock out first?
You and I, we can do this! One of them's all yours, love!
One more battle, and we've got this in the bag! We can do this together!
Let us show these plebeians our noble skills!
<var>, my liege! I swear on my honor—I will not fail you!
If it truly comes to it, you may use my splendid hair as a sword!
This next opponent will not cause us any trouble, I'm sure. We might even have time for tea!
If we win, I'll be sure to give my dear brother a full account of our marvelous deeds!
If we win this, it will be undeniable that we are the best team out there!
Let us show the crowd the power of true celebrities!
<var>, my liege! Allow me to prove my worth!
I hope that my hair shield will be enough to protect you...
This next opponent should be a piece of cake! I wish we could have a cup of tea to go with it.
Oh, my dear brother will be so jealous if we win this one!
With our celebrity powers combined, final triumph should be but a trifle!
First things first! Let's pick up some momentum!
Don't let the new Hop surprise you, mate! You can count on me!
We can't lose now! Time to bring out the full strength of our Pokémon!
It's time for the Postwick dream team to show people what we can do!
Scoring a win together would really make my day, mate! Let's do our best!
We can win this, mate! We can't lose now!
Let's turn this stadium pink, shall we?
I'd love to toss in a quiz or two, but... I guess this isn't the time.
Try to keep up, dear pink-lacking Champion.
I'll show everyone that they don't call me "the wizard" for nothing. And everyone includes you!
Oh, so they're our next opponents? This should be fun.
If we win this, I might just have to make a comeback...






