Back at the dojo, you were merely an eyesore— an obstruction blocking the spotlight I so rightfully deserved. Yet reaching this pinnacle alongside you fills me with a certain unexpected pride.
With your raw skill combined with my prodigious psychic powers, the idea that anyone should ever be able to defeat us is positively unimaginable!
Ahaha! You know, I really didn't like you at first, kid. But now that we've won this thing... I'm actually happy that I did it together with you!
Yes! Did it again! I can't get enough of this feeling! All you people watching, hope you like your double dose of our toxic teamwork!
Woo-hoo! Did you see that, <var>? We won—little old me and you together! I say if you have fun in life, you've already won! And nobody out there can beat us in that!
Ahhh, the sweet smell of victory! Never gets old, does it? Bet you all these big, flashy wins will have new students swarmin' to the dojo, too!
That's an ultra-mega-victory for the Peony Exploration Team on the books! Nothing's quite as satisfyin' as firin' off some mighty moves, is it, Chief?
Oops! Beat 'em all again, have we? Gahaha! You and me, Chief—we're just plain ultra-mega-unstoppable together!
Thanks, <var>! That's just the kind of fierce battle that gets everyone worked up! I'm proud to have won this thing together with you, Champion!
Typical <var>! That's just what I expected of you by now! It always gets me pumped up when I see how you seem to grow stronger with each battle. Together we're going to propel all the Trainers in the Galar region to even greater heights!
I suppose a win is a win, though it doesn't sit very well with me that I have to share this victory with you of all people...
This was the only outcome you could have expected with me as your partner, of course. So congratulations on choosing wisely.
<var>, we did it! We beat every single one of 'em!
I knew we could do it! You an' me are gonna win all there is to win! Everybody in Galar is gonna know that we're the strongest duo around!
That's just like you, <var>! All my Grass-type Pokémon are delighted with this first-place win!
Well done, <var>! That's our Champion! I always feel a bit stronger when I've got you at my side in a battle.
The waves have receded, and only you and I are left standing... Congratulations on this victory, <var>. And thank you for it.
The raging wave crashes again! As long as we're partnered up, I can't imagine any wave we couldn't ride together.
A fine performance, <var>! We've claimed victory here together! I could almost combust with joy, and I'm already looking forward to our next match together!
We burned brightly in this latest tournament as well! I thank you for choosing me to battle beside you once again, <var>!
Hey, winnin' with you's not bad. D'you think the crowd wants an encore? I wouldn't mind makin' an exception to my rule, just this once.
So we won again? I mean, sure, that's real nice and all. I'm happy. But I've had my time as a Gym Leader already. Winnin' too much now would be overkill, innit?
That was a great victory. Just right for keeping up my image as the great Raihan! Now, time for one great selfie to capture it! Smile already, <var>!
When you put the greatest Trainers together, the only thing they can't do is lose! At this rate, we might just end up making history. Come on, <var>! Strike a pose! We've got to capture this moment for the future!
We did it... We have won the tournament! I can stand tall knowing that we were able to give all that we had together in this fight.
We did it, <var>! Our breathing was more in sync than ever. If you'd like, we should battle alongside one another again sometime.
I enjoyed that tournament quite a bit. The way that you battled, <var>... That's what makes you worthy to be my partner.
Nothing surprising about this outcome, when you consider how strong the two of us are. If you want, I don't mind continuing to help you out with racking up these wins.
<var>! W...we won! Th-this is... This is amazing!
I...I'm so glad, <var>... I'd be happy to partner with you...anytime!
What a strong performance all around! This victory was a true team effort. Now, just remember—even if we're on opposite sides next time, don't you hold back one jot!
Hee! Looks like we went and won again! Seems like you might grow rather attached to having me as a partner if this carries on, hmm?
Quite what I've come to expect of you, my liege: seizing victory even while carrying my weight! Loath as I am to enjoy this thrill without my dear younger brother...I am delighted from my toes to the tip of my hair!
Well, well, well... I'm afraid it can no longer slip my notice! The way that you continue to choose me as your partner in victory... You've come to most ardently admire me, haven't you, young Masters. <var>?
How magnificent—seizing victory even while towing my humble self along for the ride! You, young Masters. <var>, deserve to be crowned Global Celebrity of the Year!
The way that you've chosen me to share in your victories time and again... Young Masters. <var>, are you perhaps the champion of being too fond of me? Forgive me, Older Brother, but only one of us can monopolize <var>'s favor— and it's me!
Being able to beat everyone else together with my rival <var>... I'm gonna ride this high to really crush my studies and become a great professor! Just you watch!
Getting to win this thing together with you, <var>—it's the best every time! And <var> seems to be on cloud nine, too, getting to battle alongside you! Heh heh... Thanks for giving us both this chance!
Congratulations, young manlady. Though teaming up with you always makes me put on a grander show than I'd planned. Still...I have to admit I had fun. You'd think I'd have outgrown this kind of thing by now! It seems I'm quite beyond help in that regard.
Congratulations are in order...or are they indeed, young manlady? Are you sure this is what you want—sharing the spotlight of victory with an old crone like me? Oh, you are, are you? Hmph... Perhaps you're starting to get a bit pink yourself, after all...
<var>! Hop!
<var>! Marnie!
I offer you my heartfelt congratulations on your victory in the Galarian Star Tournament!
I set up this tournament so that Trainers could work together and push each other to greater heights as they battle...
And it's turned out to be an even greater success than I ever thought it would be!
You were amazing!
Thank you! Both of you! Our new Champion and our old one!
All the matches were brilliant!
You hear that? The voices of Galar... The excitement we brought all those people...
They can't help but be moved by that fantastic performance you two just put on! Their hearts are crying out for more!
And this glorious tournament that's brought so much fire to the people of Galar... Well, its time is up. We have our clear winners.
Though it's an awful shame to have to end it, after all the fun it's been...
Which is why...
I'm pleased to announce that the Galarian Star Tournament will continue from this day on!
Whoaaa! Whaaaat?!
You mean there'll be more matches?! That's the best news we've had all year!
You can have as many tournaments in this Multi Battle format as you can stomach!
If you want, you can stick with the same partner next time—or try something different!
We'll get all the strongest Trainers in the Galar region into this wild mix...
And we'll run wild next time! And the next! And every time after that!
As long as Trainers and Pokémon keep aiming for the top together!
As long as our fans want to watch our battles, their hands sweaty with nerves and excitement!
We'll go on for a thousand years! We'll carry on forever!
So, everyone! Until we next meet!
Now let's have the Maximizers play us off!
Shauuu!
Woo-hoo! All right!
