There you are, <var>, Klara. Thanks for coming!
There you are, <var>, Avery. Thanks for coming!
Sooo...what's this all about, Master? What did you want to tell us?
When I heard you had something to tell me, I came as soon as I could, Master.
Right! Well, I've decided that you two...
will now take the Master Dojo's...
final...last...ultimate...third trial!
The final...last...ultimate...third trial?!
A final...last...ultimate...third trial, you say?
Final?
Last?
Ultimate?
Third trial?
What's that?
Uh...so basically this is the last trial?
So are you saying that this would be the last trial?
Ah, well, yes. That's the gist of it.
You two are the only ones who successfully finished the second trial!
You two are the only ones who successfully finished the second trial!
You've pushed each other to greater heights and helped each other grow.
So I'd say it's time to finally see who is stronger... in a Dynamax Pokémon battle!
We're going to battle? That's the last trial?
We are to battle one another? That is the last trial?
Yep! The rules are simple. Whoever wins will complete the trial!
The winner will be granted the secret armor of the Master Dojo!
This is it... Finally...
This is it... At last...
But can I...?
Can I really...?
The battle will be held in the Battle Court behind the Master Dojo!
The court is a Power Spot, so you can Dynamax to your heart's content.
I-I've gotta get going!
I-I must make haste!
I need to go there right away to prepare my pure heart for this!
I must make for the Battle Court, posthaste! I must meditate on my upcoming victory!
I'm going on ahead, 'K?
A good day to you, then. I'll be on my way.
You can laze about like a Slowpoke and take as much time as you need!
Feel free to take it easy like a Slowpoke, and take all the time you need to get ready!
...
Klara... She's got talent—that's for sure—but it's caused her to slack off.
Avery... He's got talent—that's for sure—but it's caused him to slack off.
She's never felt the need to try hard at anything, I guess.
He's never felt the need to try hard at anything, I guess.
Even with her training here at the dojo, I can tell she's been doing just the bare minimum.
Even with his training here at the dojo, I can tell he's been doing just the bare minimum.
But things have changed since you arrived, <var>.
But things have changed since you arrived, <var>.
Maybe you've helped awaken some sort of passion and drive in her, eh?
Maybe you've helped awaken some sort of passion and drive in him, eh?
Still...I only hope that motivation isn't put toward anything mischievous.
Still...I only hope that motivation isn't put toward anything mischievous.
Remember—head to the Battle Court behind the dojo when you're ready!
Only one more trial, and you'll get the secret armor!
Hee hee. Klara seems positively bursting with energy, doesn't she?
Hee hee. Avery seems positively bursting with energy, doesn't he?
The Battle Court is through the door in the dojo!
A battle with Klara... You should stay on your guard.
A battle with Avery... You should stay on your guard.
Fellow students settling their rivalry in a battle! Which side should I cheer on?
Good luck on your last trial. Everyone will be cheering you on!
Klara ran toward the Battle Court like she had something really important to do.
Avery ran toward the Battle Court like he had something really important to do.
All right! This is my chance to see Dynamax Pokémon up close!
Hehehe... Finally time for a proper battle... If we'd been doing this kind of training from the start, I would've made it to the final trial.
Wow! A one-on-one battle with Klara? How exciting!
Wow! A one-on-one battle with Avery? How exciting!
In battles, there's always a winner, which means there's always got to be a loser, too... Oh? Sorry. Don't mind me! Just talking to myself!
