Aha! Here you are!
This poky little place will be our lodgings!
But as of this moment, it's also somethin' far more important—our base camp!
I know, I know. Not much of a base camp, is it? Still, we've got to give it a proper air of importance, haven't we?
Now, enough faffin' about, <var>! Let me tell you what the Peony Exploration Team is after!
Round here, they've got a fair few strange and mysterious legends!
FOR EXAMPLE!
A huge-headed Pokémon known as the King of Bountiful Harvests!
NOT TO MENTION!
A massive red tree where legendary flyin' Pokémon gather!
AND FURTHERMORE!
These great, hulkin' dot-faced giants that sleep in some ruins or somethin'!
ET CETERA!
See what I mean? This place is just burstin' with juicy legends!
And we're not stoppin' until we've found just how much truth they've got to 'em!
And there you have it! We are the Peony Exploration Team...
and that is our grand, noble, magnificent goal!
Course, if I had my way, I'd be doin' this with my darlin' Nia...
But who knows? They say even Chansey meetings can lead to Blissey-ful friendships!
So here's to a grand adventure, Expedition Chief <var>!
Chief?
Who, me?
Obviously!
Look... What do you think would happen if the two of us went gallivantin' off together?
My dear Nia could come along for a grand, emotional reunion...and find this place empty!
Just the thought of it... My own darlin' daughter, sittin' alone in this room, pinin' for her papa...
Gaaah! Nope, not on my watch! I'd never let that happen!
So I'll be the hold-down-the-fort chief!
Which means you get the pleasure of bein' the expedition chief! Gahaha!
Which brings me to...this! Go on—have it!
You got an Expedition Uniform!
Gahaha! Look at that. Fits you like a glove!
I brought some spare uniforms so my dear Nia would have a few to change into. So there's enough to give you one!
And if you ever need to change or have a kip, by all means...
just head into the bedroom back here!
I've got some different-colored scarves in there, so switch it up if you fancy a bit of style!
Here—have these, too!
They're Legendary Clues I've meticulously compiled from hours of dedicated telly watchin'!
First off, why not have a look at that clue about the King of Bountiful Harvests?
Seems like this king's bonds with its loyal steed— or whatever you call it—run proper deep! So if I had to name this expedition, I'd call it...
There's a great, big statue of it bang in the middle of the village! Though its head isn't as massive as in my notes...
Do you want to change back into your usual clothes?
All set! Time to investigate the legends surrounding the Crown Tundra!
No need to change! Time to investigate the legends surrounding the Crown Tundra!
Aha! I've just had an idea. Here's a little somethin' to help you out!
This is supposed to be one ultra-mega-corker of a ball! Use it wherever you think you ought to!
I got it ages ago from somebody I used to know. Never could bring myself to use it, though...
If you ever get a bit turned around, come on back to base camp anytime!
You can't miss it—just look for the adventurin'- crew flag I stuck out front! Handmade by yours truly!
Anyway, I suppose that's that! Let the grand adventure begin! Have a smashin' time out there!
