Crow-row. Crrrrrown.
Hmmm? Oh, hey there, Chief! I had a feelin' someone called me. Was it you?
Huh?
Mlerrrgh...
Human child! Were you able to find something out about my loyal steed?
Ah, that is unfortunate... Should you find out anything, I ask that you let me know.
You say you found out about something that my loyal steed could not resist?!
It has been so long since we rode together that I had completely forgotten...
With this information, we may be able to lure my loyal steed to me yet! So tell me—what is it that my loyal steed would find so irresistible?
The Reins of Unity
Carrots
The Freezington Snow Samba
The Freezington's Fame shirt
Never mind—I don't know...
Hmm... The Reins of Unity, you say? 'Tis true that they would help me regain the link with my loyal steed, but it has been many years since the humans made a new set of reins for me. I doubt we shall be able to obtain them now.
The...Freezington Snow Samba? I did see the villagers performing a strange dance some years ago, but it was hardly irresistible. In fact, I imagine even a Greedent would lose its appetite after one look at such an odd display.
Ah yes. The garment with my image on it. I suspect that even a poor facsimile of my visage would be enough to send my loyal steed running. Its loyalty is not what it used to be...
Oho! Carrots, you say!
Yes, yes, I remember now... Even back when we were together, it would leap at any chance to eat some kind of crop. It took everything I had to restrain it!
Looking back, the crop must have been carrots! I am in your debt, human child!
What we must do now is clear. If we are able to find carrots somewhere, it should be but a trifle to lure my loyal steed back to me!
I wonder... Do the humans of the village grow any carrots?
If we could obtain even a single seed, I could grow a carrot from it myself...
I wonder... Do the humans of the village grow any carrots? If we could obtain even a single seed, I could grow a carrot from it myself...
We don't grow carrots in this village anymore. It's a shame...

I've got plenty of potatoes back home, but I haven't seen carrots in a long time. Still, I'm sure somebody has some seeds, at least.
The Crown Tundra used to be well-known for the two types of carrots that were grown here. We don't grow them anymore, though.
Iceroot Carrots, cold as ice. ♪ Munched all up by the bully in white. ♪ Shaderoot Carrots, dark as doom. ♪ Crunched by the bully with a ghostly gloom. ♪
I love it when Nan sings to me!
Was there perhaps anything else you discovered information about?
