Woo-hoo! Are you ready for another battle with little old me?
Oh, don't leave me hanging like this! I'm just itching for a battle!
Heh heh heh! That's what I want to hear! Then let's mosey on over to the battleground!
You know, I've been thinking more and more these days...
about how fortunate we were to have you join the dojo...
even if it was by mistake at first!
I can't thank you enough, <var>!
It's been a while since I've been so excited! I can feel my blood burning and my heart just dancing with anticipation!
I just can't resist a battle against a worthy opponent—no matter how old I get!
Now then...
Let's get things going! This is the most fun time in the world!
Fuhaha! I held absolutely nothing back, and yet you still defeated me!
The apprentice surpasses hiser master... A true moment of pride for the master! You deserve a very special League Card from me!
It seems I will have to redo my own training from scratch!
Oh, darling! Did I hear right? You actually lost?!
Ah, so you all came!
You know I can't resist seeing you get all serious about battle, you cheeky thing! You look utterly dashing, darling!
Oh! But look at me getting all distracted... You were amazing, <var>!
Looks like we'll need to have some Max Soup tonight to celebrate!
Well, I'm not surprised one bit, <var>. I knew you'd win!
I knew you weren't just a new student! I think I'll call you Master Newbie from now on!
And you were fabulous, too, <var>!
Uraaa!
Bearmor!
Um, <var>...
*ahem* <var>...
I-I just...well... I guess I should congratulate you...
Well, um, how should I put this...? I thought mayhap I should offer my congratulations...
But I won't! Why should I celebrate anything you do, huh?!
But I won't! Honestly, I don't see why I should celebrate anything!
Still, that cleared up a lot!
I will admit...I do feel a bit better.
You're strong enough to beat the master going all out! I never stood a chance!
I couldn't hold a candle to a Trainer who defeated the master at his full strength!
But the next time I face you...
But when next we meet on the field of battle...
I'll take you on fair and square! And I won't lose... You'll see!
it will be I who takes the victory...in a fair fight, no less!
I don't think I'll lose!
Are you sure?
Agh! You're downright infuriating—you know that? Almost as bad as I am!
Y-you've got quite the attitude! Though maybe it's not as bad as mine...
Well, at least she's aware of her own flaws...
Well, at least he's aware of his own flaws...
Well, that wraps up the last of the training here at the Master Dojo!
Oh, back to normal, huh, Master?
Oh, Master, I see you're back to normal.
<var>!
I hope you'll come by and have more battles with me from time to time. It'll make us both stronger!
Just so we're ready for when the time comes...
Heh heh! Oh, don't worry! You'll find out what I'm talking about eventually!
Aaanyway, let's all head back, shall we? Like one big family!
Yeah!

Wow, you're eager to get the battle started! Come on, though—have a chat with me first!
So, you're the new Champion that beat Leon?! No wonder you're so strong, <var>...
I've noticed Klara sneaking off somewhere these days. She always comes back covered in sand. I wonder what she's up to.
I've noticed Avery sneaking off somewhere these days. He always comes back covered in sand. I wonder what he's up to.
I've been told that it was Master Mustard who gave this island the name "Isle of Armor."
You know those digging people you run into from time to time here on the Isle of Armor? I wonder what they're all about...
There's a chance you'll run into a Chansey around here. If you do, consider yourself lucky! You can get tons of Exp. Points!
I never would've guessed you're the new Champion! What do you say? Why not team up with me so we can make lots of money?
That guy on soup duty... He's up late at night, studying the path of soup! This is a dojo where people train to get stronger, but I guess it's OK if soup has become his passion!
Is it true that Leon's retired from being Champion?! And the new Champion's standing right here... That's too much news for me to handle!
What do you seek—strength or having fun? It doesn't matter, really. You'll find both with Pokémon.
Did you know that Master Mustard was the Champion back in the day?! What's he doing running a dojo on this little island?
