Oi oi, Chief! Got something legendary to show me?
Have a look!
Let's battle!
Never mind
Aha, changed your mind? Fair enough!
What've you got for me?
Hold the phone, Chief. You haven't got any Legendary Pokémon with you! Gahaha! It happens!
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
Never mind
Oh? Don't feel like showing me anything legendary after all? Gahaha! It happens!
Aha! That's Mewtwo, the ferocious Pokémon created through genetic manipulation, isn't it? Its face is a bit on the pale side... Seems docile for the most part, though! It might not have the friendliest-lookin' mug, but I'll bet you it's a decent sort on the inside!
Oho, here it is! Our imposter Articuno! I always wonder what it's thinkin' in there behind that dodgy mask... D'you get the feelin' it's lookin' down its beak at us? Maybe it's my imagination.
Whoa! It's our imposter Articuno, only without that dodgy mask! Bet you it gets a lot more fans with those sharp, bright eyes out in the open, eh? Hang on, though—has it gotten chilly in here? Did a blizzard blow in or somethin'?
Oho, here it is! Our imposter Zapdos! Seems like it's done its best to be jagged and spiky and make its beak nice and sharp. It really wants to be a proper Zapdos! Full marks for effort!
Whoa! Looks like you'd get a massive jolt if you laid a finger on this one! Our imposter Zapdos must've gotten some static electricity in the old feathers! Static builds up somethin' fierce when the air gets cold and dry, doesn't it?
Oho, here it is! Our imposter Moltres! It may look a bit like it's ablaze, but it's barely lukewarm! That ultra-mega-feisty look in its eyes actually makes me feel like we'd get on all right.
Whoa! Now those are some serious flames! Hey, imposter Moltres! Have you got a fever or somethin'? You get some rest, hear me? Take care of yourself!
So this is the Legendary Pokémon Ho-Oh, eh? The one with rainbow-colored wings? There's red for sure. Some white, some yellow... A few hues short of a rainbow, though, isn't it? Oh well. I'd hate to crush all your dreams, so I'll take your word on it, Chief!
So this is the Legendary Pokémon Lugia, eh? The one they call the guardian of the seas? And yet it's a Flying type! Fancy that—being able to swim and fly! What CAN'T it do? I've heard they've got these sportin' events called Pokéathlons in this one far-off region... Bet you Lugia would be brilliant in those!
So this is Raikou, the Pokémon they say descended with a bolt of lightnin'? That must've been a pretty rough ride, eh, mate? No wonder the mane on your back's gone all curly.
So this is Entei, the Pokémon they say was born from a volcanic eruption? Born from a volcano? Yeah, sure! Pull the other one; it's got bells on! So you're sayin' its old man's a volcano? Or what—is its mum a volcano?
Wow! That's a beautiful Pokémon, that is! Is that Suicune? It's dead cool how that horn thing on its head sort of makes a loop! I wonder, though... How's it supposed to roll over when it wants to sleep on the other side? I bet it's got a rough time sleepin' in general. You all right, Suicune? Gettin' your eight hours?
Whoa! Is that Groudon? The Pokémon they call the personification of land?! If the stories about how it sleeps in magma are true...that's brilliant! I'm a regular at the sauna, so I get where it's coming from! Bet it gets a nice spring in its step after a kip in that magma!
Whoa! Is that Kyogre? The Pokémon they say created the seas?! If the ocean's the mother of all life...and Kyogre's the mother of the ocean... Should we all be callin' Kyogre our nan?! Listen up, Chief... You better be nice and gentle with that Kyogre!
Huh? Rayquaza? Isn't it supposed to live way up high in the ozone layer? Sounds like some serious high-altitude trainin'! It must be one dedicated athlete! Well, it's sure got a tough enough look on its face! I dunno what your sport is, Rayquaza, but keep it up!
So this is Latias, a Pokémon that can read people's minds usin' telepathy... It's got a right cute little face for such a powerful Pokémon, hasn't it? All right, mate, let's see what you can do! What am I thinkin' right now? Wait, nope—cancel that! That's a terrifyin' idea, now that I think about it!
So Latios is supposed to be so dead smart, it can understand human speech? That's brilliant if it's true, but I dunno if I believe it... It's a lot to swallow! Hey, Latios, mate. You're sorta like a big brother to Latias, right? Well, listen. You be a proper big brother and be good to Latias. Got it?
Aha, here's our little rock giant! Gahaha! Sorry to tease, mate. Just having a laugh. Don't you worry, rock giant—my respect for you's as thick as those broad shoulders! Keep up the good work, my fine rugged friend!
Aha, here's our little ice giant! Gahaha! Sorry to tease, mate. Just having a laugh. Don't you worry, ice giant—I can see the might of your massiveness as clear as my reflection on you! Keep up the good work, my fine frozen friend!
Aha, here's our little steel giant! Gahaha! Sorry to tease, mate. Just having a laugh. Don't you worry, steel giant—your bowling-ball bod gets full marks from me! A perfect strike! Keep up the good work, my fine smooth friend!
So this is Dialga? The Pokémon that controls time? Well, if that's not just talk...think it could give me a cheeky rewind whenever I make my darlin' Nia mad? That aside...has this thing got a bangin' cry or what?!
So this is Palkia? The Pokémon that controls space? Well, if that's not just talk...I'd sure love it if I could catch up to my dear Peonia instantly when she runs off! Just sayin'! That aside...has this thing got a bangin' cry or what?!
So this is Giratina? A Pokémon that lives in a world on the reverse side of ours? It must've taken ages to get here from clear around the planet! Go on—plop down and have a rest, mate! Then again, looks like it'd be a speedy flier. Maybe a trip like that's a doddle for Giratina!
Uxie, eh? The Pokémon that governs knowledge and intelligence? Brilliant! I might have a few tiny gaps in the brains department... Maybe it could front me some smarts! Please and thank you kindly, O wise and generous Uxie! Hey, what do you know? I feel brainier already! Gahaha!
Mesprit, eh? The Pokémon that brought people emotions? I'll admit I can get a tad caught up in my own passions now and then... Maybe Mesprit brought me a little too much?! Nah, just having a bit of fun! I may get happier or sadder than other folks... but that just means I'm makin' the most of life!
Azelf, eh? The Pokémon that gives people the willpower to get through sticky situations? Maybe if I had one of these around, I'd be better at draggin' myself out of bed or cleanin' up around the house! Sounds like every home needs an Azelf! I've got to catch myself one!
Heatran, the Lava Dome Pokémon? Hmm... That stout, plump frame... That cheeky look on its face... What an ultra-mega-lovable Pokémon! Where'd you find this treasure? Forget legends—I'd like to have one just to carry around!
Whoa! Is that the boss of the legendary giants?! It's gigantic enough—that's for sure! One gianty giant! With all these dots, though, I've got no idea which ones are actually eyes. Where's a bloke supposed to look when he's talkin' to this one?
Aha, it's Cresselia! The Pokémon that represents the crescent moon! Pretty, isn't it? Those archy bits on its back look pretty stiff though, don't they? How's the poor thing supposed to sleep on its side? Can it even turn over in bed? I worry about you, Cresselia...
Whoa! Is that Pokémon's tail on fire?! Wait—come again? They say this Pokémon could scorch the world? Well, don't you look calm for someone carryin' around a potent Pokémon like that, Chief? That takes backbone, that does! Just watch out you don't get burned!
Whoa! That Pokémon's cracklin' with electricity! Wait—come again? They say this Pokémon could blast the world with lightnin'? Well, don't you look calm for someone carryin' around a mighty Pokémon like that, Chief? That takes backbone, that does! Just watch out you don't get zapped!
Fwhoo! Brrr! I was wonderin' why it got freezin' cold all of a sudden. Guess it's your work, Kyurem! Aren't you the silly one, gettin' frozen by your own cold air! That's a bit of an odd bod though, innit? Looks a little like there's places to stick bits on and take 'em off... Whoops, that was rude of me! Sorry about that, Kyurem!



Wait, wait, wait! You're tellin' me that's a Legendary Pokémon?! That mug's a dead ringer for my grumpy old neighbor! So that's Tornadus, the Cyclone Pokémon, eh? Well, I guess my neighbor doesn't stir up winds that can blow houses away...
Wait, wait, wait! You're tellin' me that's a Legendary Pokémon?! That mug's a dead ringer for my grumpy old neighbor! So that's Thundurus, the Bolt Strike Pokémon? Well, I guess my neighbor doesn't zoom through the sky, droppin' lightning everywhere...
Wait, wait, wait! You're tellin' me that's a Legendary Pokémon?! That mug's a dead ringer for my grumpy old neighbor! So that's Landorus, the Abundance Pokémon? Think it's tryin' to steal the King of Bountiful Harvests' thunder a bit? They say this fella gives evildoers a thrashin', right? That bit's just like my neighbor, too!
That's the Life Pokémon, Xerneas? The one that can share eternal life?! That's brilliant and all, but what's REALLY brilliant is that set of antlers! Those things are ultra-mega-splendid...but they seem like they'd keep Xerneas from turnin' over in bed. Is livin' forever even worth it if you can't get a good kip in at night?
That's the Destruction Pokémon, Yveltal? The one that absorbs the life-force of livin' things?! Looks a bit like the letter Y, doesn't it? Well, I'd sure like to know "why" Yveltal goes around absorbin' life-force like that! You can't go stealin' a bloke's life-force without so much as a how-d'you-do!
So this is Zygarde, a Pokémon made up of lots of little cells gathered together... Just goes to show how little bits here and there add up! Makes you more than the sum of your pants, or however that sayin' goes! Take me, for instance—I get my daily workouts in, and those add up to keep years off this old bloke's bod! Zygarde's right clever to have that principle worked out!
It's Solgaleo, the Sunne Pokémon! It practically roars "sun," doesn't it? Can it really make the darkest of nights light up like midday? That's pretty cheeky! Sounds like it'd be a great help on those nights you just don't want to head home yet, though! Eh? It comes from another world, too?! That's one fired-up Pokémon!
It's Lunala, the Moone Pokémon! It practically howls "moon," doesn't it? Can it really make it dark as night even in the full bright of day? That's pretty cheeky! Sounds like it'd be a great help on those mornings you need a bit more kip, though! Eh? It comes from another world, too?! That's one fired-up Pokémon!
So this one's Necrozma, the Prism Pokémon? Looks pretty dark and...un-prism-y, eh? What?! It came from another world, lookin' for light? Sounds like you just need to get more time out in the sun, Necrozma, mate! Chin up—you'll be sparklin' with energy in no time! The picture of prismatic health!
Nihilego, eh? The Parasite Pokémon? Whoa! Looks soft and floaty as a dream! Just think how cozy you'd be, havin' one to rest your head on like a pillow! Y'know, Chief, you did take that lovely pillow I found before... Come on—let me have Nihilego wrap nice and gentle around my noggin for a bit! It's only fair!
Gahaha! Just look at the muscles on Buzzwole! That's one Swollen Pokémon, all right! I don't mind sayin' I'm stronger than most, but I've got to bow down to your brawn, mate! You and me, Buzzwole—we ought to go get a few reps in sometime! I'll spot you!
Pheromosa, eh? The Lissome Pokémon? Seems ultra-mega-refined! That's a Pokémon with class! Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Pheromosa! What do you say to a handshake? ... ... ... ... ... ... That...might've been the coldest shoulder I've ever got. Did I do somethin' wrong, Chief?
It's Xurkitree, the Glowing Pokémon! What's it playin' at, being so pointy?! Looks a bit like it's got plugs on its limbs... Does it light up if you plug it into a socket? I bet it'd look smashin'! Actually...cancel that. Just the thought of the electric bill I'd get gives me the shivers.
What? Kartana, the Drawn Sword Pokémon? Sure, Chief—pull the other one! I know a piece of origami when I see one. Whoever made this has got an eye for detail, though. There's serious care in this foldin'! Keep an eye on that—it'd be a right shame if it got blown away in the wind or put through the wash!
Gwaaah! That thing's MASSIVE! Whoops...sorry to shout. Got a bit carried away from the shock! That's Celesteela, the Launch Pokémon, eh? And it flies around superfast by firin' flammable gas from those arms? I can't think of more to say about that than... absolutely wicked! Gotta say though, Chief...the odd ones sure seem to take a shine to you, don't they?
Guzzlord, the Junkivore Pokémon? Couldn't have named it better. Look at it go, chowin' down on that rubbish! Good for you, you great gourmand! No one could call you a fussy eater! Chief, if you've ever got some rubbish you can't be bothered to bin, toss that one a treat!
So this Poipole's a Poison Pin Pokémon that came from another world? Guess it's got a bit of an unusual face, but it doesn't look that different from the type of thing I could find in tall grass around here... Gwaaah! Did those needles on its noggin just spray out poison?! Whatever world it came from must be wild!
So this Naganadel's a Poison Pin Pokémon that came from another world? That massive pointy needle sure looks ultra-mega-strong, all right! But, er...how's it meant to kip with those three needles pokin' out of its backside? You all right, Naganadel, mate? You gettin' enough sleep there?
The Rampart Pokémon, Stakataka! That's one mysterious life-form, all right! Look how many little blocks make up this one Pokémon. They're just the right size for a pillow too, eh? Wonder if it'd let me have one... Oops! Guess not! Fair enough—losin' part of your body's no fun! Come to think of it... How many blocks would it have to lose to not be a Stakataka anymore?
The Fireworks Pokémon, Blacephalon! That's one mysterious life-form, all right! It's a funny one to look at with all that wigglin', isn't it? Bit less funny to get so desperate you blow up your own noggin, though! Gettin' the drop on someone's great and all, but don't lose your head over it, eh?
Who's this rockin' the mohawk, Chief? Friend of yours? What? It's Tapu Koko, a Land Spirit Pokémon that's the guardian deity of some island?! Hm! Sneakin' in a bit of undercover travel, is it? Well, not far under cover with that ultra-mega-flash hairdo stickin' out! Maybe I ought to try out a mohawk if I ever get tired of the ol' buzz cut!
Who's this rockin' the perm, Chief? Friend of yours? What? It's Tapu Lele, a Land Spirit Pokémon that's the guardian deity of some island?! Hm! Sneakin' in a bit of undercover travel, is it? Bit small for that, though. Bet its papa's worried! Guess its family believes in lettin' its little ones find their own way...
Who's this rockin' the horns, Chief? Friend of yours? Oh, it's Tapu Bulu, a Land Spirit Pokémon that's the guardian deity of some island?! Hm! Sneakin' in a bit of undercover travel, is it? Sure looks pleased enough with itself... It...has noticed its horns have poked right through its hat, hasn't it? Part of me thinks I ought to let it know... but maybe that's my lack of tact talkin'.
Who's this rockin' the eyelashes, Chief? Friend of yours? Oh, it's Tapu Fini, a Land Spirit Pokémon that's the guardian deity of some island?! Hm! Sneakin' in a bit of undercover travel, is it? Hang on... Is it me, or is there loads more moisture in the air all of a sudden? My throat's feelin' great now! Cheers, Tapu Fini! They ought to make you the guardian deity of humidifyin' too!

Aha, here's our little electric giant! Gahaha! Sorry to tease, mate. Just having a laugh. Don't you worry, electric giant—when I say you look like a great, bright piece of candy, I mean it in the best way! Keep up the good work, my fine crackly friend!
Aha, here's our little dragon giant! Gahaha! Sorry to tease, mate. Just having a laugh. Don't you worry, dragon giant—I've got great respect for clothespins, and you look like the greatest of all! Keep up the good work, my fine pinchy friend!
So this is Glastrier? The King of Bountiful Harvests' Wild Horse Pokémon? Seems like it's quit bein' its old bullyin' self and is actually bein' loyal to the king! If I went for a ride on that thing, it might make my legs nice and cool, but I bet I'd get a bit queasy! The King of Bountiful Harvests must have some leg-endary leg strength to stay astride this one!
So this is Spectrier? The King of Bountiful Harvests' Swift Horse Pokémon? Seems like it's quit bein' its old bullyin' self and is actually bein' loyal to the king! I get the feelin' if I went for a ride on that thing, it'd whisk me off to who-knows-where! Bit scary, I don't mind sayin'! The king's got to have some legendary guts to ride around on this one all the time!
Oi oi! As grand a noggin as ever, eh? That's our King of Bountiful Harvests, isn't it? The one callin' the shots around here! It's a dead ringer for the statue in Freezington! Hm... Y'know, when I get a good look at it...that head of yours sure looks like my lovely pillow!
Oho! Calyrex, the King of Bountiful Harvests! It sure does look just like the legends say, ridin' majestically up on that loyal steed! I've got an odd feelin'...like I met it somewhere before you caught it, Chief... But no matter how hard I think about it, I'm just drawin' a blank! Huh... Did you hear a little voice say "thank you" just now? Or am I hearin' things?
All right! Let's go a round, then! Get ultra-mega-ready, Chief!
Gahaha! That's why you're the chief, Chief! Mighty strong Pokémon you've got! Copperajah and the rest look ultra-mega- pleased that they got a chance to cut loose, too!
Ha! Chalk another one up for me! Nothin' feels as ultra-mega-great as leadin' your own Pokémon in battle, does it? That's why those Dynamax Adventures are so tough by comparison!
Come on now, Chief! We've already had us a battle today! I've got to let my Pokémon rest up a bit! Try me again tomorrow!
Huh?!
You actually caught a Pokémon by usin' that mysterious clue?!
Let me have a look, would you?
That's that, anyway... Chief, mind lettin' me see that Legendary Clue?
Gaaahahaha! I didn't write this clue, Chief...but let's not let that stop the fun!
Erm...excuse me! Where did you find that paper, exactly?!
Chief Peony dropped it...
It was at our base camp...
That's actually from my notes. I wonder how this could have happened...
Gahahaaa! Haven't got a single shred of an idea!
Indeed, sir. I imagine you haven't.
Anyway, I'm quite relieved that you found that paper.
Not to mention that you've caught Necrozma— the one responsible for that Ultra Wormhole.
Please accept this with my thanks as a reward for your cooperation in my research.
Oh, and no need to worry about returning the paper. I've got another copy.
I've got to hand it to you, Chief! Only you could track down and catch a thing like that with just a single photo to go on!
Still, I've got to say... Feels like we've come to the end of a chapter or somethin', doesn't it?
You look ready to keep on goin' for a while yet, though!
Go on then, Chief! Can't wait to hear about all the exploits and adventures you get up to from here on out!
I don't think that's the Pokémon from the mysterious clue, Chief! Keep a sharp eye—the game's still afoot!
Hmm. This Pokémon certainly looks like the one from that mysterious clue. I'll give you that... But somethin' tells me this Pokémon didn't come from this lair! I know it's got to be a pain, Chief, but keep searchin'! Slow and steady and all that!



