
Would you like to embark upon a Dynamax Adventure?
Yes, please!
How does this work again?
No, thanks
According to my notes, it seems you might know how to find certain special Pokémon. Which Pokémon would you like to set out to find today?
According to my records, you've previously caught <var>. Isn't that right? You won't be able to catch it again, even if you find it once more. Would you still like to embark on this adventure?
My records indicate that last time you went on an adventure, you found <var>. I noted where you found it, so you can try to take on <var> once more. What would you like to look for this time?
<var>
Anything is fine
To take part in a Dynamax Adventure and explore the Max Lair here, you will need to use one of our rental Pokémon.
You and three other Trainers will work together as a group, coming to a consensus to decide which path to take. Make your way in as far as you can, in the hopes of reaching the Legendary Pokémon that lurk in the furthest depths, Dynamaxed and waiting!

If you go on a Dynamax Adventure, I will provide you with Dynite Ore as a reward. I'll also allow you to keep one—just one—of the Pokémon you catch along the way.
Oh, you quit your last Dynamax Adventure without finishing it, didn't you? It's not really fair to your teammates to hang them out to dry like that. Try to stick it out next time!
It seems that you keep quitting your Dynamax Adventures midway through... That sort of thing is hard on your teammates. Before I let you join another team, I'm going to ask that you give me <var> pieces of Dynite Ore to show that you're serious. Can you do that?
Until you can prove your dedication, you can't take part in any more Dynamax Adventures.
You don't have enough Dynite Ore.
You can collect Dynite Ore by taking part in Max Raid Battles in the Crown Tundra.
Try to make sure that you see your future Dynamax Adventures through to the end.
Well done defeating that tough opponent! I hope we'll see you again soon.
Well done facing such a tough opponent! Victory seemed so close—I could almost taste it!
Would you like me to jot down where you found <var> this time so that you might challenge it again?
Oh dear, it looks as though I've run out of space for any more notes here... Are there any older records you wouldn't mind me erasing?
In that case, I simply won't mark down where you found <var> this time.
Very well. Then I'll scrub out <var> here and jot down <var> instead.
There we go! All nice and properly noted for the future!
I look forward to working with you again soon!
Oh, that's a bit of a letdown, isn't it? I hope you'll come and give it another go soon!
Welcome back. Would you like us to keep a record of where you found <var> this time?
Roger that! I'll write it down for you.
Then I won't bother keeping my notes about where you found <var>.
Hm? Oh. You, huh? I appreciate the hello, but you're not ready yet for what I've got to offer. Try me again when you've got some more of these Dynamax Adventures under your belt.
So...how about it? You like Dynamax Adventures?
Course you do, clever ladss! You've taken on loads of 'em, after all!
Hmph... Have it your way, then...
For someone as skilled at Dynamax Adventures as you are, I've thought up a little something special: an Endless Dynamax Adventure. What do you say? You interested?
You want to give an Endless Dynamax Adventure a go, friend?
What's my record?
An Endless Dynamax Adventure is just what it sounds like: endless! Even after you defeat one of the special Pokémon that lie within, you can keep going onward to see how far you can push yourself!
All the Pokémon you catch in this mode'll be going toward my research, I'm afraid, so I won't be letting you keep any after the fact. But in return, I'll load you up with even more Dynite Ore than you usually get.
And of course we'll keep records of how far you make it, so try to push yourself to your limits, together with your mates!
Let me know whenever you're up for a challenge.
Now THAT is what I call a fine performance! You set a new record! I keep track, you know.
I'll keep a record of how far you made it this time, so let me know if you want to try to best it sometime.
Here it is. Your best record so far is...
Keep it up if you hope to do even better.

Oh, hey! It's you, <var>! Listen—I've found <var> down in the Max Lair!
If you like, I'll tell you where <var> is in exchange for <var> pieces of Dynite Ore!
Wait a sec—you've got loads of Pokémon locations written down already! Better clear one out, hadn't you?
Wait a sec, <var>— you've already caught <var>! I can show you where to find <var> for <var> pieces of Dynite Ore if you like— you just won't be able to catch it! Sound OK?
Peonia told you where to find <var>!
Hang on, <var>. Bit short on Dynite Ore, aren't you?
Hmm... Well, gosh, I feel like taking pity on you this time! Just this once, I'll give you the scoop for free!
Oh, wait, <var>... You already know where <var> is!
Are you absolutely certain? Don't come crying to me if you regret it later!
You can kick things off by talking to that scientist lady. Go get 'em!
Oh, hey, <var>. You all right? Me, I'm carrying on like usual, I suppose.
By the way, I picked up this odd thing in the Max Lair. You can have it.
You got <var> <var>!
Don't worry—go ahead and take it! It's not really my cup of tea anyway!
Why d'you think so many Legendary Pokémon hang around in the Max Lair anyway?
According to that scientist lady, the first Legendary Pokémon sighted down here was <var>.
That scientist lady apparently used to work at a lab in the Alola region! Doesn't Alola sound absolutely brilliant? Just think... All the malasadas you could eat!
I really want to use an Ability Patch on my dear Tyrantrum. That'd give it a much easier time using Head Smash. It sure loves that move!
The trick to having a good Dynamax Adventure? Well, using moves like Reflect or Light Screen to stave off some damage is a big help.
The trick to having a good Dynamax Adventure? Well, I guess you ought to keep a close eye on how the Pokémon inside handle different types!
The trick to having a good Dynamax Adventure? Well, you can really turn up the excitement by usin' a move like Max Knuckle to raise ally Pokémon's Attack stats!
Hey, have you heard the rumors about this great big tree, the Dyna Tree? Apparently, something nice happens if you give it a good shake! I don't think I've got the arms for it, but I bet you could shake it up good, <var>!
You know how Pokémon down in the Max Lair are always Dynamaxing? Think there's some massive Wishing Star deep underground or something?
How're your legend-hunting expeditions with my old man going? You don't need to take 'em too seriously. He's not the most responsible guy, after all.
That bloke over there's a bit funny, isn't he? Probably not as funny as my old man, to be fair...
Hey, have you heard the rumors about this long-haired woman? Apparently, night after night, she visits a grave in the tundra, always looking for something...
So I was once on this Dynamax Adventure, and my teammate's Oranguru had the move Instruct. That move let it give the other Pokémon orders. It was a massive help!
Sablish!
We have Pokémon helping us out with our investigations, too, you know.
Dott dott.
Dot dot dot.
Ditt dott.
Perhaps it's measuring something? The readings seem to be fluctuating.
It's probably not a good idea to head in here alone... Let's turn back for now.
You decide to head back to the entrance, keeping an eye out on the way. Maybe you'll spot Peony's daughter somewhere!
