Yes! There they are!
These are exactly what I was looking for! I knew my hypothesis was spot on!
Hm? Wait... <var>?!
What are you doing in a place like this?!
Exploring!
What are YOU doing here?
Are you having me on? This freezing place? Hardly the kind of locale I'd pick to go exploring, if it were up to me...
I keep asking myself that exact same question! If I'd known it was going to be this cold here, I would've thought things through a bit more...
But here I am, stuck in the Crown Tundra, trying to learn more about a group of Pokémon.
There are some Pokémon that prefer places where there are no people, you see—Pokémon that choose to live in isolation.
The Crown Tundra here is just the place for that sort of Pokémon.
If my theory is correct...
then I think a certain trio of Legendary Pokémon could be lurking somewhere in these lands!
I'm sure my theory's not wrong. If you want some proof, then look there! See those footprints?
My theory is that the legendary Iron Will Pokémon, Cavern Pokémon, and Grassland Pokémon are all somewhere out here in the Crown Tundra!
And there's evidence like this scattered all over the place that'll lead us to them!
If we could find more evidence and collect 100 percent of the data needed to track these Legendary Pokémon, then I bet we could use my Pokémon Finder to figure out what habitats they're living in!
But this place is wicked cold, and it's putting me in hibernation mode...
Are you planning to stick around here for a while, <var>?
Think you could try to spot more evidence like this and report it to me when you find it? I'll reward you for your hard work, of course!
I'll be waiting in that house there, so I can stay warm and cozy and maybe feel my fingers...
Er, so that I can grip a pen and write, of course! Since I'll be working so hard on my research!
<var>! How's it going gathering evidence?
About that evidence...
Where can I find the Pokémon?
Have you located any Pokémon?
It's going
Want to check your progress, <var>? Let me see what you've found so far...
Oh! Look at this! You've already found all the evidence we need! Now it's time to get out there and prove the legends true by finding all the Pokémon!
Data for the <var> is at <var> percent...

Keep plugging away at it!
You've gathered 100 percent of the data needed to track the <var>!
This should be enough data for us to pin down where it usually lives!
This should be enough data for us to pin down where these Legendary Pokémon live!
So if I feed all this data into my trusty Pokémon Finder...
It's searching for energy signatures... ... ... ...
And it's found a matching Pokémon!
And it's found matching Pokémon!
The <var> can be found <var>!
You'll finally get to come face-to-face with the Legendary Pokémon we've been searching for. Best of luck, <var>!
You'll finally get to come face-to-face with the Legendary Pokémon we've been searching for. Best of luck, <var>!

We don't have enough data right now to pin down just where the Pokémon can be found. It'd be great if you could carry on poking around the Crown Tundra to try to find more evidence!
We still don't have enough data, though, to pin down just where the Pokémon can be found. It'd be great if you could carry on poking around the Crown Tundra to try to find more clues!
Keep that chin up, Champion <var>! I know you've got this!
That Pokémon... Isn't that the <var>, <var>?!
I... was... RIGHT! I knew it! I knew my theory was right!
Oh! Er, sorry. Please don't mind me. I just got a bit too excited there. Here! You definitely deserve a reward for showing me such a fine Legendary Pokémon!
Now I'm certain that the other two must be here in the Crown Tundra, too!
Keep up the search, <var>!
No way! That... Isn't that the <var>, <var>?!
Bang up job, <var>! I knew you could do it!
Ah, sugar, there I go again... But it's so hard to contain my excitement! Here! Take this for giving me the chance to see this Legendary Pokémon in the flesh!
There's just one more Legendary Pokémon we haven't tracked down yet... So, hop to it! You've got this!
That Pokémon! I knew it! That's the <var>, <var>!
We did it! This is just amazing! Who's the greatest professor in Galar now?!
Ack! Er... Don't tell my gran I said that, would you? But I couldn't be happier about what we've done here! I hope you'll take this little reward!
It's all thanks to you, <var>, that I was able to prove my theory was correct! Thank you so much!
You'd make a first-rate assistant for my work if you weren't already the Champion!
You know, there's an old legend about Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion...
It's said that to protect their allies, they waged battle against humans bent on destruction.
And ever since then, they've kept themselves apart from humanity.
But the fact remains that they agreed to become your Pokémon, <var>... I guess maybe they're willing to give humanity another chance?
Hehe... It warms your heart a bit, doesn't it?
Now then! Enough dithering about! I've got to get back home to write this all up!
I'll be seeing you around, <var>! Don't catch cold in this freezing place! And have fun with your own adventures!
Come on, Yamper! You and me are heading home!
Wark?


















You found evidence of the <var>! That's <var> percent of the data needed to track it.
Go to Freezington to let Professor Sonia know!
Kawbraa!
Gurooooohhh!
Aeepraaa!
Deyaaahhhh!
Iron Will Pokémon
Cavern Pokémon
Grassland Pokémon

at the Frigid Sea
in Lakeside Cave
in the Giant's Bed

There's Pokémon evidence unlike any you've found before!

Yamp yamp!
