Do you want to show Kubfu the Scroll of Waters and have it evolve?
Do you want to show Kubfu the Scroll of Darkness and have it evolve?
Yes
No
Brrm?
Bear... Aarmrr...
Babear!
Behold! Before you stands Urshifu!
Sure to be unyielding armor that will shatter any blade turned against it...
and it has mastered the style of water!
and it has mastered the style of darkness!
Beaqua!
Beadark!
Ha! You've certainly grown, haven't you? And to think, not too long ago you would've run and hid behind me the moment you got scared!
Indeed, no matter how old I get, witnessing someone grow always brings joy to my heart.

<var>! Urshifu! Thank you both, from the bottom of my heart.
You want to spend some more time with Kubfu?
Yes, I want to spend time with Kubfu!
Let me think about it some more...
I understand if you feel that is the best decision for the two of you!
If the day comes when you want Kubfu to evolve, simply come to the top of the tower and view the scroll!
Facing uncertainty... Thinking and making a decision... These are all part of your training! Take as long as you need to reach your answer.
Oh! I almost forgot.
I give this to anyone who has faced me when I was taking the battle seriously!
Now then, let's head back to the dojo!
Once <var> does what she is meant to do, it will be time for the next step...
Such talent and strength... Perhaps the time has come.
































The next step can wait until <var> does what she needs to do...
Oh, hello there, <var>! Nothing, nothing. Just talking to myself!
The Trainers in the Towers of Two Fists are all senior students of the dojo! I hear that once they're called to duty, they go to the towers and just stay there, ready for any challenger.
Klara seems to be taking her training seriously these days! Maybe it's something she ate?
Avery seems to be taking his training seriously these days! Maybe it's something he ate?
I heard that way back when, Champion Leon tried to get to the Towers of Two Fists but got lost along the way. They say he somehow managed to wander all the way back to Postwick!
I could evolve it into a Water type...or maybe a Dark type... But then Kubfu is cute as is, too! I wonder what I'd do if it were up to me.
The scenery is just top-notch around the Tower of Waters. The master and Ms. Honey often go for walking dates around the area!
I wish there was some way to make tons of money really quickly...
Once I get stronger, I'm going to participate in the next Gym Challenge!
Sometimes I get really lonely and want to go back home, but then Ms. Honey gives me a hug, and that always makes me feel better.
So I hear you successfully climbed one of those towers. Most impressive... I mean, I've never attempted it, but I imagine it is very challenging...
I'd planned to be on my way once I completed my training, but I ended up just hanging around. It's just so comfortable and calming here!
I want to become stronger than everyone else, but I guess that means I have to work harder than everyone else, too. Even if it's super tedious!
In order to defeat others, I need to first be able to defeat myself. I understand that now. In theory, anyway...
Hm? You have it holding an Everstone. That must mean...
You can't have Kubfu look at the scroll while it's holding an Everstone!
