Bear?
This Pokémon is in fact the secret armor of the Master Dojo! Say hello to...Kubfu!
I know... I know... It's tiny... But raise it with diligence, and it'll become strong enough to see you through any battle, just like a suit of armor. No opponent will be able to get past it!
This one in particular has amazing potential! Problem is—it's a bit shy...
It just doesn't seem to have much confidence in itself.
So I was thinking, <var>! Maybe if it joins you on your adventure, that'll help it break out of its shell a little bit!

So take good care of Kubfu, 'K? It's in your hands now!
B-bearma...
Kubfu became your Pokémon!
Now then...
The first thing for you to do is become best friends with Kubfu! You need to build trust!
Kubfu hasn't really had a chance to explore the world outside the dojo, so...
Maybe it'll help you become better friends if you let it have a look around! Maybe take it to a spot that has a great view of the Isle of Armor!
I'll have my students standing at good spots, so just keep an eye out!
And of course having battles or camping out together will also help you become more friendly toward each other.
What else...? Oh, I know! I hereby grant you permission to keep a Pokémon out of its Poké Ball here on the Isle of Armor! You can now let the Pokémon at the head of your team out of its Poké Ball and take it for a stroll!
You'll be friends in no time if you walk together! Go and take a stroll with Kubfu, why don't you?
Once you're best buddies, we'll start Kubfu's training in earnest. Just stop by and let me know once you think you're ready!
So, the secret armor was actually a Pokémon! Who'd have thought? And those moves... It was really something else!
Klara seems down in the dumps... I wonder if there's anything I can do to cheer her up...
Avery seems down in the dumps... I wonder if there's anything I can do to cheer him up...
I'm going to start preparing now—just so I'm not caught off guard if the master decides to send us out on another sudden trial!
Think about the meaning of what you're doing, and it'll help you focus even more.
There are lots of little islands around the Isle of Armor. If you have a bike that lets you ride on water, it might be fun to go and explore!
I guess I can take a break in training for now. Maybe I'll go gather tons of Armorite Ore!
I wonder when they'll get around to making a Dojo Uniform in my size...
I heard that the master found Kubfu overseas during his travels and brought it back to Galar.
The secret armor had some moves! I can't wait to see how it grows!
Kubfu is so cute! I should've tried harder on the trials!


