This must be your first visit to the Crown Tundra. Am I right?
I'm researching Pokémon biology around here.
A number of ancient and rare Pokémon have been spotted in the Crown Tundra, you see.
If I update your Pokédex for you, will you help me research what species appear here?
Your Pokédex is being updated... ... ... ... ... ... ...
The Crown Tundra Pokédex has been added to your Pokédex!
Do your best to complete your new Crown Tundra Pokédex!
Do you want to show me your Crown Tundra Pokédex?
Do you want to show me your completed Crown Tundra Pokédex again?
Oh, that's too bad.
OK! Let me see.
Your current progress on the Crown Tundra Pokédex is...
<var> Pokémon seen and <var> Pokémon caught!
Haha. No worries. You just got your Crown Tundra Pokédex! Good luck! I'm cheering for you.
Haha. You're still new to this area, but you're doing well! The kinds of Pokémon you can encounter will be different from place to place. On snowy paths, in caves, on top of mountains, and everywhere else... If you want to meet many different Pokémon, walk around everywhere!
What? You already caught 30 Pokémon? You're making good progress. By the way, do you pay attention to the weather? If it's sunny or rainy or if there's a hailstorm or even a raging sandstorm... Depending on the weather, you'll encounter different Pokémon.
Have you already caught 50 Pokémon? So fast! You've already caught about a quarter of the Pokémon here. Keep exploring the Crown Tundra, but be careful in the snow.
You've been steadily increasing the number of Pokémon in your Pokédex! If you use Quick Balls to quickly catch Pokémon, I bet you'll have caught more than 100 different Pokémon in no time!
You've caught 100 Pokémon so fast! I was right about asking you to help me with my research. You're about halfway there. Keep up the good work for the latter half, too.
It's so fun to look at a Pokédex filled with information. It looks like you've been to many places—by the water, in caves, and on mountaintops. Keep on doing what you've been doing, and finish your Crown Tundra Pokédex!
I've never seen a Crown Tundra Pokédex that's been filled this much! You must be fishing, too! It's a great way to find Pokémon, but it's easily overlooked, isn't it?
You're getting so close to completing your Crown Tundra Pokédex! You no longer need my advice. I believe you can do it. I'll be waiting for you!
Congratulations! You finally did it!
You completed your Crown Tundra Pokédex!
Thanks to your hard work, I made remarkable progress on my research.
I'm so glad that I asked you to help me!
To commemorate your great achievement, let me add something special to your League Card!
Done!
Please also take this as a token of my gratitude!
You've done something not everyone can do! Congratulations!
Hehehe! I can't get tired of looking at this awesome Crown Tundra Pokédex! Congratulations!
Oh? That Pokémon...
Is that the Hex Nut Pokémon <var>?!
It's a Mythical Pokémon you can't find anywhere in the Galar region.
Thank you for showing me <var>. Please take this as a token of my gratitude!
It's a hex nut cap to go with your Hex Nut Pokémon. Isn't that cute?
You got <var> <var>!
