Oh, <var>! Welcome back!
You... Don't tell me you got my uniform back all on your own!
You... Were you able to reclaim my uniform all all by yourself?
Here you go!
You can have it back
You gave the Dojo Uniform to Klara.
You gave the Dojo Uniform to Avery.
Oh... Well, uh, thanks.
Hmph! You have my thanks.
Well mustered, <var>!
You cleared the first trial like it was nothing!
Why, I think this is the first time since Leon that someone was able to handle all three fast Slowpoke on their own!
The rest of you tried very hard, too! You were able to catch up to the Slowpoke, but I guess you couldn't defeat them.
Uuugh...
Tch...
Tell you what. Anyone who was able to catch up to a Slowpoke at least once gets a pass!
<var> really outdid himerself, so it's only fair everyone else gets another chance. Try to make a comeback, everybody!
Ooh! How generous!
*sigh* Either way, I'm still out.
Oh, that reminds me. Honey, where are those little ones?
Oh, that's right, darling! I had nearly forgotten...
Squirtle! Bulbasaur! Come on in, sweeties!
Driiip.
Viiine.
These are our sweet little Pokémon, Bulbasaur and Squirtle. We've all been taking care of them together. And I'd say they're more than a little curious about your strength as a Trainer.
Why don't you pick one to keep for yourself? You did succeed in the trial, after all!
And just so you know, these two have been raised in a very special way. When they evolve, they'll be able to Gigantamax!
Both Bulbasaur and Squirtle will have the power to Gigantamax eventually. It's a tough decision, isn't it? Give it a good think before you choose one!
You did great, <var>!
Don't get a big head just 'cause you did well!
Don't go getting all uppity from one trifling success...
I tracked down a Slowpoke, but I was no match for its speed...
You're still new, but you're doing great! I think I'll call you "Ace Newbie"!
I just barely made it. I'm so relieved...
The purpose of that last trial was to learn to be able to read a Pokémon's movements.
Squirtle and Bulbasaur are rare Pokémon that live in the Kanto region.
The master's training is always very strange.
Tsk! I couldn't clear the trial. Looks like I'm not getting that secret armor, but I can still do some training while I'm here to toughen up.
If only I'd had a bike... Those fast Slowpoke sure are, well...fast!
I had a feeling you were a strong one. I'd like to test my skills against you sometime.
My legs are positively sore from running all over the place.
