Oh! <var>! Just the person I wanted to see! Tell me... Do you collect Watts?
Sure do!
What are those?
Of course you do! You're such a pro at all this, <var>!
Watts are a kind of energy you can collect from Pokémon Dens!
I'll have you know that the Watt business is positively booming right now around here.
They say that those who hold the most Watts hold the key to success!
I've actually been trying to gather up Watts to spruce up the dojo a bit, get some more gear...
But both my darling hubby and my son are more the indoor types, you know?
And it's pretty hard for me to collect that many Watts all on my own...
If you ever happen to have some Watts to spare, <var>, I'd be glad to take them!
Oh, but I wouldn't ask you to give them to me and not get anything in return! This would be a business transaction, of course. I'll reward you for your generosity!
Whenever you have some extra Watts, simply come and talk to me!
Hello, <var>! What can I help you with, love?
Anything else you need from me?
I'm here to share some Watts!
What's the next goalpost?
I'm ready to battle!
Nothing
If there's ever anything I can help you with, just say the word!
How many Watts could you bear to part with?
1,000 W
5,000 W
10,000 W
50,000 W
100,000 W
500,000 W
1,000,000 W
All my Watts!
Never mind
You'll give us <var> W?
You'll give us all your Watts, <var>?!
Oh, you sweet thing. I do appreciate your wish to help, but you simply don't have the Watts!
Well, <var>, you've given us... <var> W so far!
Thank you so much! I'll be sure to use the Watts to help develop the dojo even more.
With over <var> W, I can afford to have a hair stylist come work here at the dojo, too!
Hello, hello? Is this the hair salon? Yes, this is Honey from the Master Dojo. ♪ I was wondering if you could spare a stylist to come enjoy the lovely island life with us! Yes, that's right—the Isle of Armor... Mm-hmm...
They're sending someone right over!
Hello, dojo! It's lovely to meet you all! I'm your new hair stylist!
But I can't bare all the secret arts of hair styling to you all. So when you'd like to have something done, please call on me in this room here! No cameras allowed! And no speaking of what you see inside this room!
Now that's a real pro... True masters are always picky about their craft.
Hee! But now we can always look our best— even out here in the wilds!
And since we've gathered over <var> W, I can order a Rotomi terminal for the dojo!
Hello, hello? Is this the Pokémon Center? This is Honey from the Master Dojo! ♪ I'd like to buy one of your Rotomi terminals for some Watts, but what do you say? Mm-hmm... Mm-hmm... Yes, that's right...
We were able to make a deal! And I got them to send it right over at once!
Though... Hmm? This doesn't look quite right...
There's something written on the screen here. Now let me see...
"Thank you for your purchase! To get your new Rotomi up and running, you must first install our proprietary software.
"To order your copy today, contact our sales department...at..." What!
They're simply trying to gouge us for more Watts! Of all the greedy, conniving business practices!
I'm awfully sorry about this, <var>... But it looks like we'll need a bit more of your help to get our Rotomi up and running...
And now that we've exceeded <var> W, we can finally get our Rotomi up and running!
Hello, hello? Is this the Pokémon Center? Honey from the Master Dojo! ♪ Yes, again! Fancy that... We ordered a Rotomi from you a little while back... Yes, yes, it does look lovely... But we'd rather prefer it to actually WORK, too. Mm-hmm... Could you send someone right over?
Now that that's taken care of... Let's fire it up!
Roto!
Pleazzzed to greet you, Mzzz. Honey!
Rotomi at your service! Bzzzt!
And I am delighted to hear it! I'm sure you'll be worth every last Watt you've cost us... In fact, we'll make sure of it!
Our Rotomi is up and running thanks to your Watts, <var>!
So be sure to use it plenty!
And now that we've blown past <var> W, we can get a vending machine for the dojo, too!
Hello, hello? Is this Macro Cosmos Living? Yes, this is Honey over at the Master Dojo. ♪ I was just wondering if we could get one of your lovely vending machines over here at our dojo... Yes, yes, that's right... Of course...
*glug glug glug* Ahhhhh! That is some refreshing water!
We're able to offer the drinks at far less than the usual asking price, so I'd get all your drinks from here from now on if I were you!
We've only got Fresh Water in stock so far, but the dojo's services are really getting robust!
With some more Watts, I can expand the lineup even further, too.
And we've hit <var> W! We can stock Soda Pop in the vending machine!
Hello, hello! Macro Cosmos Living, right? Honey from the Master Dojo here! ♪
*gulp gulp gulp* Ahhhhhh... Lovely!
Soda Pop brings a little fizz and sparkle to every day, doesn't it? And we don't even have to leave the dojo now to get some!
And there's still more room to expand the lineup further...if we get some more Watts.
And since we've hit <var> W, I can order in some Lemonade for the vending machine!
Hello, hello, Macro Cosmos Living! Honey from the Master Dojo here! ♪
*gulp gulp gulp* Now that's just what was needed! I've got such a spring in my step that I feel I'm dancing on air!
A refreshing bottle of Lemonade sounds like just the thing to cool you down when you're feeling all hot and sweaty!
I think we've got quite the lineup of drinks now, but maybe we could use something to nosh on?
And since we reached <var> W, I think I can arrange for regular deliveries of fresh ingredients to come here to the dojo!
Hello, hello! Is this the Dream Dairy? This is Honey from the Master Dojo! ♪ Is it possible to ask for a regular delivery of your delicious products? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm...
We managed to pull off a swift new contract! It took no time at all, and it's sure to be a hit! We'll have fresh ingredients delivered to the dojo each day now, so feel free to take your pick! Within reason, of course...you silly sausage!

What should I do next with all these Watts... I wonder if people would like to get nutritious drinks from a vending machine, too...
Since you've given us <var> W, I'll add some healthier drinks to our lineup!
Ah, er, hello? Have I reached No. 1 Pharmacy? This is Honey from the Master Dojo! ♪ I was just thinking how much I'd love to offer your supplement drinks here... Right, right... Mm-hmm... Naturally...
You can now buy your fill of Protein and Iron right here at the dojo! This...is...AMAZING! And since we bought so many, we got bulk pricing. Good for the body...and the pocketbook!
I know it's not the whole array of supplements yet, but this is still a huge step for us!
With some more Watts, I can expand the lineup even further, too.
And since we've reached <var> W, let's try to get some more supplements in stock!
Hello, hello? Is this No. 1 Pharmacy? It's Honey from the Master Dojo! ♪ Thank you so much for all your support so far. In fact, we'd like to offer some more of your products here at the dojo... Mm-hmm... Mm-hmm...
Look! Look! Now we've got Calcium and Zinc, too!
If I just raised my Sp. Atk enough, maybe I could fire off a Focus Blast or two...
And there's still more room to expand the lineup further if we get some more Watts!
So! Since we reached <var> W, let's get even more supplements in stock!
Hello, hello, No. 1 Pharmacy? It's your old pal Honey from the Master Dojo! ♪ Do you think we could ask for just one more teeny tiny addition to our regular order?
Now we've got HP Up and Carbos for sale!
If I raise my Speed a bit more, I might be able to finish my hair and makeup in just seconds!
But first, I've got to think of another way to help the Master Dojo's name recognition!
And since we've got <var> W now, I think we can finally negotiate to get the Master Dojo added as a League Card background!
Ahem. Hello? Hello. Is this the Pokémon League? Honey here from the Master Dojo! ♪ I've got a plan that I think will benefit the both of us, if you might be interested... Mm-hmm... Exactly right...
Heehee! It all went smoothly, and I got everything settled!
You can now choose the Master Dojo as one of your backgrounds for your League Card!
Update your League Card anytime from our very own Rotomi!






And now that we've blown past <var> W, I'm going to show you a real work of art!
Hello, hello? Is this the Pokémon League? It's me again! Yes, me—Honey! ♪ There's actually something really special I'd like your help putting together... ♪ Oh, you! Now, don't tease! No! I swear it's not like that! Heehee...
And here we go! Fresh off the presses!
We'll spread these League Cards far and wide to help promote the dojo!
That was my initial plan, anyway. But they caught us in such a random moment, didn't they... I think we'd better just keep this a personal keepsake and not spread it about much.
Maybe our next batch of Watts can go toward something a bit more battle focused... Mm-hmm!





You've blown right past <var> W! To celebrate, I'm going to give you the chance to battle the strongest of Trainers!
Hello? Is this my favorite Pokémon League? That's right—it's Honey! Teehee! Did you recognize my voice, you sweet thing? Well, I was just calling today to see if I could ask you a teeny tiny favor?
Well, that was a shame...
I had them reach out to some other regions' Champions to ask about a battle, but...
I guess Galar is just a bit too far to come for a friendly pickup match. Those party poopers!
Well, if that's the way they're going to be, I'll simply have to let you battle another top Trainer!
When you're ready to take on that challenge, just say the word and let me know!
We've reached <var> W at last! This is the final reward I have to offer you, but...
Dear <var>... Would you care to take a little stroll with me?

Are you ready to take on a truly formidable Trainer in battle?
Oh, you! Do you want to battle me again?
Whenever you feel ready, let me know!
Are you really... Well, follow me.
Smashing! Let's get right to it!
I've prepared a truly challenging battle for you, my dear <var>.
And your opponent will be...
I'M HERE TO BATTLE!
What?
Hey, wait. Aren't you...?
You remember me? We met at the station when you first came to the island!
To think I might've been standing where you are right now if I'd only had the guts... Cripes, but that would've been a disaster! Letting you go to the Master Dojo in my place is the best thing that's ever happened to me!
Thanks to my cowardice that time, I was able to join an even BETTER dojo than this old place!
The Wile Dojo!
And as the strongest, wiliest, and wildest Trainer the Wile Dojo has got...
I'm here to show the fusty old Master Dojo that it's time you all pack up and make way for the the new hotness that's here to replace you!
Now, now, let's all just settle down...
You know this person, <var>?
I must say, his manners leave something to be desired. You should pick your friends more wisely.
Nobody asked you! Who are you to be judging me!
Bring out the strongest Trainer you've got, this instant! I'll show you your dojo is done for!
Well, this wasn't what I'd had in mind, but...
I'm sorry, <var>, but could I ask you to wait just a bit longer for that battle?
Seriously? Disappear already, would you? I'm not here to beat on somebody's mum.
You know, love, you're really being quite the bother here...
Wh-what?!
Hey! W-wait! Augh—!
N-no! Stop! Mercy!
NGAHHHHHHH!!!
B-but I'm the strongest person in the Wile Dojo! How could this lady have destroyed me like this?! I couldn't even lift a finger to stop her!
You there.
Y-YES, MA'AM?!
You haven't even mastered the basics of understanding how moves work.
You sure you don't want to come start over from scratch at the Master Dojo?
Once we tear you down completely, I promise we'll build you back up as a proper Trainer.
Eeeek?!



GAAAHHHHHH! This place is nuts! I can't take it!
Oh sugar! I went and did it again!
Looks like I've scared off another potential student for the dojo.
I'd been looking forward to surprising you, too, <var>, but that silly sausage went and ruined everything!
But, well, there's no use crying over spilt Moomoo Milk!
So now you know! The strong Trainer you'll be facing is me! Honey! ♪
You think you're ready for me, <var>?
I'm about to blow your mind!
Nooooooooo! Fiddlesticks! I didn't think you'd actually be able to beat me!
But at least you did get my pulse racing...
Thanks for showing me a really great time in that battle!
Honestly, my darling hubby would be the first to tell you that he and I are on the same level when it comes to our strength in battle...
And yet you beat me, <var>! You really are strong!
I'm sure that you're really igniting a new fire in my darling hubby and our other students.
I don't mean to ask too much of you, but if I might ask a bit more...
Please do carry on as a part of the Master Dojo family, and help all our family learn and grow!
Oh, and...
I won't let you rest on your laurels for too long, mind!
Let's have another great battle soon!
Heehee! Battling you really is the best, <var>!
Give me another shot at beating you tomorrow, won't you?
Oooooh, that one felt really close! You nearly had me, <var>!
But victory is mine today!
But I'm pretty tuckered out for today.
Let's save the revenge match for tomorrow! I'll be waiting for it!
I'm pretty tuckered out for today. Come ask me for another battle tomorrow, 'K?
You know, <var>, we have so much to thank you for...
It's all because of the Watts you shared with us that we were able to make the Master Dojo into the fine facility it is today.
I tried my best to help
No, no... It was nothing!
And you succeeded! It's amazing how you managed to collect so many Watts!
Oh, you humble Hubertolly! I won't have you downplaying this effort!
You know, when my hubby first told me that he wanted to open a dojo of his own...
I have to admit, I had a lot of doubts.
I was still working at my previous job at the time.
And there was simply so much work that went into getting the dojo built...
Let alone the question of whether anyone would even want to move to an uninhabited island like this, just to train at an unknown dojo!
But...my hubby-wubby and I both gave it our all.
And when Hyde came along, the students all pitched in and helped out with everything.
And of course, you've been a huge help as well, <var>!
We've made it to where we are today because we got so much help from so many people...
This has been an entirely different chapter of my life, but it's turned out to be a great one!
So thank you, <var>.
I'd like you to take this. Not as any sort of payback for all you've done, but just because I want you to have it.
It's a very rare card that only the master and I have had copies of until now!
Oh, look! Slowpoke!
Slooow...
Po?
Teehee! Don't they look all lovey-dovey to you?
Ahhh! This has been so lovely! It's been so long since I was last able to simply take a nice stroll without worrying about a thing!
Just feeling the lovely breeze on my face...
But if we stay away too long, I suppose everyone will start to worry about us.
It's time we headed back home!
Let's go home!
Can't we stay just a little longer?
Heehee! Of course! Our family is waiting!
Now, now... Look who is trying to hog Ms. Honey's attentions all to himerself!
Thank you for the lovely stroll, <var>.
Though, I'm a little embarrassed about how much I blathered on about my own past!
Don't tell anyone I'm such a soggy Sally! I'm counting on you!
If you could spare us another <var> W, <var>, then...let's see...
I could hire a hair stylist for the dojo so you could change your look whenever you like! How would that sound?
I could try to get the dojo one of those Rotomi terminals, like they've got at Pokémon Centers!
I could get our Rotomi actually up and running!
I'll put in a vending machine where you can buy really cheap drinks whenever you like!
I'll increase the vending machine's lineup by adding Soda Pop, too!
I'll increase the vending machine's lineup by adding Lemonade, too!
I'll have fresh ingredients for cooking delivered regularly to the dojo!
I'll make it so you can buy nutritious supplements from a vending machine right here at the dojo!
I'll make more kinds of supplements available in our vending machine!
I'll make even more kinds of supplements available in our vending machine!
I'll have a special Master Dojo design made for your League Card!

I'll be able to make you a true work of beauty! You'll have to wait to find out just what! Teehee!

I'll set you up with the chance to battle a frightfully strong Trainer! Really!
Well, there's not much more that I can offer you...except maybe a bit of my time? We don't get much time to really talk here at the dojo with so many students around. Would you like to go on a nice quiet walk, just you and me?

















Oh, you! You know, I've got nothing left to give you! You're just doing it for your own satisfaction at this point, huh?
I can't repay you in any way, but how many Watts do you want to share with us?
Thank you, love! I'm sure the dojo will put it to good use in some way or another!
Hrmm... If only someone— *mumble* No, but who would gather that many— *mumble*
What's this? There's a note stuck to the refrigerator... "These ingredients are for everyone's meals! No nicking food outside of mealtime! —Honey"
The refrigerator is packed full of ingredients. What are you in the mood for?
<var>
<var>
<var>
<var>
Never mind
"Who keeps on opening and closing the refrigerator all day?! No wasting electricity!"
Maybe we've already had enough for today...
