Oh! Hey, welcome back, <var>!
Looks like you've been hard at work keeping up your training here at the dojo, eh?
Hop?! What're you doing here?!
Oh, Hop. You're here, too?
Surprise! And nicely done, <var>. That's just the reaction I was hoping for!
Where's the surprise, mate? The welcome? Acting like I'm something the Meowth dragged in...
I'm here on the Isle of Armor to research more about the Dynamax phenomenon.
So, I hear that you two are friends! How delightful!
Hoppy-kins here was just asking my permission to camp out on the Isle of Armor... But where's the fun in mucking about in the mud? I was telling him he should stay here— at the dojo!
I mean, it'd be loads easier than camping out for a long while, but wouldn't I be in the way?
Everybody's welcome to wear out their welcome at the Master Dojo! Don't be shy, my boy!
Besides, we're practically family already. You're the little brother of our Leon, after all!
Yeah, it's true—Lee did train here when we were both kids...
All right then, Master Mustard. You've twisted my arm! I hope you don't regret it, because I'm staying!
Whoo! The more the merrier! I'm pleased as punch in a gold-plated punch bowl!
Which reminds me, <var>...
I've got something I've been meaning to tell you about Kubfu...or, really, its Evolution—Urshifu.
The truth is the lovable rascal is capable of Gigantamaxing, too.
But it's a bit tricky, because it really can't stand the taste of Max Mushrooms. So Max Soup is off the menu, unless you can make it more appealing to it.
There's a certain something you can find here on the Isle of Armor, though, that'll make even Urshifu gobble up a bowl of Max Soup...
And that certain something is...
That certain...something...is—?!
That certain something... It's actually...
The suspense here is killing me...
Actually...I've forgotten what it is! Oopsie-doopsie!
Are you kidding me?! Noooooo!
Mufufufu! You're even more fun to tease than your brother ever was!
The certain something I'm thinking of is sure to make Max Soup more palatable to Urshifu... and it has something to do with another Pokémon!
Now I think I'll let the two of you figure out just what it is. Give it a good think together!
You're on your own, kiddos! The world is your Cloyster, so get cracking!
Is this, uh, how your training usually goes?
I've really got no Rapidash in this race, but even I'm pretty curious about that certain something!
I think I read something about Urshifu in a book once, too...
It's the Wushu Pokémon, right? The book said it lives in the mountains in some far-off region.
Does it really?
That's pretty amazing, Hop!
Huh? You didn't know? Don't you have one, <var>?!
Naw, it's nothing. I just happened to be researching foreign Pokémon lately is all!
But yeah, I think I read that Urshifu is absolutely mad for some kind of sticky honey...
<var>! Honey is made from the nectar of flowers and plants, right? So maybe we need nectar made by some Pokémon that look like flowers and plants! And if we're looking for those kinds of Pokémon, then I'd reckon there might be lots in a forest.
I'll be able to look into Dynamaxing along the way, so count me in for some exploration!
There's a forest past that big marshland, right? Bet I can still beat you there!

























Heehee... Seems that little Hop hopped right off to the forest. I wonder if he'll find the certain something.
