Hello there, <var>! Are you drinking in the Isle of Armor's natural beauty, too?
I like to get out here now and again. It's a nice spot for taking it easy, don't you think?
Isn't all this unspoiled nature on the island lovely? Look how cheery it's got little Tsareena!
All this lush foliage makes for such a pleasant forest stroll. I should've packed a picnic!
Wooloo's got such a fluffy, thick fleece, it could take a tumble from heights like these and still be right as rain!
OI! Oi...oi...o...i... Don't caves like this make you want to shout just to hear the echo?
Look at this great blue sea! If Nessa were here, I bet she'd be over the moon! Not that she'd let it show...
This is far from the friendliest environment for Grass-type Pokémon, but some plants actually thrive in deserts like this!
Harsh sunlight actually livens up some Grass-type Pokémon! But on the other hand, it means they're in for an even worse time than usual if they go up against Fire types...
The weather here on the isle is so fickle! It sort of reminds me of battling Raihan, actually. Makes me a tad nervous...
Ahhh, nothing like a spot of rain! Time for all the isle's lovely greenery to have a drink.
My hat's meant for farm work, but it comes in quite handy during weather like this. It's a lifesaver in battle!
Oh, it's you, <var>! If you keep running about in this thick fog, you'll slam right into me and go flying!
Shalalan.
Well, hello there, Champion! Have you come to see me?
No, no, just winding you up a bit. I've got some time off from my modeling and Gym Leader work, so I'm honing my moves.
Look at this—nature as far as the eye can see. Just the sort of spot Milo'd love, right?
When it rains here in the forest, the sound's so calming. It makes for a nice mental refresh if I've lost a battle or something.
Doesn't the breeze up here feel nice? It's the type of day that makes you think a Wingull might swoop by and bring you a letter!
You can get to the sea through here. There are some small islands around there— my favorite spots!
The water looks so inviting... Wonder how many seconds it'd take me to swim to that island out there?
Drednaw and I are doing some intensive training. We're working on moves that can drench even this bone-dry desert!
Look at this brilliant swimming weather! Good thing the Hulbury Gym uniform doubles as a swimsuit, so I can dive right in!
Clouds have got to cover a certain proportion of the sky for a day to officially be called cloudy. The sky's at least nine-tenths covered today, so that definitely qualifies!
Rain's got its share of haters, but I guarantee you none of them are Water-type Pokémon! It just goes to show how people and Pokémon don't always agree on what's nice weather!
Since Drednaw's also a Rock type, it grows more resistant to special moves during sandstorms.
In thick fogs like this, it's easy for ships to lose their way at sea. That's why we have lighthouses, like the one in Hulbury!
Munch munch munch.
Champion <var>! Your passion for training must burn red-hot if it's led you all the way to the Isle of Armor!
I've got to keep on running so I don't get left in your dust!
Centiskorch's burning body's been known to start fires in grassy fields! When that happens, I douse it with water from a bottle I bring along!
In forests, one tends to meet a lot of Grass and Bug types! Having a Fire type like Centiskorch along is a big help!
What better for long training runs than a nice, long staircase? I've gone and gotten a tad carried away and done 100 laps, so I'm enjoying a nice break!
This place is teeming with Water types—just like Galar Mine No. 2! What a great spot for training!
Training in the water is very tough for my team! So I just do enough swimming for Centiskorch and me both!
I met my Torkoal in the Potbottom Desert! Since its Ability changes the weather, I suggested to Raihan that he think about catching one. Turns out he took me up on it, so now we're Tor-colleagues!
This type of calm weather is ideal for training! Hup, two, three, four!
Clouds may hide the sun, but they don't keep all its ultraviolet rays from getting through! That's why I like to wear a hat or some sun cream and stay well hydrated!
Rain puts a damper on the power of my blazing moves. Best to send those rain clouds packing with Sunny Day or Max Flare!
If you can't overcome a sandstorm, you're in for a tough time against Raihan! This is fine weather for concocting a strategy to counter him!
You can meet different Pokémon depending on the weather! I wonder what species I'd run into in this fog?
Skorrrch.
Oh, <var>! Here for some secret training?
Becoming Champion hasn't stopped you putting in the effort, I see. I'll have to stay just as motivated with Machamp and the rest of my team.
There's a man who was a legendary Fighting-type Gym Leader in his day living on this island. But I'm too intimidated to actually try to go and meet the legend in the flesh...
You never quite know when an Emolga might swoop down... It's difficult to plan your counter for such an unpredictable Pokémon.
This area reminds me of Stow-on-Side... Thinking all of the members of the Fighting Gym back home spurs me to train all the harder!
Going barefoot makes it more effective when you need to dig in your heels and stand firm. I suspect that's why Machamp always goes barefoot as well!
I find swimming can be very effective when I want to build strength. That means Nessa must be getting quite a lot of training in every day!
Doesn't the layout of this area remind you of a pitch surrounded by spectators' seats? It's helpful for visualizing a real battle scenario.
It feels to me like training in harsher weather is more effective than on mild days like this. On the other hand, at least my bare feet get less muddy when it's nice and clear.
When my thoughts get as murky and gloomy as the sky is right now, sparring with Machamp clears the clouds straight from my mind.
No matter how hard the rain pummels you, you've got to keep swinging those fists! You must believe that every punch drives you one step closer to victory!
This sandstorm is nothing to me. It's about as scary as the attack Splash! Not that I'm trying to pick a fight with Nessa...
Even if you can't see your opponent, you can still sense their presence with your mind's eye. Being stuck in a bank of thick fog is perfect training for this skill.
Ha! Yah!
...O-oh, <var>! What are you...doing here?
...Oh, training? Mm... Yeah, you can focus here. ...Since there are no people.
...I-I sometimes see a massive Pokémon across the water. ...Maybe it's D-Dynamaxing?
...This place feels nothing like Glimwood Tangle. Th-though it's about as easy to get lost in...
...Th-this area's so steep and rugged, it reminds me of Stow-on-Side. ...T-take care not to fall. We don't know each other that well yet...
Eep! ...Er, <var>? B-behind you... Ah, er, nothing... It's nothing too bad...relatively speaking.
I...I can hear so many voices from the sea... Do you think they're all lonely?
...I'm b-building a little mountain of sand. Apparently if one absorbs enough grudges, it can become a Pokémon...
...Quite a h-hot one today, isn't it? It's getting all sweaty underneath my mask. That really...dampens my spirits...
...It's so dark, with the sky wrapped up in all these thick black clouds. Honestly, it's a bit of a relief...
...Er...would you...ahh? Would you...like to hear a scary story that's got to do with rain?
...Wh-when I'm wearing my mask, even sandstorms aren't much of a bother. Maybe I should have Gengar and the rest wear masks, too...
I-I've made a big discovery! When I can't see my opponent through the fog, I hardly get nervous at all!
Geh heh heh.
What are you doing here? Did that old gran make you come stand guard here, too? March you all the way to the Isle of Armor so you could reach new heights of pink...or whatever?
No, never mind, that's nothing to do with you. Must be just a coincidence.
I know there's a dojo near here, but I'll pass. I can't imagine anything more stressful than living and training in that sort of big group.
My Hatterene was given to me by the chairman. We've been through thick and thin together— she's a very important Pokémon to me.
This area looks just like that town with the mural. Gosh, what was I playing at when I went and destroyed that thing...
You and I seem to run into each other in caves a lot, don't we? It must be fate. Not the good kind, mind.
What a carefree, tedious island this is! It makes me wonder if there's anything at all to be gained from coming here.
Hatterene seems right at home in places where there aren't many living things about. They spare her the stress of sensing loads of emotions all around her.
I'm itching to show you the new stronger me I've become from training out here on this island!
Ugh, this humidity's got my hair all frizzy. Even a Gym Leader like me is trying to look his best— I hope that, as Champion, you take extra care to be presentable!
Out for a nice carefree stroll in this bad weather? You're certainly an odd one...aren't you?
Ugh! I've got sand in my hair! If I don't wash it out carefully, it'll be stuck in there for days!
This fog always eludes you, no matter how long you chase after it... It reminds me of you... How disagreeable.
Hmmm?
Fancy meeting you here, Champion!
We're trying out some tricky movements geared to bring out Coalossal's full power. So don't get too comfortable being Champion!
An acquaintance of mine gave me an Armor Pass. I figured it'd be nice to have a change of scenery once in a while for our training.
The air's so damp in here! Makes it quite hot and humid, doesn't it? If my mum were here, she'd never stop complaining about it. That's for sure...
Quite the view up here, isn't it? Look how far you can see! Too bad you can't make out Circhester, but that's to be expected, I guess.
Coalossal seems to perk up a bit when we head into a cave. I suppose it must feel like being back home in Galar Mine.
Coalossal may be weak to Water, but its Ability makes it grow much speedier when it gets wet!
Watch out—there's a chance Coalossal might tip over! It's about three times my weight, so be careful!
Daytime here on the Isle of Armor's hot enough to get me all sweaty. Not like Circhester, where I'm grateful for every bit of heat Coalossal gives off.
What a thick blanket of clouds! Seems like we're in for some showers. And no, it's not smoke from Coalossal.
I slipped in the mud and nearly fell... But I managed to turn that into a backward somersault and land safely!
Being able to walk around in sandstorms like this unbothered is one of the greatest things about wearing sunglasses!
No matter how many times I wipe my lenses, they just fog back up and I can't see a thing... Training's on hold until this fog clears!
Chugga chug.
Goodness, fancy meeting you here! Curious about my top-secret training regime, are you?
Well, that's a shame, because I can't let you see! You'll have to wait just a tad longer.
I got an Armor Pass from someone I know, so I thought...why not take the chance to raise my Pokémon in some fresh scenery?
It's so damp in here and the heat's unbearable! Perhaps my Circhester outfit was a touch too heavy after all.
Quite the view up here, isn't it? Look how far you can see! A shame you can't make out Circhester, but I suppose that's only reasonable.
Just now I slipped and fell on my rear, but I wasn't a bit hurt. Thank goodness I layered up properly!
Ahaha! The moment we get near the water, Lapras looks ready for a swim. Perhaps it's time for a break from training.
Whoever named this place was spot on—it's like standing in the bottom of a curry pot! A fine place to train oneself to face the harshest of environments with a stiff upper lip!
It gets so hot in the Isle of Armor sunlight— it makes me break out in sweat! I just want to spend the daytime clinging to my nice, cool Lapras.
It's quite gloomy with all these clouds, isn't it? Take care you don't trip over a rock or a Slowpoke lying around.
What a cool, refreshing rain! Lapras is loving the chance to soak in it, too!
Goodness me, <var>! Isn't this sand something? Thanks to my hat and muffler, though, it's nothing too awful.
I suspect you might find some unusual Pokémon in mist-erious weather like this!
Lanla lalala.
Gah! When I run into you, it's usually a sign things are about to get sticky...
I've got my own business to take care of, so I won't be hangin' around with you this time.
Seems like a lot of different Pokémon make this place their habitat—just like the Wild Area.
I'm no Leon, but I'm really gettin' turned around in this forest. Might just call a Flying Taxi, if it comes to that.
That red tower's dead cool lookin', innit? But it's givin' off a real Fightin'-type vibe, so I'm keepin' my distance...
It's so dim and cool in here... Feels perfect! Sounds get pretty muffled, though. Not the greatest concert acoustics.
Look at this—a deep blue ocean of pain... I'm sure if Marnie were here, she'd be whinin' about wantin' to have a swim. Me, though, I don't like swimmin' much. I hate gettin' sunburnt.
Alone we stand, Obstagoon and me, with these silent sands for company... Heh. Think this place just gave me the idea for my next song.
It's just too sunny out today. I'm not havin' it. I don't mind the humidity, but the heat's all the way up to eleven.
You'd think the moves of Dark types would get wicked strong on gloomy, gray days like this, yeah? But you'd be wrong.
Look at you. All full of beans, even in this soakin' wet rain. Hope Marnie brought an umbrella if she's out and about...
Seein' a sandstorm takes me back to battlin' Raihan in the Finals.
We could take cover in the fog, then lash out suddenly with Sucker Punch... I'm thinkin' up ways we could win without needin' to Dynamax.
Shou ou out!
<var>?! What're you doin' here?
Actually, don't bother answerin'—I can tell. You're here for the same reason as me, ain't ya? That's why yer my rival.
If I let Morpeko loose in this thick grass, I'll lose sight of it right away. Gotta keep a close eye...
Y'know those Pokémon up there flitting from tree to tree... Emolga? Kinda look like Morpeko, don't they?
What's that red building s'posed to be for? It looks cool in those Spikemuth Gym colors...
Dark, cramped places like this kinda calm me down a bit. It's like bein' back home in Spikemuth.
Look at that gorgeous ocean! Wouldn't it be great to all go have a swim? On the other hand, Grimmsnarl'd probably take yonks to dry out after...
I'm trainin' to walk steady even on tricky ground like this! Why not give it a try?
Ain't this a nice breeze, <var>? This is just the type of weather that'd make my bro stay shut up inside.
Pretty dark, ain't it? Looks like we might have rain comin'. This is just the type of weather that'd get my brother amped up.
Even on rainy days like this, you gotta give it all you've got! Toxicroak's all right thanks to Dry Skin, but as for you, watch out you don't catch cold!
Man, this sand stings! Wonder if a Pokémon's pair of Safety Goggles'd work for me...
Whoa! <var>?! Don't scare me like that! I can't see a thing in this fog. Thought you were a ghost or somethin'...
Urara. ♪
<var>! Drawn in by my charisma, were you? Since you're here, let's jump right into a battle!
If only... Fact is I'm in the middle of some top-secret training now. I'm gonna beat you and Leon both. I hope you're ready for it!
When it comes to putting dragon Pokémon to good use, I'm not picky about their types. There're Pokémon perfect for the job all over the place. Probably even in the tall grass over there.
Ahh, the forest here on the Isle of Armor is so hot and steamy... It's perfect! Makes me wish I could somehow capture this humidity to use in battle!
Look at this place... Talk about a selfie spot! I wonder which is higher, this mountain or the roof of Hammerlocke Stadium?
Cave ceilings can get awfully low sometimes, eh? Better not let any of my fans catch a shot of me banging my head on one...
Picture this: a Pokémon battle on the beach, with the big beautiful ocean in the background... and me winning, of course. I can hear the likes rolling in already!
I don't know if it's conducting heat from the sand or what, but Duraludon's as scalding hot as a pot of curry on the flame right now. Watch your hands, or you'll get burned!
The sun sure is something here on the Isle of Armor, isn't it? A person ought to be careful they don't overheat if they're walking around out here at midday.
The island gives off a whole different vibe under heavy clouds like these. Reminds me of the time you fended off the Darkest Day!
Here comes the rain, <var>! Feel its cold dampness soak into your body... My Sliggoo evolved into Goodra on a day just like this.
Let the winds blow! Stream forward, Sandstorm! Nah, just having you on...
Man it's gotten foggy out here... I'll pass on the Misty Terrain, thanks—I'd rather not have my Dragon-type moves get all weak.
Alloy!
Huh? Hey, <var>! Didn't think I'd run into you out here!
I'm hard at work surveying the island, really. I've only been skiving off the teeniest bit. Hardly at all!
The Pokémon live totally different out here than they do back in the Wild Area near home. You can tell even in these little patches of grass!
This is one maze of a forest. You can hardly blame that Lilligant for losing track of its Petilil.
I'm absolutely shattered from that climb... But what a view you get from up here!
How'd a strange cave like this come about naturally, I wonder? Maybe the river carved it out?
The Isle of Armor's got such nice beaches! Wish I'd brought my swim gear... F-for surveying, obviously! Aquatic surveying!
Sand, <var>! There's sand everywhere, mate! In my shoes! Between my toes! Like everywhere!
We've been walking around for ages, so it's good to just stop sometimes, you know? Dubwool seems to feel the same!
These sure look like rain clouds to me... If they were a bit whiter, they'd look comfy enough to kip on—just like Dubwool's wool!
I bet Pokémon that live by the water just love these kinds of rainy days. Watch your step as you explore, though—the ground's all muddy and slippery!
Owww... I got sand in my eye! I'm getting flashbacks to Hammerlocke Gym...
Check it out, <var>! Isn't this fog just like in the Slumbering Weald? There could be Legendary Pokémon about!
Memeeeh!
