Bah! To be defeated in the first battle... Did you use Hypnosis?!
A final battle without me on the court is as bland as curry rice without curry!
And so you climb on toward victory, leaving us behind. It vexes me, but...bravo.
Aw, c'mon! All that effort, and nothing to show for it?! What a drag...
So you're moving on to the final battle, huh? Hey, d'you think we could tag along? Pleeease? No...?
Second place is better than no place, so I'm pretty happy!
Oof, this is a bit of a disgrace for someone who considers himself your master!
Just as strong as ever, aren't you? Good luck in the final battle!
Hee hee hee! That was such a good battle! Congratulations, you two—you've earned it!
I knew we were in for it when we got put up against you lot in round one, Chief!
Gahaha! Nothing like a head-on battle, am I right? Go get 'em in the next round!
Now that was one ultra-mega-heated final battle! Congrats on your win, Chief!
I didn't expect to be defeated in round one! I bet the crowd's loving getting such intense battles from the get-go!
You triumphed against our full power! Go on to the final battle, then, and show us yet another amazing round!
That was a match that'd fit right in at the Champion Cup! Getting the Galarian Star Tournament up and running was definitely a good idea. Thanks again!
Not even one victory for us? I can see even the crowd is upset with this improbable turn of events!
You defeated us, so you'd better win the final match. I won't stand for any other result!
Well, of course I was going to let you win. It wouldn't do for the Champion to lose like this.
Aw, I wanted to keep battlin'... I guess you win this round, <var>!
Well, you better make sure you win the tournament now—for us!
Losin' almost feels all right since we went all out. Congrats on the win!
You sure are a tough opponent, aren't you? Well, good luck in the next battle!
We'll be cheering you on in the final match from the bleachers, <var>!
I'll be the first to admit we've been defeated fair and square. Congratulations on your victory!
You've cut off our flow before it even got going. No wonder you're the Champion...
Your teamwork was just flawless! It's enough to make me a bit jealous.
That was the best final match I could have hoped for. Go on now—give the crowd what they want!
Defeat is frustrating, but we can use that feeling to become stronger. Battle us again sometime!
We give our burning desire for victory to you! Win the final match for us, OK?
That was a white-hot match, fitting for the final battle of the tournament. Congratulations, you two!
Didn't even make it past the first gig. Marnie's gonna give me an earful later...
I'm not gonna use not Dynamaxin' as an excuse. You two were stronger than us—simple as that.
Now that's what I call strength worthy of a Champion. Go on, then—the crowd's waitin'!
I normally look good even when I lose, but losing in the first round is just too pathetic. The comments on this selfie are gonna be fun...
You defeated the great Raihan! That means you have to win the tournament, you hear?
Whoo, that was a good battle! Guess I have to concede that your team was stronger...for now!
I'm disappointed, but I'm not going to dwell on it. I wish you the best of luck in the next battle.
I wish you luck in the final round. Show them the same skill you showed to us!
Your teamwork was amazing. Congratulations on winning the tournament!
This new tournament is something else! You never know what to expect!
I wanted to at least make it to the final match, but...your teamwork was better than ours.
I thought we had it in the bag! You can definitely be proud of defeating Team Gordie!
Y-you're too strong... I bet you'll have no problem in the next match...
The final match won't be any trouble for you, <var>... I-I know you'll win!
I-I'm glad you were our opponent for the final match, <var>... It's r-really brilliant how you win these things...
My, you two are better than I thought! Not a bad team at all!
Now that's what I call teamwork. Just keep on doing what you do until you win the whole tournament!
I admit, I'd have liked to show off to my son a bit by winning the tournament... But I'll happily concede to you two!
Well, well, well! I expected no less from you, <var>! A performance truly worthy of royalty! I sincerely hope that you climb your way to the throne!
Such refreshing strength! Alas, I have no choice but to concede. I am convinced that final victory will be yours!
The ones worthy of the final victory are you two, not us! I am sure the whole stadium would agree!
Well, well, well! You're certainly off to a good start! Please make sure to battle with dignity, like my dear brother would!
You must make the final match one fitting of celebrities in our stead! Show the people of Galar what feats you are capable of!
It is an honor to be defeated by you while on such a glorious stage, <var>! Keep your back straight, and march onward to glory with pride!
That's what I'm talking about, <var>! You bring out the strength of your Pokémon and your partner, too!
I'd have looked better losing during the final match, but I guess it is what it is. Still, you won't get me so easy next time, mate! Good luck on the next match!
Congrats on winning the tournament, mate! You two were something else. I'm a bit disappointed in myself, but even more than that...I'm happy for you as my rival!
You defeated Team Opal right out of the gate. Now you need to keep winning, you understand?
Well, I'd hoped we'd be more of a hurdle to you. I guess I'll have my tea in the stands... Oh, don't worry. I'll be cheering for you.
Congratulations, child. I can't think of a better stage for young, fresh talent to really shine.
It seems like you've got yourself a good team, <var>! I bet you'll be able to keep going all the way to the finish line!
Aw, fiddlesticks! That's a drag... Oh well. I'm counting on you to promote the dojo if you win, <var>!
<var>, you did it! Congratulations! Hopefully our final match was impressive enough to boost the reputation of the dojo!
