<var>. Prepare yourself, for I shall now use my psychic powers to Teleport you to the top with me!
That was a truly elegant battle, wouldn't you agree, <var>? I am trusting you to continue in this elegant vein.
My Future Sight told me that we would come this far together! Now, let us bear witness to what is yet to come as well!
You really knew what you were doing when you chose me as a partner, didn't you? Hee hee! Let's melt down our rivals into itty-bitty pieces!
You know, you and me make a better combo than I would've expected! If you like, maybe we can keep teaming up even after the competition, too.
I'm so excited that my whole body's shaking... <var>! We're gonna rip victory away from the competition, you hear?!
Woo-hoo! I can't believe little ol' me gets to battle alongside Champion <var>! Let's have some fun until we've won!
Just what I've come to expect from you! You're just the sort of student I can entrust all my secrets to—even my secret game exploits!
We've finally reached the tippy-top! Let's have the time of our lives giving all the spectators in the stadium the time of their lives!
Hey, Chief! I've gotta say—I'm chuffed you chose me! Not sure if I can keep up with a Champ like you, but I'll try not to hold you back! Gahahaaa!
That first match went off without a hitch! Let's roll right over 'em in round two, too. My darlin' Nia said she'd come watch, so I've gotta make sure she sees her papa at his best!
No surprises there, eh? You and me, we're a match made in legend! Let's keep it turned up to a hundred till we've seen this all the way through, Chief <var>!
<var>! With you and me battling side by side, we're sure to be the greatest thing Galar has ever seen! Let's ensure everyone has a good time by making this the greatest tournament ever!
I'm seeing even greater strength from you than you've shown me before, <var>! I was so pumped up that I nearly had Charizard attack your team by accident!
Looks like we've reached the pinnacle of our champion time together! <var>! This is it! The greatest final match ever!
Seriously? Wasn't there anyone else willing to partner with you?
At least you won't hold me back in battle, like most of these other Trainers would have done.
The final match, is it? It doesn't really matter, though. Winning with you at my side won't prove my strength to anyone.
Thanks for choosin' me for this tournament. Morpeko seems real pleased to get to battle alongside your team, too.
I've been workin' on really polishin' up my skills lately, since I'm a Gym Leader now an' all that. I won't let you steal the spotlight this whole battle, even if you are the Champion!
I'm really lookin' forward to gettin' to share this win with you. That's why there's no way we're losin' here in the final round!
It's quite the honor, getting handpicked by the reigning Champion. So let's have a great time together, taking it nice and slow.
Everyone out here is really strong. I guess I can't let my guard down just yet! But I'm not too worried. No matter who I'm up against, I've got you with me, <var>.
We're finally here at the end. Let's throw everything we've got at our last opponents and bowl 'em over!
I've got to admit, it feels a bit strange teaming up together with you like this. I mean...I'm happy to get to battle alongside you, but you're just too good. You know?
What did you think of our graceful Water-type moves? I've worked to refine them to their purest form. I'll be firing them off from beside you in the next match, too.
When you and I team up together, there's no way we can do anything but win. So once you're ready, let's go and do just that.
<var>! You are both my partner and my rival in this contest! I will expend my strength as much as I am able to at your side—while learning from your example!
That last battle raged hotter than even flame. But we can't be reduced to ash just yet. We need to burn even brighter before it's over!
The flames of my strength... They have been fanned by your wind, Champion <var>! Having made it this far, there is nowhere left for us to go but the very top!
Wantin' to pair up with someone like me... I won't pretend like I know what you're up to. Dynamaxin' my Pokémon's still off the table, but I'll do whatever else I can in this battle.
I'm not even a Gym Leader anymore or anything. But thanks to you, it seems like I'm still gettin' in plenty of tough battles, huh?
Well. Looks like we made it all the way to the end. So what? Nothing to worry about. This'll be a walk in the park for you and me.
This...is...brilliant! You and me, kid... We're gonna be the greatest tag team in history. I feel a bit sorry for the others. They don't even stand a chance—because we're sure to win this!
Anyone facing off against the great Raihan and <var> is done for! And no need to worry—I'm recording the whole thing with my Rotom Phone to post later. Speaking of which... Try to smile a bit more in the next match, would you?
Naturally we blew right past the second round! You really are something, <var>... There aren't many who can keep up with me. When we win, we've definitely got to snag a sweet selfie together to commemorate this!
Thank you very much for inviting me to join you. I will use all my skill to try to live up to your expectations, so let us begin at once.
One has to be careful not to let a single victory lull oneself into complacency. But at the same time, being able to battle with you... It feels so right and...comfortable.
We finally face our greatest challenge, which will decide whether we taste victory or defeat. Let us do our best to align our moves and attacks even better than we ever have before!
You may be the Champion and all, but I don't plan to sit back and let that decide this match. I'm going to show everyone the brilliance of the Rock type—in that sense, I'll even beat you.
That last battle... Well, you conducted yourself just as I would have expected, Champion. If you hadn't, you wouldn't have been worthy as my partner.
Hah... So we come to the end at last. Be careful you don't slip up. All it takes is one pitfall for a battle to end in disaster. Let's finish this up before it comes to that.
A...are you really sure you wanted m-me to be your partner?
Umm... Let's...er...let's do it again!
<var>... L... L... Let's win this tourney!
Looks like someone needs to chill. You want the power of my ice to slide to victory? Don't worry—we'll have these weak opponents trembling before us!
Just what I expected of you, Champion! This is going to be fun, battling with you. Let's bring the temperature down even lower. I won't lose here, so take care you don't freeze!
You've done well, battling so many times in a row. One more match till we win the whole thing! You sure you have it in you? I won't let you live it down if you drop the ball because you're too tired!
Well, well, well, well, WELL! Young Masters. <var>! What an honor to have been chosen by you. I am gratitude personified, as you can surely see! Anyone fool enough to take on a pair of celebrities such as ourselves shall soon be tasting our dust as we outstrip them!
How very like you, your glorious Champion-ness! No matter where you go, there are none who can stand up to your majesty! I wonder whether my earnest but incomparable team has been any help to you at all.
Only one step remains for us to take before victory lies within our hands! When you consider yourself ready, let us bring this tournament to a glorious finale!
Well, well, well, well, WELL! Young Masters. <var>! It is an honor to have been chosen by you. I am terribly indebted to you for this boon. Just you wait and see—I will prove to you that I am just as capable a battler even when not paired with my older brother! Because that is what a true celebrity does!
I am all aflutter with delight at being able to share such a victory with you, young Masters. <var>! It seems it was worth all the training we put in as we toured the region apologizing for our celebrity-scale misdeeds!
The final round is all that awaits us now! Our victory is practically assured! Fate has made us a sweet promise, and she surely will not betray us now! It will pain my heart slightly to seize a victory such as none my older brother shall ever grasp...yet a true celebrity never lets such feelings show!
<var>! Thanks for calling me, mate. I know I've been spending all my days hitting the books, but I think it's actually taught me more about battling, too! Let's make this a tournament that'll bring smiles of delight to everyone's faces!
That's our Champion of Galar for you! You've gotten even stronger since the last time we battled, haven't you? To think that I got to learn and battle alongside someone like you, <var>... It's really been the best thing in my life, and nothing makes me prouder.
Here we are at the final round! I'll wring out every bit of strength I've got in me. After all, it wouldn't do to be the one to blame for making Champion <var> lose!
I don't have any intention of outstaying my welcome, you understand. But if you young ones insist that you need my help, then I can hardly ignore your pleas.
Yes, yes, well done. You seem to be coming along quite well. You're precisely what I've come to expect in a Champion—even if you are sadly lacking in pink. Let's keep it up, and we'll reach the top.
It's obviously no fluke that you managed to defeat that young Leon. Even partnering up with a retired old woman like myself isn't slowing you down, is it? Win this whole thing, and I'll even offer you my heartfelt congratulations.



