Ah, human child! I trust you were able to speak to the villagers.
So, how was it? Did they say anything about me?
They did, but...
Just that you were a fairy tale...
Hmm... It is as I suspected. Nobody truly believes that I am real.
It seems the people of this land have indeed forgotten the bond they once shared with me...
Hm? Oh, no, of course I am not grieving!
I am the King of Bountiful Harvests, after all! I know better than to count on humans to remember me.
This proves beyond doubt that I cannot simply rely on human faith if I want my powers to return.
If only my loyal steed were to return to me, I would regain something of what I've lost...
Your loyal steed?
Is that a Pokémon?
Yes! The four-legged Pokémon that I used to ride all across the land.
The very same Pokémon that my statue in the village shows me riding.
Alas, though in ancient times we spent many days together, dashing through the valleys and over the mountains of this land...
my power waned, and I was forced to part ways with it. Now, I know not where it may be.
Even if we should succeed in locating my loyal steed, I have my doubts as to whether it has remained...well, loyal. I have lost so much power...
Perhaps the villagers know something about my... currently not-so-loyal steed. I would be in your debt if you could speak to the head of the village on my behalf.
If you are able to find any information at all, I ask that you let me know...
*snort* Gah?!
Huh?! Chief?! With a massive noggin! Or... Wait. No, it's normal.
I must've fallen asleep where I stood! Sorry 'bout that, Chief!
Still, I feel strange. Like my body's not quite my own...
Guess I'll head back to base and get some rest! 'Sides, it's freezing out here!
You want to know about the loyal steed of the King of Bountiful Harvests? Well, I've been told it was once a belligerent ruffian that would ruin all our harvests. Doesn't sound like something I'd get along with!
The king's loyal steed? Loyal steed, hm... You know, that reminds me—I know a lawyer named Steve in Motostoke. I wonder what lawyer Steve is up to these days?
I heard that the king's loyal steed had a beautiful fur coat that was as dark as night.
The king's loyal steed? I was told that it had a wondrous fur coat that was as white as untouched snow!
The king's loyal steed is said to have had a favorite food. I can't remember for the life of me what it was. The mayor knows a lot about the old legends like that.
