That's Lee for you! He knows how to start off a tournament nice and proper!
Still, I wasn't expecting to have to team up with someone... Oh, I know!
<var>! If you haven't settled on a partner yet, why not team up with me?
Aw, that's too bad... Well, let me know if you change your mind, mate!
Nobody's going to be able to stop this team! We're sure to win this tournament. You'll see!
C'mon, mate! Let's head to reception so we can get all registered!
Huh? Oh, you've already settled on a partner?
The Galarian Star Tournament, huh? Sounds like my shot to see how good I've got.
Huh? Are you still lookin' for a partner, too?
Hey, if you haven't settled on anyone, why don't we team up, <var>?
Oh, OK... That's too bad. I bet we'd make a smashin' team!
Rockin'! It's decided, then! I've only got eyes for first place, you hear? Nothin' else is gonna cut it!
Let's head over to reception and get signed up.
You've already picked out a partner, huh?
I've decided to team up with Nessa. If you run into us during the tournament, no need to hold anything back!
I'm sure it would be fun to battle alongside you, <var>. But...I'm sorry. I've already settled on a partner.














I've already chosen my partner. Forgive me, but allow me to remain your opponent this time—and let the sparks fly!
Finding the perfect partner to compensate for your own weaknesses... In that sense, this battle has already begun. I don't plan to lose.
Wh-wh-wh-what?! M-m-me?! Partner with...you?! D-doesn't that seem a bit sudden?! I...I don't think... No, I c-couldn't possibly...
Partner with you? Why would I do that? I can't crush you in battle if we're on the same side, now, can I?
Having you battling beside me would be as heartening as anything could be... But I'd rather face you as a rival, Champion.
Having you battling beside me would be very heartening, of course... But I'd rather face you as a rival, Champion.
Every time I end up workin' together with you, I get dragged into some kind'a awful mess. I think I'm good on disasters for the moment. I'll pass on bein' your partner this time.

We ask that everyone remain until all the teams have been decided and registered properly!
What's that?! You'd like to have an absolute ball battling alongside your pal, Ball Guy?
Boy, that's an offer I'd love to roll with... But this is one ball that doesn't belong in battle!
