Is this your first visit to the Isle of Armor?
I'm researching Pokémon biology here on this island.
You want to register the Pokémon you catch on this island to your Pokédex, right?
I'll update your Pokédex so you can do just that.
Your Pokédex is being updated... ... ... ... ... ... ...
The Isle of Armor Pokédex has been added to your Pokédex!
When you've caught a lot of Pokémon on the Isle of Armor, come back and show me your Pokédex.
Do you want to show me the Isle of Armor Pokédex?
Do you want to show me your completed Isle of Armor Pokédex again?
Oh, that's too bad.
Hee hee! Let me see.
Your current progress on the Isle of Armor Pokédex is...
<var> Pokémon seen and <var> Pokémon caught!
Hehehe. You've only just gotten started on completing your Isle of Armor Pokédex! Good luck! I'm cheering for you.
Hehe! You're still new to this island, but you're doing well! If grass is shaking, there may be a rare Pokémon! Check rustling grass as much as possible!
What? You already caught 30 Pokémon or more? I must say you have talent. Of course, you raise your Pokémon and make them evolve as well, right? By doing so, you can fill your Pokédex!
Have you already caught 50 Pokémon? That's incredible! I-I think you might have even filled over a quarter of your Pokédex already... Please walk around the Isle of Armor even more!
Whoa! What a talent! I bet you'll catch over 100 Pokémon in no time! You've been checking Pokémon Dens, right? You can meet rare Pokémon in the dens.
Whoa! You've caught 100 Pokémon! I've been dreaming of this moment! I think maybe we're halfway there?! Thanks to you, my research is going very well.
... ... ... ... ... ... Oh, sorry! I was mesmerized by your Pokédex 'cause it has so few blanks. I think you're really going to complete this Pokédex! I bet you already know that weather can also influence what Pokémon you encounter, too!
I've never seen an Isle of Armor Pokédex that's been filled so much! Is it because you make the most of Surprise Trades? You can also cooperate with someone to get Pokémon that are hard to collect.
Wow! You're getting there. You're so close to completing your Isle of Armor Pokédex! You no longer need my advice. I believe you can do it. I'll be waiting for you!
Congratulations! You finally did it!
You completed your Isle of Armor Pokédex!
Thanks to your hard work, I made remarkable progress on my research.
I'm so glad that I asked you!
To commemorate your great achievement, let me add something special to your League Card!
Done!
I'm extremely happy! Please also take this as a token of my gratitude!
This is not something everyone can do! Thank you so much!
Hehehe! I can't get tired of looking at this awesome Isle of Armor Pokédex! Congratulations!
Oh? That Pokémon...
Is that Zarude, the Rogue Monkey Pokémon?!
It's a Pokémon you can't find even in the entire Galar region, let alone on the Isle of Armor.
Thank you for showing me Zarude. Please take this as a token of my gratitude!
It's the cap of a boy who meets a lot of Pokémon during his journey. I thought it'd look nice on you.
You got <var> <var>!
