Hee hee! I bet this is your first time on the Isle of Armor.
Hm. Is this your first visit to the Isle of Armor?
I bet you can't wait to start exploring, but first things first! We need to make sure you're ready!
You would no doubt like to run around and explore freely, but first, let's make sure you can handle yourself.
Since I've already been at the Master Dojo for a little while now...
Naturally, as a member of the Master Dojo...
I'll be the one testing you out! Go easy on me, OK?
I'll be using my psychic powers to test your strength! Come now... Don't overexert yourself!
Huh?! No no no! NO no no! Th-there must be some mistake!
Ah, um... Could...could you give me a moment?
Not good... Not good at all, man... How'd this kid get so strong?!
Improbable... No, impossible! What kind of Trick did this kid use?
If this kid joins the dojo, nobody's gonna pay attention to my strength...
If a Trainer of this talent arrives at the dojo, then the people there very well may suffer Amnesia about my very existence!
I could just tell himer to buzz off... No, they asked me to bring in the new student!
If only I could get rid of himer... But I've been tasked with escorting himer to the dojo...
Ahem!
Ahem!
Hey, that wasn't bad! I mean, it's not like I was going all out—not at all—but still!
You have potential. Why, you made me use a whole three percent of my strength!
Buuut...you see...our dojo is one that's got a long-standing reputation! Even the famous Champion Leon trained at our place!
Still... How shall I put this... Our dojo is a respected place, where even the famous Champion Leon trained.
No offense, but maybe, just maybe, you're not quiiite good enough to make it?
What I'm trying to say is, I don't think you're quite up to snuff...
Sooo...how about this? Why not enjoy the sights, but just stay away from the Master Dojo over there, 'K?
Therefore! I suggest you ignore the Master Dojo standing over there and head home as soon as you're done seeing the sights!
Here, I'll even give you this! Y'know, as a souvenir!
I suppose you can have this, too, as a parting gift.
Just show it when you visit a boutique or a hair salon, and they'll let you buy stuff that's not available to most people!
Show it when you next visit a boutique or hair salon, and I'm sure you'll be able to find some more-elegant garb, like mine.
Anyway...
Now then...
I guess that's that! See you never! Hee hee hee!
Farewell! I doubt I'll see you again. Avery, Teleport!
