Everybody, I have an announcement to make! We've got a new student joining us today!
Please welcome <var>! I'm sure you'll all have lots to teach himer!
Hi-yah! Welcome to the dojo!
All our students are so good and hardworking. Everyone really gives it their all around here.
Now here's someone who's not listed in my database of students...
Hello, sweetie pie! It's not usual for you to bother greeting a newcomer!
This is Hyde—my darling only son.
Are you some kind of outlier? Here, you should give this a try.
But don't open it, OK? It's got tech I developed inside, and I don't want you to go and ruin it.
He's so good with his hands, always making something new. Such a clever boy.
And that handsome gent in the back is my darling hubby and the very master of the Master Dojo!
... ... ...
Why, hello there! My name is Mustard! I'm rather good at Pokémon battles, you know!
I'm pleased as cheese that you could join us!
Nice to...meet you?
Cheesed to meet you!
Heh heh, such a polite student! You seem to be the hardworking type, too!
Heh heh, I see you've got a sense of humor, too! Good, good!


Don't let him fool you into thinking he's just a silly old man. He's a real beast when he gets serious.
Well, darling, I'll leave the rest up to you!
Yaaay! This is my favorite part! I wanna see just how good you are!
So, why not have a battle with little old me?
Just say the word when you're ready!
Aww! But I want to battle Master Mustard, too!
A quick recording of progress before a battle is the first step to a safe adventure! Hi-yah!
A lot of people hear the word dojo and think of a strict, serious place, but the Master Dojo is a lot of fun! Ms. Honey's food is excellent, too!
I'd very much like to see what your battle style is!
The master's a kind man. Don't be afraid to show him everything you've got!
I got an Exp. Charm from Hyde, too! Just keep it in your Bag, and it'll boost the Exp. Points your Pokémon earn!
I know I'm not wearing the dojo uniform, but I'm a student, too! They didn't have my size!
The Master Dojo's a strange dojo, if you ask me. We have all sorts of odd training routines, like cleaning up or even taking naps!
You...you have the scent of a powerful Trainer...
Nice to meet you!
If there's anything you want to know about the dojo, don't hesitate to ask somebody else!
You can always call if you run into any trouble. Call somebody else, that is.
You must be tired after that trek from the station.
If you and your Pokémon ever need to rest up, feel free to use that room right there.
