Oi oi, Chief! How goes the adventurin'? Anything to report?
Doesn't look like you've got any fresh progress to report on this one yet!
Got anythin' else legendary you wanna talk about?
Whoa! You've given me a report on <var> already!
The legend of the King of Bountiful Harvests
The legendary giants
The legendary bird Pokémon
Could I get some adventure hints?
Calyrex
Regirock
Regice
Registeel
Regieleki
Regidrago
Articuno
Zapdos
Moltres
Never mind
Oho, changed your mind? It happens! Gahaha!
Look at that! You've already reported everything there is to report on that one!
Wait—you really caught <var> from the legends?! That's ultra-mega-brilliant! Report away!
Hmmm... So that's Articuno, is it? The Legendary Pokémon that can manipulate ice?
I definitely see the resemblance, but it's got this dodgy mask on and everything... and it hardly seems cold at all, does it?
Oh well! It's got one ultra-mega-icy gaze!
That's Articuno enough for me, anyway. Let's call this expedition a success!
Hmmm... So that's Zapdos, is it? The Legendary Pokémon that can cause thunderstorms?
I definitely see the resemblance, but those legs look thicker than I expected... and it's not exactly electrifyin', is it?
Oh well! It's as spiky and as long-beaked as I hoped for!
That's Zapdos enough for me, I s'pose. Let's mark this expedition complete!
Hmmm... So that's Moltres, is it? The Legendary Pokémon that's the embodiment of fire?
I definitely see the resemblance, but it's not at all hot to the touch... Kinda looks like it'd be more at home with the punks in Spikemuth than in a volcano, doesn't it?
Oh well! Looks a bit like it's burnin' if you don't look too close!
That's Moltres enough for me, I s'pose. Let's call that an expedition well done!
Hmmm...you're sayin' this great craggy thing's Regirock, the rock giant?
Is it just me, or does it bear a strikin' resemblance to our Grass-type Gym Leader?
Look at those broad, burly shoulders! This fella and Milo are a proper pair of boulders!
Well, it's rocky and gianty enough, I s'pose! Let's call this expedition successful!
Hmmm...you're sayin' this great frozen-stiff thing's Regice, the ice giant?
Is it just me, or does it look like it'd make one ultra-mega-dazzlin' chandelier? Wish I could light it up and show it to darlin' Nia!
That aside, look how massive and mighty it is! Gives me the chills just lookin' at it, I don't mind sayin'!
Well, it's icy and gianty—I'll give you that! Let's consider this expedition complete!
Hmmm...you're sayin' this great smooth thing's Registeel, the steel giant?
Is it just me, or does its top half look a bit like a massive bowling ball?
Look at that blank, inscrutable mug, though... You can't guess what's goin' through its head!
Well, it's steely and gianty enough, I s'pose! Let's call this an expedition well done!
Hmmm...you're sayin' this great crackly thing's Regieleki, the electric giant?
Y'know what it reminds me of? That colorful candy that pops and fizzes and crackles in your mouth!
Imagine the balance it must take to stay upright with that constantly shiftin' body! Gives me the shivers, I don't mind saying!
Well, it looks electric and gianty enough. Expedition successful, I s'pose!
Hmmm...you're sayin' this great jagged thing's Regidrago, the dragon giant?
Is it just me, or does it look like it'd pack a really strong pinch? It's a bit like a massive clothespin, isn't it?
I'd better not go provokin' it—doubt it'd have a bit of trouble openin' wide and snappin' me up!
I s'pose I'd say that's a dragony giant! May as well call this expedition a success!
Th-that...that...
that noggin's MASSIVE!
I-is that the King of Bountiful Harvests? The one callin' the shots around here?
Huh. I could swear I've seen it before... Or then again, maybe not...
A-anyway! It's definitely regal of it to have a steed...
and that massive head does sort of resemble a crown!
It's kingly enough, at any rate! Let's just call this a successful expedition!
Looks like you've reported all there is to report on Legendary Clue 1 and the King of Bountiful Harvests!
Looks like you've reported all there is to report on Legendary Clue 2 and the legendary giants!
Looks like you've reported all there is to report on Legendary Clue 3 and the legendary birds!
Smashin'! I'll mark this expedition done!
Crack on with solvin' those legends, Chief! You've expeditions to...expedite!
Looks like that's about all the reportin' you've got to report just now! Go give those other legends a nice, thorough investigatin'!
Which adventure's got you feelin' stuck?
Ah, the legend of the King of Bountiful Harvests? This one's a head-scratcher for sure! Make sure you've had a gander at the statue in town and heard everythin' the townsfolk have got to say, for starters! Never hurts to open up your Town Map and check your Legendary Clue to take a fresh look from square one, either!
Right—the legendary giants! Which one's givin' you trouble?
The giant of rock
The giant of ice
The giant of steel
The two giants
Well, all these giants are sleepin' in ruins, so you'll have to find those ruins before you can do anythin'! Try and track down the buildin' I drew for you!
Havin' a spot of trouble gettin' the door to the rock giant's ruins open, are you? So, it says to let the first Pokémon hold a never-changin' stone, eh...? Well, why not try havin' your ultra-mega-lead Pokémon hold on to that stone or whatever it is? Haven't you got anythin' like that? A stone that just stays the same forever?
Havin' a spot of trouble gettin' the door to the ice giant's ruins open, are you? So you've got to walk together with a livin' crystal of snow, is that it? Well, if it's a livin' thing, I reckon it's got to be a Pokémon, innit? Maybe if you take a snow-crystal-lookin' Pokémon by for a stroll and show what good mates you are, the door'll swing on open!
Havin' a spot of trouble gettin' the door to the steel giant's ruins open, are you? So it says to let ring out the piercin' note that will wake the giant of steel, does it...? I suppose giant or no, a Pokémon's a Pokémon! If you make a sound that brings Pokémon runnin', maybe the door'll open on up for you!
Havin' a spot of trouble gettin' the door to the two giants' ruins open, are you? Let me get this straight... "When gather the three giants, the door of destiny shall be opened"? Er, Chief? Not to be too blunt, but...this one's just what it says on the tin! Go get to work findin' those other three giants first. Save this one for later!
So you've got the door open but haven't actually had a run-in with the giant yet? It must be pretty dark in there, innit? Maybe the giant's still havin' a kip... Why not see if there's a switch or somethin' in there that you can hit to brighten things up?
Aha, the legend of the bird Pokémon! For starters, you ought to try headin' to that massive red tree growin' waaay down at the southern end of the tundra!
Aha, the legend of the bird Pokémon! Which one's givin' you a hard time?
The orange bird Pokémon
The black bird Pokémon
The purple bird Pokémon
Ah, that orange bird Pokémon that's sprintin' around the Wild Area! It's ultra-mega-speedy, accordin' to the people who've seen it! But however quick those legendary legs are, it's still a Pokémon in the end! That means, sooner or later, it's bound to get knackered! You're lookin' at a contest of endurance, Chief!
Ah, that black bird Pokémon that's flyin' around the Isle of Armor! Just chasin' it down won't get you anywhere if it soars up and out of reach, eh? Better try and get ahead of it to give it a scare! Once it catches sight of you, it might get cheesed off enough to take a swoop at you!
Ah, that purple bird Pokémon that's flyin' around the Crown Tundra! I've heard if you chase it down, it makes copies of itself to throw you off, then does a runner! You'll just have to keep your hair on and see past the Pokémon's tricks to get to the real thing! But if I know you, Chief, you're more than up to the challenge!
