Welcome back, my wandering Wooloo...
Oh, and what is that sweet scent I detect... wafting through the air around you?
Heh heh!
That'd be the Max Honey that Urshifu loves to the max! We got our hands on a nice haul of it!
Did you now? Already?!
You put me and <var> on it, old man! There's nothing the two of us can't do together!
Hufufu! You did a real bang up job finding that Max Honey with hardly a hint from me!
Very nicely done, <var>! And our little Hop, too!
You didn't forget for a second what that "certain something" was, did you?
If we add Max Honey to our Max Soup, even Urshifu will be sure to want a sip!
Bearmor!
Urrrfu!
Well, it's been real, <var>. But I think you've learned just about everything the Master Dojo has to teach you.
Which means that you and I can finally have a proper battle—with absolutely no holding back!
I could use a bit of training if I'm going to be ready for what's to come, after all...
I won't be pulling any punches this time, kiddo. If you think you're really ready for me when I'm serious, then come to the Battle Court out back!
Battling the master when he's serious... That's seriously terrifying.
He's the one who taught Lee all he knows, so Mustard's got to be one wicked-strong Trainer!
Course he is! Steel your spirit for serious battle, <var>!
I guess I'd better start getting serious about the research I came here to do, too...
Good luck with your things, <var>! I'm sure you'll manage—like you always do.
I'll come dashing right back to catch that battle, though, if you do try taking on Master Mustard!
I can make some Max Soup that even Kubfu's Evolution, Urshifu, will drink. As long as you've got both Max Honey and Max Mushrooms, that is.










Wait—Hop is Leon's little brother? THAT Leon?! And you seem to be really friendly with him... Who ARE you, <var>?
That innocent, pure smile of delight when Hop is happy about something is just so... Ah! No! What am I thinking?! Twisted, vindictive Klara is the only one for me!
That innocent, pure smile of delight when Hop is happy about something is just so... Ah! No! What am I thinking?! Pompous, misguided Avery is the only one for me!
There're rumors about some training method here at the Master Dojo that's too hard for normal people, so it's kept secret...
I started thinking about which type I would evolve a Kubfu into. And before I knew it, the sun was going down, and I'd lost a whole day!
Want to hear something scary? They say there's a lady somewhere on the Isle of Armor who can take away all your Pokémon's training in the blink of an eye...
Hey, isn't it about time for the next Gym Challenge to begin? The master is always hogging the TV, so we're really behind on the news out here...
That Hop really is something! One of my Pokémon got injured, and he had it fixed right up in no time!
My mum's latest letter said that Champion Leon had retired! Honestly, she's so not funny. Who would believe a joke like that?
Hrmm?! There's a certain tension in the air that tells me a fierce battle is ready to begin!
If you're looking for the master, I saw him head to the Battle Court out back, looking all pleased about something...
