Craaaa... Crawwwwn.
It seems as if the mysterious Pokémon wants to test your strength.
Do you want to ready a Poké Ball?
Cra! Rowcrown!
Rrrrrrrrow...
Rrrooow.
The mysterious Pokémon has a puzzled look on its face.
Cracrown crow. Roooooowwwn rown crown.
Who are you?
Did you have fun?
Rooown. Crararown. Rrrow crow crow crown.
Rown riiiown crowriown. Rararown cacarown.
Ricown Crocrocrown. Croooooown recrown.
Rmmmm...
Oi oi, what's up?! I heard a big ruckus comin' from over here!
What's this now, Chief? Were you havin' a Pokémon battle?

Huh?
What a massive noggin!
Hrm. Ruumm crorown. Cracrown.
Wh-what's this?!
Eaghhh!
Mlerrrgh...
... ... ...
Ah, yes. A sturdy body, just as I expected.
I hope he doesn't mind that I make use of it for the time being.
Chief Peony?
Are you the Pokémon?
An understandable reaction, but the answer is no.
Oh? I see you have grasped the situation already. Very astute of you!
I am Calyrex. I am the one known as the King of Bountiful Harvests.
I have borrowed this man's body in order to thank you in person...so to speak.
Indeed, there are no words to adequately express my gratitude toward you for restoring my statue.
In days long past, I reigned over these lands as king.
The humans offered me their loyalty and respect, as I was able to bring lush vegetation to the land and give them plentiful harvests year after year.
However, it seems that over many, many years, the people of this land have forgotten my existence.
They used to make offerings to me every year, but even that tradition has long since been lost to the ravages of time.
You see, it is the faith of the people that grants me strength...
And now I have lost all but a fraction of my former power. Even my loyal steed has abandoned me...
However, you were kind enough to restore my statue!
That act has returned some strength to me, at least enough to speak to you by borrowing the body of another.
Now, kindhearted human child... I have a favor to ask of you.

I must know once and for all whether the people have truly forgotten about me.






I wish you to speak to the villagers and ask if they remember the King of Bountiful Harvests.
I have tried asking them myself, you understand. But they treated me like some sort of fairy-tale creature or flew into a mild panic at the sight of me...
Please, kindhearted human. I beg you to help me...





The King of Bountiful Harvests? Well, if it exists, why doesn't it heal the land around here so we can grow crops for a change?
You want to know about the King of Bountiful Harvests? All I can tell you is its name. I think it was called Calvin! Or was it Calista?
The Pokémon king? Oh, sure, my gran used to tell me stories about it all the time when I was a kid. An old fairy tale, that...
The King of Bountiful Harvests? I used to believe it was real, you know? I was told that if I made mischief in the fields, the king would steal my body away.
Oh dear, I'm sorry. I'm rather busy doing nothing right now.
Do I remember the King of Bountiful Harvests? Why, of course I do! It's only the main tourist attraction of our lovely Freezington, after all! I imagine we would see more visitors if only the king were real...
I would like you to ask the people of the village if they remember the King of Bountiful Harvests.
