Hey, <var>! So he called you here, too, eh?
What is all this?
So many Gym Leaders!
Huh? You mean Lee didn't tell you anything?
Yeah, there are so many strong Pokémon Trainers all gathered together in one place! This is gonna be amazing!
I've been real busy with my studies, so I actually turned Lee down at first, but... Well, that brother of mine doesn't give up easy!
Ohhh, ex-CUSE me! Am I interrupting your private little chat?
*ahem* Forgive me for interrupting when you two seem so intent on leaving the rest of us out...
Hey, you're...Klara, right? From the Master Dojo?
Hey, you're...Avery, right? From the Master Dojo?
That's exactly right! You sweet little thing! I'm so happy you remember me, Hoppy-kins!
As I would expect from one related to the former Champion, you clearly have an elegant mind and formidable memory.
R-right...
An elegant...what?
I've been working real hard with my team since you beat us all into the dust before...
I have redoubled my training efforts since my last defeat at your hands, you see...
And I did it! I really did! I finally became a Gym Leader!
And my efforts were rewarded gloriously! You are looking at the chosen leader of the Psychic Gym!
That's amazing!
Congratulations!
Feel free to keep heaping on the praise and adoration! It really is a fantastic achievement! Even if our Gym is still in the minor division.
Well, our Gym is still in the minor division. But you can feel free to praise me some more. It's perfectly deserved, of course.
Th...that really is amazing! I hope you'll keep working toward reaching the major division!
Th...that really is amazing! I hope you'll keep working toward reaching the major division!
H-Hoppy-kins...
Hop...
Well, you can bet your bottom I'll be going all out in this event! Just you wait and see!
Rest assured that I will bring my best performance to this competition. I will be a fearsome challenger to face down!
Suddenly I'm feeling all fired up for this thing! If everyone's taking it that seriously, I don't want to be the one to lose!
Hee hee! Don't worry—I'll knock you out nice and cold!
Just what I like to hear!
All right, everyone! Sorry to have kept you waiting!
First things first—I want to say a quick thank-you to all of you for coming running when I called!
I really wanted to explain this in person, because I wanted to be sure I could get across to you all how great this idea is!
Phew, would you take a look at this guy? Getting all serious on us in your old age, are you? What is this grand idea anyway, Leon?
Hah! Don't you start in on me, Raihan! I'm really trying here!
See, I've spent my whole life battling with myself to try to become the greatest Trainer...
And then I saw how <var> grew so strong by competing against my little brother, Hop...and how much it made Hop grow, too.
It really proved to me how much further you can go when you're battling against a proper rival!
Hrmph...
And now that I've taken over running the League from Chairman Rose...
I'm thinking I want to bring even more thrilling battles to our wonderful Galar region!
So for both these reasons, I've called you all here today to tell you that...
I'm declaring the Galarian Star Tournament open!
The Galarian Star what?!
*sigh* Doesn't he ever tire of draggin' other people into his nonsense?
The Galarian Star Tournament will be an elimination tournament in Multi Battle format!
I want all of you here to pair up with the strongest partner you can think of...
then pool your power and work together to try to win your way through the tourney!
YEAHHHH!
You should find someone to partner with for the tournament...
