<var>! Do you want to give your Pokémon Max Soup?
Yep!
Tell me about Max Soup
Nope
What do you want to know about Max Soup?
Do you have any other questions? What do you want to know?
Effects of Max Soup
Pokémon that can drink Max Soup
Nothing
Which Pokémon do you want to give Max Soup to?
If you give Max Soup to a Pokémon that has great potential, it'll become a special Dynamax Pokémon— a Gigantamax Pokémon! But if a Gigantamax Pokémon drinks Max Soup, it'll become a Dynamax Pokémon!
If you want to know the Pokémon that have the potential to Gigantamax... My apologies, but please read the book on the shelf.
If this <var> drinks Max Soup, it'll become capable of Gigantamaxing!
If this <var> drinks Max Soup, it'll become capable of Dynamaxing!
I'll use three clusters of Max Mushrooms to make Max Soup! Is that all right?
I'll use three clusters of Max Mushrooms and one comb of Max Honey to make Max Soup! Is that all right?
Of course!
I changed my mind
What? You don't want it? All right, next time.
In order to make Max Soup, I need three clusters of Max Mushrooms. If you have a Max Raid Battle, particles for Dynamax will scatter around all over the place, which helps Max Mushrooms grow in forests and caves on the Isle of Armor!
Nonobear!
Urshifu doesn't like the taste of Max Soup and won't drink it... It does have the potential to Gigantamax, though... I wonder why it won't drink it.
Urshifu won't drink Max Soup unless I put Max Honey in it! Please get three clusters of Max Mushrooms and one comb of Max Honey!
I make Max Soup once per person per day! That's a promise I keep with Ms. Honey!
<var> is now capable of Gigantamaxing!
<var> is now capable of Dynamaxing!
"Pokémon that have the potential to Gigantamax and can drink Max Soup!
"Venusaur, Charizard, Blastoise Rillaboom, Cinderace, Inteleon, Butterfree, Pikachu, Meowth, Machamp, Gengar, Lapras, Eevee, Snorlax, Garbodor,
"Drednaw, Corviknight, Toxtricity, Alcremie, Duraludon, Orbeetle, Coalossal, Sandaconda, Grimmsnarl, Flapple, Appletun, Hatterene, Copperajah, Kingler, and Centiskorch
"Last but not least, the Master Dojo's secret... ... ..." Oh, this book is unfinished!
"Last but not least, the Master Dojo's secret Pokémon, Urshifu! ... ..." That's all!
There are some cookbooks!
