Even Master Mustard can't stand in the way of our formidable teamwork!
Hee hee, that's the spirit, Avery! I guess I'd better go all out if I want to win!
We mustn't lose to the likes of this lout! He abandoned Psychic types altogether!
That's the only reason you made it as the Psychic Gym Leader. You should be thanking me.
A showdown between two new Gym Leaders! I can't let you win this one.
You're forgetting that I'm also a leader in elegance, making me undeniably superior.
Ah, I sense in you celebrity-ness much like that within me!
And you yourself are quite elegant... Tell me—do you have a Style Card?
Oh heyyy, Master! We might win by accident... Sorry if that happens!
Luck and accidents are all part of the battle! Don't hold back. I want you to try and beat me!
Hee hee! Hi there, Bede! Go easy on us, 'K?
Your poison could be trouble. I think I'll knock you out of the match first!
Oooh, it's Marnie! I guess I should show you respect—you've been a Gym Leader longer.
Social status don't mean a thing in battle! I'm goin' all out!
Ugh, such tacky makeup and outrageous clothing. I see victory in fashion is already mine.
Heeey, are you talkin' about me? I'll snap that ridiculous hair of yours in two...
Oh, hi there, Peo-kins! I don't need to hold back at all if we're up against you!
Gaaah! Enough with that nickname already! Don't lose your dentures, old man!
Woo-hoo! It's Leon! Make sure you go all out, my boy!
As if there's any other way I battle! Come on, <var>! It's super Champion time!
A legendary Fighting Gym Leader and former Champion... It is an honor to face you.
Oh, no need to be so formal! It never hurts to have a more lighthearted battle now and then!
Well, you're caught up in a face-off between two seniors now, Champion. Too bad for you, I guess.
Come now, Opal! We're still young and full of fight! Time for a refreshing battle to prove it!
Remember, Leon—I'm done with the League! Take it easy on us!
You're forgetting I'm retired, too! Besides, I don't think I can go easy on you and win!
Brace yourself, Peony! Our flames are about to melt through your steel!
Burnin' fierce as ever, aren't you, Kabu? Let's go, Chief! I'm countin' on your backup!
A two-on-two match isn't what I'd prefer... Still, the tournament ends for you right here, Leon!
It doesn't matter what kind of match it is, Raihan. I won't lose! Come on—give me all you've got!
Fancy meeting you on a big stage like this, Hop! This should be a fun match!
I'm not gonna lose, Lee! 'Sides, I need to show <var> just how good I've got!
I should hope you're at least a little bit stronger now, Mr. Wannabe Professor Hop.
Gah, do you ever quit it with the attitude?! Guess I'll show you everything I've learned!
I'll show them the results of your training, old la—I mean, Ms. Opal!
Almost called me an old lady again, didn't you? Maybe I need to adjust that attitude a bit more.
Don't you dare go easy just 'cause we're family, Big Bro!
I wasn't plannin' on it... But it ain't easy to resist the urge.
Just my luck I'd get pitted against a Grass-type user like you, Milo... But I don't plan on losing!
That's what I thought! You've never been one to let type matchups get in the way, Nessa!
I'll need to watch out for you, Kabu. Don't want you burning all my efforts down!
You can't fool me, Milo! I know your plants aren't that easy to deal with!
Hope you don't mind me Dynamaxing my Pokémon, Piers!
It's not like size is the only thing that counts. Give 'em everything you've got!
I guess now's my chance to get even for my defeat in the Finals, Raihan!
You can try, anyway! But I hope you're ready for some rough weather!
I'm sure the type disadvantage won't slow you down... Right, Kabu?
I would certainly like to live up to your high expectations, Nessa. Let me turn up the heat!
Whichever side wins...
...No hard feelings!
A battle with you, Nessa? I'd better brace for a long haul...
All the more room for us to put on a show for the crowd!
I have a trick up my sleeve for taking on dragons. Don't get caught off guard, Raihan!
Right back at you, Kabu! Whatever trick you have, we're gonna run right over it!
Come on, Piers! Let's see if you can shut me down with your Dark-type moves!
Careful what you wish for! I don't do encores, but requests are another story!
Well, well, well! If it isn't my spiky-haired friend! A fine stepping-stone on my path to glory!
Might want to dial down the arrogance. Pride goes before the fall...
Startin' to look like a rock star, aren't you? Show me how much you've grown!
Course, mate! I'm always growing! Hope you're ready to be blown away, Piers!
I think it's about time that I inherit the title of the strongest Gym Leader in Galar.
Your Pokémon and your will may be hard as rock, but my dragons will smash right through!
I think it's best if I focus on your dragon Pokémon, Raihan.
If this were a one-on-one battle, I'd be in for a rough time... But with my partner, we'll push back the cold!
Fighting types can be trouble... But I won't let you shatter us so easily!
Then I will simply strike you until you do shatter! I hope you're ready for this, Gordie!
I-I'll do my best, Milo...
That's the spirit, Allister! I'll be rooting for you, even though we're on opposite teams!
Hello there, Allister! Guess we're on opposite teams this time.
P-please don't be too harsh on us...
Your mask is beautiful, no matter how many times I see it! Are you sure you cannot let me have it?
Uh... N-no, I can't...
Prepare to witness our celebrity powers, beautiful madam of ice!
Well, aren't we silver-tongued! But don't think you can sweet-talk me into going easy on you!
Well, well, well! If it isn't my dearest brother! What a happy coincidence to meet you here!
It is nothing short of a miracle, Brother! This is cause for celebration!
Hey there, Milo! I hope you're ready, 'cause I've grown stronger since the Gym Challenge!
I guess I'd better be ready to be surprised! It's part of the fun of being the first Gym Leader!
I'm still going to win, even without boosts from getting quiz answers correct!
You answered all my questions correctly, child... And I see you've got the correct attitude, too!
You're aimin' to be the best Pokémon Professor ever, right? Better brush up on battles, then!
You got that right! I'll become a professor that'll be able to go toe-to-toe with Gym Leaders!
Why hello there, Hoppy-kins! How's studying to become a professor coming along?
I'm taking a break for now! And I'm not about to let even my big bro's master end my break!
