Hey there, <var>! Welcome back! Looks like you nailed the trial!
Congrats on finding the Max Mushrooms! Trial number two was no problem for you!
All my other students ended up getting lost in the forest...
Turns out finding Max Mushrooms was the least of their problems!
It's a shame, but I guess everyone other than <var> will fail the trial...
Well, first things first—a proper meal! Let's have the Max Mushrooms made into a delicious Max Soup, shall we?
Mmm, mmm, mmm! I've really outdone myself this time!
Now all that's left to add are those lovely Max Mushrooms you've brought us!
*gasp*... *pant*... Ms. Honey! Please wait...
M-Ms. Honey...I beg you! W-wait just one moment...
Why, Klara!
Why, Avery!
What in the world has gotten into you! I've never seen you in such a flutter...
*pant*... *pant*...
*pant*... *pant*...
I...I've got some Max Mushrooms, too!
I...I've also obtained some Max Mushrooms!
Oho! Nice work, Klara! You must've searched hard for those!
Oho! Nice work, Avery! You must've searched hard for those!
That makes you the second person to pass the second trial!
That makes you the second person to pass the second trial!
Waaaaaah! I did it! I did it! *sob* *sniff*...
*sniff*... I did it... Y-yes, I did search rather hard...
Aww, chin up, darling Klara! You did it! This is a cause for celebration!
Aww, chin up, darling Avery! You did it! This is a cause for celebration!
Master, Ms. Honey...please, can I ask for something, just this once?
Master, Ms. Honey...if you could grant me one wish, just this once, I would be indebted.
I want you to use my Max Mushrooms in the Max Soup!
Would you be so kind as to use my Max Mushrooms in the Max Soup?
I really want to share my hard work with everybody here!
I feel that everyone here should enjoy the taste of my efforts...
Oh, Klara...
Oh, Avery...
Well! If that's all you're after... then I'm perfectly happy to oblige!
Though this is hardly the first time you've asked for something, and I rather doubt it'll be the last.
Though this is hardly the first time you've asked for something, and I rather doubt it'll be the last.
Ms. Honey...
Ms. Honey.
I hope you don't feel that your thunder's being stolen, <var>...
But we're a family here, and families share! So... we'll go ahead and use Klara's mushrooms today!
But we're a family here, and families share! So... we'll go ahead and use Avery's mushrooms today!
It's just so rare for her to try hard at something. I really want to reward that. You understand, don't you?
It's just so rare for him to try hard at something. I really want to reward that. You understand, don't you?
You can hold on to the Max Mushrooms you found. I'm sure you'll find a good use for them!
Oh...and don't worry! You still totally passed the trial with flying colors!
Think of those Max Mushrooms as an extra reward.
All right, everybody! Soup's on!
The famous Max Soup of the Master Dojo!
Well...I'm famished! Time to dig in!
Let's eat!
You enjoyed the Max Soup...
Oh, I never did explain the big deal about this soup, did I?
You see, when one drinks this dojo's famous Max Soup...
You feel Dynamax energy welling up from inside you?!
No, you don't... That kind of thing doesn't happen if a human has the soup.
But! Things are a bit different when certain Pokémon drink the soup!
You see, there are some Pokémon that have distinct potential...
and when they drink the soup, their Dynamax form will change into a Gigantamax form!
I'll keep one of our lads in the kitchen on soup duty from now on, too.
So you can ask him to serve up a fresh bowl of Max Soup whenever you need!
Now then, let's wrap things up!
You all did your best on the second trial, and I'm proud of everyone here!
And last but not least...
Thanks for the soup, Honey!
Thanks for the soup, Ms. Honey!
By the way, <var>! Meet me in my room when you have a moment.
Hmmm? Did the master call for you, too?
What's this? Are you here because the master summoned you, too?
I spent the whole time being chased around the Forest of Focus by a Venipede...
You just joined the dojo, and yet you've already completed two of the trials! I'd expect nothing less from a talent that Klara brought into the fold!
You just joined the dojo, and yet you've already completed two of the trials! I'd expect nothing less from a talent that Avery brought into the fold!
I hear something amazing happens if you feed a cluster of Max Mushrooms to a Pokémon during a battle.
Having us compete and fight over the limited number of Max Mushrooms... That trial's pretty brutal when you stop and think about it...
I'm glad I wasn't selected for soup duty!
Master's summoned you, right? You should go see what he wants!
Chasing after Slowpoke...and then hunting down mushrooms... What could the final trial be?
Congratulations on completing the trial!
Only two completed the trial—Klara and you... I hear the footsteps of an approaching showdown!
Only two completed the trial—Avery and you... I hear the footsteps of an approaching showdown!
That Max Soup was something else!
Don't worry—the kid on soup duty knows what he's doing. I made sure I taught him well!
