Oh, hello again, savior of our village! Come to do some more reading?
Not this time!
I need a favor!
I beg your pardon? You want me to make a set of Reins of Unity?
Well, I say, that presents a bit of a problem.
If my dear great-granddad were still around, he'd have been able to make you a set...
But unfortunately, we've no one left who knows the traditional ways at this point.
What's more, I doubt you have the flower you'd need to forge a set of the reins.
I do have it!
Got a petal, at least!


Is...is that a petal from a radiant flower?
If so, would that not mean the King of Bountiful Harvests has truly...? No, no! I dare not hope.
If I recall, my ancestors made Reins of Unity by following the ways passed down in fairy tales... There were two key materials—a flower and hairs from a Pokémon.
But I'm afraid those old traditions have long since faded from memory.
Still, how could I refuse a favor to such a kind and helpful guest? The materials, if you please!
You handed the tuft of White Mane Hair and the Radiant Petal over to the mayor!
You handed the tuft of Black Mane Hair and the Radiant Petal over to the mayor!
I can't promise this will turn out as well as the ones my great-granddad would've made, but...
Time to breathe life back into the traditions of my village!
*click clack* *click clack*
*whirr whirr*
Harrumph!
I'm afraid it hasn't come out well at all.
I fancy myself a crafty enough sort, but I suppose it'd take a craftsman of truly delicate technique to make such fine reins.
Oh, please don't look so dejected. I'm very sorry. Truly I am.
Oi, Mr. Mayor!
The hot water in my shower seems to have gone on holiday!
Ah, yes, terribly sorry. I'll have a look at it soon.
Oh, you're here, too, Chief?
Were you in the middle of somethin'? The pair of you seem awful gloomy!
Here's what happened...
The mayor tried...
What? Is that all? Gahaaahaha! So, all you need to do is make some nice cord!
Pass me those materials for a mo.
All right! Got my petal, got my hair! Now what'm I supposed to do with 'em?
*ahem* If I may be so bold, allow me to share a song that survives from the legends...
Blossom woven round and rooound... ♪ A royal gift in mane's hair booound... ♪
Steady on, old bloke! The singin's a bit much! Oh well, that'll do for an answer.
Hi-yayayaaah!
All finished! Have a look! Think this'll do?
You're more capable than your face lets on! These Reins of Unity are the spitting image of those in my family's tales!
Gahaaahaha! I don't sew all my dear rebellious daughter's clothes for nothin', you know!
Even the explorer's outfit I gave you was handmade by yours truly, Chief!
*ahem* In any case!
It seems you've got the Reins of Unity you need.
Isn't that just smashing!
How about it, Chief? Has my sewin' saved the day?
If he was able to make a set of Reins of Unity... surely that tuft of White Mane Hair and that Radiant Petal must have been genuine? No, impossible. Perish the thought! Hoho.
If he was able to make a set of Reins of Unity... surely that tuft of Black Mane Hair and that Radiant Petal must have been genuine? No, impossible. Perish the thought! Hoho.
