Stopper message (TBD)
At last, the Gym Challenge's opening ceremony! My heart is pounding with all the excitement!
Corrr!
Motostoke is something else! What other city has a lift to take you between the upper and the lower districts?
The eight Gym Leaders that challengers have to face... They're all frightfully strong. I wonder if any of the Gym Challengers stand a chance.

No wandering into that tall grass for you if you've got no Pokémon of your own, mate!
You can't go any farther in with that Wooloo standing in the way!
And where do you think you're off to, then? We're having a battle—you and me!
Be serious, would you? We've got to go look for that Pokémon!


Sorry, but Team Yell caused quite the kerfuffle, and now the bridge is in a bit of a state... We'll have things cleaned quick as can be done, but could you give us some time?
If you're looking for your Bag, <var>, didn't you leave it in your room? And grab yourself a hat for the weather, as well!
Heya, <var>! Hop was looking for you, you know. But no need to go to the next town to find him when he lives right next door, right?

You did tell your mum that we're heading to Wedgehurst, right? She'll go spare if you disappear without a word.
Mzzz... Mzzz...
You wouldn't want to wake up the sweet sleeping Wooloo, right? Better to take the long way round.
Let's go and meet Lee at the station! It's dead ahead from here!
My Wooloo simply loves the Pokémon Center. Come along, Wooloo! You're perfectly healed! Time we go back home!
Meeeeeeh...
I lost to the Trainers out training their teams on Route 2... I just can't believe it... Give me a moment to process, would you? I'm in shock here.
The Slumbering Weald is over this way! Let's go find that Wooloo!
I believe the chairman was quite clear. Get your Water Badge at once.
You must be a Gym Challenger, right? If you're looking for the Gym Leader, Nessa, she's off at the lighthouse. The lighthouse is, well... If you head toward the sea from here, you shouldn't be able to miss it.
We're blockin' off this route to get in the way of Gym Challengers—you got that? "Our Marnie's all done with Hulbury! Our Marnie's all done with the sea! Our Marnie defeats every leader, and she'll bring us all sweet victory!"
Team Yell's hard at work trainin' up our Pokémon t'be extra hard here in Galar Mine No. 2!
Can't you see we're practicin' our chants here?! "You're not passin'! You're not passin'! You're not passin', not through here! You'll not get through till we're all done here!"
Can't you see we're practicin' our cheers here?! "M-A-R-N-I-and-E! That's how we spell victory!"
You just can't silence Team Yell! "She's cute! She's tough! She won't take no one's guff! Ooour Marnie! She's our Marnie!"
You just can't silence Team Yell! "Glory, glory, to our Marnie! Glory, glory, to our Marnie! Glory, glory, to our Marnie! As our girl goes marchin' on!"
Excuse me! You need permission to enter the vault here in Hammerlocke!
You can't drown us out, mate! We'll just turn the volume up! "M-A-R N-I-E! That spells victory to me! With the knick-knack paddywhack, give Growlithe a bone... Marnie's gonna send you home!"

Corviknight is a Pokémon that flies all about carrying people where they want to go. But even they get tuckered out...
Hmm? You don't have the Fire Badge yet. You can't enter without the Fire Badge. Would you like me to take you back to the bridge at the Motostoke Riverbank?
Got it! Then come with me!
Got it! Well, don't push yourself too hard. Set up camp or something when you need a rest!
My Corviknight got all rested up, so it's already headed off on its next Poké Job!


