Welcome, Champion <var>! The tournaments here are always open to you, of course! Give one a try, won't you?
Welcome, Champion! Would you like to take part in a tournament?
Understood! Perhaps next time, then!
Is there a particular Trainer you'd like to invite to take part in the tournament today?
There is someone...
No one in particular
Who would you like to invite to take part?
Next
Quit
<var>
You'd like to invite <var>?
Then I'll take you through to the pitch. And good luck!
Very good! It looks like your invitation has been accepted! I'll take you through to the pitch now. And good luck!
Congratulations on another victory! Please take your reward!
We look forward to your next visit!
Well, that's a rather disappointing outcome... But you'll get 'em next time, Champion! We look forward to your next visit!
You're on a real roll, Champion! Let me offer my ultra-great congratulations!
I'm really feeling bowled over here... So here! Take this and have a ball battling!
Welcome, Champion! Leon is waiting for you.
You need a partner if you want to participate in the Galarian Star Tournament. Why not go speak to the Trainers around here? They might be looking for a partner, too!
Very good. We'll register you and Marnie as partners. Now then, are you ready to proceed?
Very good. We'll register you and Hop as partners. Now then, are you ready to proceed?
Yes
No
In that case, please head into the locker room.
Understood. Please just come and speak to me when you're ready!
Welcome! Which competition would you like to take part in this time?
The usual tournament
The Galarian Star Tournament
Never mind
Very good. In that case, please choose your partner!
Congratulations! Here's something to commemorate your victory!
You received ₽<var> for winning!
You got the Sport Uniform!
One more thing. It seems there are some more Trainers who want to pair up with you after seeing your amazing performance this time. Why not try teaming up with someone new the next time you decide to participate?
Too bad about this time, but you still get a participation award!
We hope you decide to participate again soon!
One more thing. It seems there are some more Trainers who want to pair up with you after—
Well, well, well!
If it isn't Masters. <var>! It seems your talents have only grown greater since we last met!
I would expect no less from one whom we ourselves call a celebrity!
It is I, Sordward!
And I, Shielbert!
A dandy duo of celebrities, former royalty, and— as it so happens—the sponsors of the Galarian Star Tournament!
Just so it's clear, being a sponsor means paying a jaw-dropping sum of money.
The truth is, we have both been assisting in getting this tournament off the ground for quite some time now.
This is how we seek to atone for the terrible troubles we've caused for the people of Galar!
And naturally, we've been participating in the tournament too, of course.
Though it's hardly surprising that you did not notice us, Masters. <var>. We always lose in the first match for whatever reason!
Wahahahah!
However, it's getting to the point where I would like to at least have some victories to speak of!
If all we do is lose, what was the point of using our considerable clout as sponsors to join in?
So, seeing as that is the situation...
you and I together are sure to be able to reach new heights of glory, Masters. <var>!
Forgive me, Brother, but I must disagree. It is I who shall share the victors' stand with Masters. <var>!
Hmm...hmm... I see, dear Brother.
Hmm...hmm...hmm... Indeed, dear Brother.
Well, then! Apologies for rudely interrupting from such an elevated position.
We do enjoy elevated positions so much!
We look forward to a favorable decision regarding our proposal!
And with that, farewell!
All this attention may be a bit much... But please do participate again with a new partner next time!
I see you've chosen a partner! Very well, then. I'll process your entry. ... ... ... There we are! All teams have been successfully registered!


























































