There doesn't seem to be anything in the den...
There doesn't seem to be anything in the den... Want to throw in <var>?
You threw <var> into the den!
Waiting for others to join...
You jumped into the den!
It's <var>, a fellow Pokémon Trainer!
It's <var>, a fellow Pokémon Trainer! Looks like they're searching for allies to battle with.
View League Card
Join in raid
Quit
See <var>'s League Card
Ohayo!
Konnichiwa!
Konbanwa!
Good morning!
Afternoon!
Good evening!
Bonjour !
Bonjour !
Bonsoir !
Buongiorno!
Ciao!
Buonasera!
Guten Morgen!
Guten Tag!
Guten Abend!
¡Buenos días!
¡Buenas tardes!
¡Buenas noches!
Annyeonghaseyo!
Annyeonghaseyo!
Annyeonghaseyo!
Nǐ zǎo!
Nǐ hǎo!
Wǎnshàng hǎo!
Nǐ zǎo!
Nǐ hǎo!
Wǎnshàng hǎo!
I found this three days ago, but I'll give it to you!
Though...use caution, you know? It is at least three days old, after all.
I don't know how this ended up in my pocket... so here—why don't you take it!
The question is...how did it get in my pocket?
I was just walking along when this fell on me from above... Why don't you take it?
After all, I've only got painful memories of it... hitting me on the head, that is.
I stumbled upon this buried in the ground. Why don't you have it?
I don't plan on being tripped up in my journey, so better you to take it than me!
A wild Pokémon was holding this when I caught it. Take it!
Do you think Pokémon like these things, too?
I found something amazing just now. Think I'll give it to you!
It's amazing, so you'd better take proper care of it and not lose it!
Do you know if there's anything to find over yonder?
Seeing all this wide, open space...simply makes you want to run wild, doesn't it?
I'm gonna find loads of Pokémon!
Hey, fancy meeting you again! Hope you're doing well.



I'm crazy strong and flush with cash! Why won't anyone battle me?! How about you? Dare to take me on?
You're crazy strong, too! I'll teach you a good trick then. There are heaps of items lying around the Wild Area that people have dropped! Go around picking them up and then selling 'em off, and you can be flush with cash, too!
I'll work on getting even stronger yet, so come find me for another battle sometime!
Ahhh! Winning makes me feel generous, so I think I'll teach you a good trick! There are heaps of items lying around the Wild Area that people have dropped! Go around picking them up and then selling 'em off, and you can be flush with cash, too!
Hey there! I found a bit of a rare item here in the Wild Area. You want it? Only <var> W!
Looks like we have a deal! I hope it helps you out a bit on your adventure!
You enjoying the Wild Area? You know some items are easiest to get through Max Raid Battles, right?
Hahaha! I guess it does sound a bit suspect when you stop to think about it, eh? But if you change your mind, you know where to find me!
I fished up something brilliant! This is absolutely...brilliant! Want my brilliant find for a brilliant bargain of just <var> W?!
Well, that was a brilliant choice you just made! Then here you are! As promised!
Think I'll fish myself up another brilliant find!
Whaaat?! What a brilliant blunder for you...
All right. Snap to it. Let the battle begin!
Oh, yes? Right then. Right shame that is.
You don't have enough Watts, pal... Try checking out any glowing dens you find to gather up some more!
You don't have enough brilliant beaming Watts! You'd better hurry, or I might hook a better deal!
There's energy pouring out from the den!
There's a bit of energy trickling out of the den...
You obtained <var> W!
Heya, all right? We two brothers are known as the Digging Duo! We're digging up treasure here, see?
You've got a fair bit of luck finding us here! If you'd like to spot us some Watts, we'll dig you up some handy treasures for your adventure!
All right? Let me tell ya... I've no lack of stamina, but when it comes to skill, my brother's the best! Want me to dig you up some treasure? It'll only cost you <var> W! And a wee saving of your progress, too.
All right? Let me tell ya... I've no lack of skill, but when it comes to stamina, my bro's the best! Want me to dig you up some treasure? It'll only cost you <var> W! And a wee moment to save your progress, too.
Thanks for your support! Then I'll dig up all I can for ya!
Thanks for your support! Then I'll dig up the best find I can for ya!
That right? Sure, sure. But no need to be shy. Come ask us anytime!
That right? Sure, sure. Come visit us again anytime, though!
Bingo! It's <var>!
Should I keep digging, then?
Yeah? Probably wise. I've still got some petrol in the ol' tank, though.
Phew! I'm all tuckered out... I guess that's probably it for this dig!
I managed to dig up <var> treasures this time. Take good care of itthem!
Oh? What... You haven't got the Watts! If you want more Watts, maybe try searching out some Pokémon Dens and looking into them!
Wait! No! I'm not finished yet! I can still keep on digging!
Dig for me!
I'm good
What's your best record?
My greatest record is <var> treasures in one go. Told you I wasn't lacking in stamina, eh?
My greatest record is <var> treasures in one go. Told you I wasn't lacking in skill, eh?
Whoa?! Feast your eyes on this one! This is a mighty rare find, you jammy thing!
You! Yes, you! You've got Pokémon with you, haven't you? You camp with them, don't you? And you cook alongside them, right? Delicious curries will cure them of whatever ails them, you know! And you can get Berries to cook up curries at trees like that one right there! Yes, right there! And if you want more ingredients, talk to me! I'll sell you all my freshest finds for real cheap!
How are you doing, young friend? Would you like me to help see you to the next town?
To Motostoke, please!
To Hammerlocke, please!
No, thanks

Then simply leave it to me!
Here we are! And when you've trained up a bit, give the Wild Area another chance, would you? She's got some fine secrets, she does.
If your Pokémon are ever getting a bit ragged out here, set up camp and cook them up a nice meal to have them feeling better in no time.
You found a note! Did someone drop it here? "The large Pokémon you see wandering around in the Wild Area are strong! "If you try battling one and it seems like you're in over your head, try to run! Run like the wind!"
You found a note! Did someone drop it here? "Cooking at your camp can restore HP to your Pokémon, and even the PP they need to use their moves over and over! "Pokémon that have fainted and can't battle any longer will perk right up as well with a piping hot plate of curry before them! "Visit Berry trees to collect plenty of Berries, so you can always make more curries!"
Hi there! Would you like to rest your Pokémon?
Thanks for stopping by! Would you like to buy anything before you go?
On your way to Motostoke? If you are, you'll find it just up over that rise and to the east! Once you find the walls of the city, just follow them till you reach the stairs!
Isn't there anyone who wants to come join me for a Max Raid Battle? If only people would let me know on Y-Comm, I'd have them join me in a heartbeat!
You found a note! Did someone drop it here? "Use the Right Stick to rotate the camera when you're in the Wild Area! "And if you press the Right Stick, you'll find you can see a wider view of things! "Press the L Button to look straight ahead again!"
You found a note! Did someone drop it here? "The Wild Area is overflowing with a special sort of energy, measured in Watts! "You can gather Watts yourself from glowing Pokémon Dens and glowing Pokémon in the wild! "You'll also find Trainers in the Wild Area who are willing to give you all sorts of items if you'll just give them some of your Watts!"
<var>
There's something written on the old pedestal. Do you want to read it?
May 7 Once, these lusciously green lands of ours lay barren. The grass wilted. Our crops withered. This was a tundra shrouded in frigid cold.
Many days into a bleak winter, a Pokémon appeared on the tundra—adorned with a regal crown yet wounded and weak. Full of pity, our people brought the Pokémon to our village and saw to its care.
August 18 Under the care of our ancestors' healing ways, the visitor's wounds mended. It shrank back in fear if approached with open palms, so all kept their hands closed in its presence.
Once it regained its full strength, the visitor emitted a dazzling blue light that breathed life back into our wilted fields, blessing them with the promise of harvests once more. Perhaps this was its way of showing its gratitude.
November 30 Green flourished once more around our village, and rich soil began to spread. Vast lands lay open for farming once more. The village folk began to call the visitor a king in appreciation.
Our village had long been plagued by a ruffian that ran rampant through the fields, devouring crops as it pleased. But the king, resplendent in its full power, suddenly spoke to us in our tongue, vowing to rein in the ruffian.
January 2 Before long, the ruffian had bent its knees to the king and become its loyal steed. Our people's faith in the king grew firm and unwavering.
Our ancestors built a temple around the sacred sapling atop a tall mountain to give the king a worthy home. Moreover, they crafted a set of reins to let the king command its proud steed with ease.
April 21 The king brought abundance and life to this land that was once frozen tundra. We owe these very Crown Plains to our king.
And as long as the bond between us people and our king holds strong, these lands will no doubt thrive for all time in fertile green.


Oh...my gosh! I saw...THE most...AWESOME Pokémon EVER! I can show you its awesome Pokédex entry for just <var> W, if you like!
Really? You DON'T want to see it? Are you absolutely...COMPLETELY positive?
Have a look, then! Feast your eyes on its awesome splendor!
Is that not completely...TOTALLY awesome? You'll find different Pokémon depending on the weather, so make sure to search EVERY day!
You don't have enough Watts! Go find some... and THEN I'll show it to you!
It seems you have stumbled a little on your path. Let us get poor Kubfu healed up.
Kubfu is back in fighting shape! May the tide's flow favor you as you face the Tower of Waters.
First, let us restore your Pokémon to full health.
There! All happy and healthy! Good luck and take care!
It seems you have stumbled a little on your path. Let us get poor Kubfu healed up.
Kubfu is back in fighting shape! May the shadows strengthen you as you face the Tower of Darkness.
First, let us restore your Pokémon to full health.
There! All happy and healthy! Good luck and take care!
Let's give your fallen Pokémon a rest at the dojo!
Your Pokémon isare happy and healthy again!
Let's give your fallen Pokémon a rest back at the base!
Your Pokémon isare happy and healthy again!
Hey! Guess what? I've just found a great big load of Apricorns! I might even be willing to give you one... if you let me have <var> W!
What? You didn't need one? And they were such a bother to gather, too...
Here you are, then! Freshly gathered Apricorn!
Y'know, if you feed four Apricorns to the Cram-o-matic in the Dojo, I've heard you miiight just get a rare type of ball!
You haven't got enough Watts! Go get some, and then I'll let you have one!
All our young'ns have gone off to live in the big city. It's tough for us old folks, getting by with only our Pokémon.
We only grow enough crops to keep the village folk fed. We're self-sufficient, and nothing goes to waste.
When you're trudging through snow, you've got to really stamp down with your heels. Helps keep you from face-planting in a snowdrift!
Every year, the cold seems to bite harder. It's gettin' to be too much for these old bones.
Our village may not be the liveliest place, but do have a relaxing stay and enjoy the sights. I suppose there's not much to see besides that old statue...but enjoy the one sight, anyway.
Have you had a look at our statue of the King of Bountiful Harvests?
Mayor's House
Freeze Inn
The door's locked. Seems you can't get in just now...
What's this? There's a note stuck in the door! "I'll be at the fields in the Giant's Bed. —Chief"
It's a statue of the King of Bountiful Harvests! What a large crown it's got!
There's a large, red flag planted in the ground!








































































































































































