Some Pokémon aren't affected by weather changes, right? Or I guess I could have my Pokémon change the weather right back...
Raihan says that I can challenge him as many times as I want, but... To be honest, I can't imagine any way I could defeat him...
Grass types do tend to be easily influenced by changes in the weather...
Maybe an item that can extend weather effects...
I use Steel-type Pokémon! They can ignore sandstorms completely, but I still can't beat Raihan...
Raihan's Duraludon is Steel type, too... What am I doing wrong?!
All that's left is the final Gym! You can do it, Challenger <var>!
You completed the Gym Challenge! You gotta keep winning, Challenger <var>!
Buzzzirp!
Was that the chairman? Here for business, I guess.
Hey, <var>! Show us what you can do!
Great job! That was a good match!
<var>! You gotta go help Leon!
Hey, Champion!
Mr. Rose is wonderful! So gentlemanly!
Raihan is just too strong! Does anyone stand a chance?
You beat Raihan?! Just like Leon?!
Challenger <var>! What are you doing here?!
<var>! You're our Champion!
Oleana can be a little too scary sometimes...
I can't wait! Raihan's match is coming up!
I was watching on the telly! What a match!
I know Raihan's here for us, but I'm still scared...
Hey, if it isn't our Champion, <var>!
Challenger <var>... Up above, the Champion is facing the Darkest Day. Yes, the lift will take you to the underground power plant.
Sorry, only authorized personnel are allowed to take the lift down to the power plant.
It's too dangerous right now to take the lift down to the power plant!
Dynamax Pokémon rampaging, Ms. Oleana losing her cool... Everything's been turned on its head. Please, you must help Mr. Rose!
You need to gather seven Gym Badges if you want to face the Dragon-type user Raihan.
If you're looking for Raihan, he headed over to the tunnel to help subdue the wild Dynamax Pokémon. The tunnel is past Route 7.
What is Chairman Rose trying to do...? What could be so important that he would disrupt the Championship Match?!
Congratulations on becoming Champion! Raihan was saying that now he needs to take you down as well as Leon. He seemed very pleased!
