Have you visited Hammerlocke Stadium yet? It looks super rugged!
I've been told that Hammerlocke's Gym Stadium is located right in the center of the Galar region!
Noibat loves fruit! It's always looking for it using ultrasonic waves!
Squilili squililili!
Hi there, Mr.iss Trainer! Have you edited your League Card at all? As you gather material for it, it becomes harder and harder to decide what you want to use. It's so much fun!
I have a friend who told me that he dresses up as a Pokémon and does Poké Jobs. But it's not me—it's a friend!
I saw the ruins at Stow-on-Side, but... I don't really get art sometimes...
She keeps going on about art, but really all that matters is whether you like what you see or not.
These clothes I'm wearing, they were given to me back when I was a student. They're made from durable Pokémon silk, so I believe they'll last me a good while yet!
Not too many Gym Challengers make it all the way to Raihan... I really wish we could see more matches with him and his Pokémon.
Opal's been a Gym Leader for several decades— the very definition of a seasoned veteran... I doubt you'll stand a chance.
Chairman Rose himself once participated in the Champion Cup. He really took off after the Semifinals!
I heard that the Meowth of Galar look different from the Meowth of Kanto or Alola! I think it's called a regional form!
I like my curry sweet, but then my father always adds too much bitter seasoning!
A lot of people buy replicas of Leon's uniform, but nobody can wear it 'cause the cape's too heavy...
We agreed to meet at the Pokémon Center, but I've been here awhile, and still no sign... Maybe I should go check the other Pokémon Centers?
Gastrodon, I choose you! SQUEEEAAA-SQUISHY-SQUISHY-SQUISH!
Rhydon against Gastrodon! I'm at a disadvantage in terms of type matchup, but experience is on my side!
Todon...
Do don!
I saw a Pokémon sucking nectar from a flower, so I decided to copy it!
I wish there were boxed lunches you could eat on the train. They'd be so popular!
Children can't get through the Wild Area, so we have to ride the train. It's safe! We don't need an adult to ride with us!
At that restaurant, the Pokémon is better at cooking my food to perfection.
We all know that dragons guard treasure! It's definitely fitting that Raihan's the guardian of the vault.
They say that the Galar region has lots of old buildings!
I've heard that Pokémon in the Wild Area hide all sorts of things in their dens. There're apparently even odd Pokémon that collect TRs!
You really should visit Wyndon sometime. People from all over the world gather there!
Kwaaa!
I wonder if there's something special about people who find Wishing Stars?
Once I become Champion, I'm going to gather all the Wishing Stars in the world and give them to you!
The curry I made while camping was amazing, but the curry I made at home was only so-so... I wonder what was different?
Oh, are you headed to Stow-on-Side, Gym Challenger? Everyone knows that Route 6 leads on to that good old town!
Hey, this is the final Gym!
You did it! You got the Dragon Badge!
The stadium... Not good. This is not good!
Next is Wyndon! Time for the big event!
I saw your match in the stadium! It was incredible!
What a match! The best battle of this year!
Let's go, <var>! Let's go!
I'll be cheering for you during the Semifinals!
Here she comes! It's that Trainer!
Oh! I know that Trainer! HShe's super strong!
Hello!
Think only of victory!
Your matches help me feel brave!
How are things?
You're stronger than Raihan! That's amazing!
The Champion's Pokémon are looking good!
Now, where did my Pokémon wander off to...
It's tough trying to find a Pokémon that can fly.
Turns out my Pokémon was at home the whole time!
Amazing!
Am I ever thirsty... I wish I had some tea...
I want to go on a trip with my Pokémon, but where to?
It really makes my blood boil when I lose a battle!
Time for the Champion Cup!
That red light... It was so scary...
The vault is outside of the stadium.
I heard that underneath the stadium is a power plant!
These stadiums... Such odd buildings.
I want a cool Pokémon to be my partner!
My favorite move is Teatime!
My favorite Ability is Hunger Switch!
My five favorite Pokémon? Oh, I can't decide...
I want all the clothes from my favorite brand.
My favorite Trainer is the Champion!
It's a stone statue of a Poké Ball. There's a rumor that if you touch it, you'll have better luck catching Pokémon.
