Just getting here was so satisfying! I can't imagine what seeing the ruins will feel like!
Every time I see the ruins, I'm enamored of them. Why are they so appealing to me, I wonder...
We're using the mural to bring more business to our town! Actually, we've been doing that for a long time, now.
Raca raca taaa...
Shashakaaay!
My uncle's Pokémon here is slacking off. The Pokémon that we hired for the Poké Job is looking sharp, though!
Come on! Let's play with Bronzong!
Zudadadada!
Um, um, where is your mouth?
I wanna wear Bronzong on my head!
Can Bronzong really make it rain?!
Diggy diggy dig!
Why not buy some ruins souvenirs? They're quite valuable, you know. You can only get them here!
I've already got enough luggage, mate... They do look cool, though.

Driiig.
Dan dan.
Dudd dudd dudd.
I want to show the Stow-on-Side ruins to my Diglett. Who knows—maybe it'll awaken some latent artistic talent, right?
What's going on?! I heard a huge noise come from the direction of the mural! Is this some sort of surprise event for tourists?
We should let the people at Ballonlea know about what happened with the mural. Let's see now... To reach Ballonlea, you have to head through that mushroom forest.
Cap cap.
The places where you can Dynamax your Pokémon are known as Power Spots. The Gym Stadiums of the Galar region are built on these Power Spots.
Wh-wh-what's going on?! What's happening at the ruins?
Wh-wh-what's this? The hero was actually two people and Pokémon?
Quite an impressive Gym Stadium!
Sudden, big noises are a great way to get people feeling uneasy...
I feel it was more artistic before it got destroyed.
The ocean, huh... Not a mountain, huh...
I've seen you before... Are you a Gym Challenger?
That young lady, Sonia... She's researching the truth about the ruins, right? Could she be the granddaughter of Professor Magnolia?
Some Pokémon live in the mountains, some Pokémon live in the forests! So many different species!
What was that noise...? Thunder? No, it couldn't have been...
If you want to get to Ballonlea, you'll need to make your way through Glimwood Tangle. Remember, in Glimwood Tangle... It's important to touch the mushrooms.
Are you a tourist? Or a Gym Challenger?
What a match! A fantastic battle, that!
It's the Champion that discovered the hidden ruins!
I hear the Gym mission really makes you dizzy!
Everyone seems wobbly, even if they get the Badge...
Wow, the Champion! Wicked!
I got some great deals in the market!
I made a huge amount of money in the market!
The market hasn't been too good to me recently...
To be honest...I don't think the mural looks that good.
I can't wait to catch more Pokémon!
The destroyed mural... I liked how messy it looked.
It's Stow-on-Side's famous mural. It's said to be a very deep work of art...
It's the statues that were hidden behind Stow-on-Side's famous mural. They depict two heroes and two Pokémon.
Rrraaaaaaj!
