
I feel like the time you spend trying to make up your mind is the true essence of shopping.
You'll have no trouble in the Gym Challenge if you take the time to train up now!
Mew meowow.
Why does Nessa love the lighthouse so much...?
Galar is a huge island. Lighthouses have always been really important in helping ships find their way.
When you see one of those giant Pokémon while fishing in the Wild Area, it feels like it's either catch or be caught!
Nessa's really stoic about Pokémon. She's made her Gym mission really tough!
I remember when I did the Gym Challenge... I never did get the Water Badge.
I've got high hopes for you! I mean, I say that to every challenger, of course.
Freshly harvested veggies! Look good, don't they? Freshly gathered Berries! I guess they look good?
Mistakes aren't that bad when you cook with your mates. At least they make for funny stories!
Galar Mine No. 2 is a good spot. It's full of rock-solid Pokémon.
Truuummm!
Chairman Rose!
Can I have an autograph?!
I bet it's gonna be tough to defeat Nessa.
You defeated Nessa! You're quite the Trainer!
Eternatus... What in the world was that?
Just keep going, me. Just keep going and going.
Nessa always gathers the best food!
I'm aiming for the title of Champion now, too!
Nothing's biting...
Maybe I'll head to the Wild Area to do my fishing...
Where's a good fishing spot?
I got an autograph from the chairman!
Maybe I'll head over to the Captain's Table.
Gotta love that ocean breeze blowing through!
Let's see, what's the specialty of Hulbury...?
The local specialty is seafood! Good, I already ordered some.
Maybe I'll stay here forever!
Hi there, Gym Challenger!
Good job on the Water Badge.
Hello, Champion!
Nessa does seem to love the lighthouse...
What's the deal with those Team Yell goons?!
I hear there's a Pokémon that's a great detective!
It's a record shop. Apparently you can find some rare records here.

This is a statue of the Pokémon that's said to have protected the lighthouse.
Geeeiiin.
Beibein.
Shauuu!
Damuri.
