Welcome to the town of snow! You already know the name of this town, right?
Suh suh snoh!
My Clobbopus just spent a good chunk of time in the hot spring. Its body is toasty warm now!
Igna!
I hear that Pokémon in Poké Balls or Boxes are nice and comfortable.
The Hero's Bath... I hear this hot spring has been around since ancient times.
I watch the Gym Leaders' matches on the giant telly in the stadium!
Dragon-type Pokémon are weak to Ice-type moves! Maybe they don't like cold, huh?
Muscles! No cold is too cold if you have powerful muscles to keep you warm!
You're in trouble if your Pokémon gets frozen during a battle! It won't be able to move!
Are snowmen Pokémon?
I know there are Ice-type Pokémon, but is there such a thing as snowman Pokémon?

The falling snow hides the Ice-type Pokémon around here really well.
Seems like the hot spring's a perfect temperature today, too. Only Pokémon bathe in it, though.
It's easy to get depressed when it's cold. But Darumaka are able to store more strength the colder it gets. I'm jealous!
Rolly roll.
Fliter fliter.
Shhhwaaaaaah.
Dei de de.
Kuuu ku ku.
Fwooomf.
Ahhh, this is the life!
There are two challengers I've got my eyes on— Challenger Hop and Challenger Marnie.
We shouldn't forget about Challenger <var>, right?
Seems like the hot spring's a perfect temperature today, too. Only Pokémon bathe in it, though.
Is that a Persian engraved on this wall?
Goro goh!
The stones paving the ground are quite cold. Snow piles up on them in no time.
There are plenty of people who enjoy Pokémon battles, even if they can't participate in the Gym Challenge. Actually, there are people who don't battle at all, too.
They say this is the hot spring where the hero rested his wounded body.
I try to remove chance from my battles as much as possible, but sometimes I still feel it all comes down to luck...
I thought I was going to lose for sure, but then my Pokémon scored a critical hit!
Iiissse.
The Gym Challenge is reaching its end.
I wonder who made it to the tournament?
Becoming the Champion on your first try... Amazing!
I love the snow so much!
I, said the Pokémon.
If rain is the sky crying, then what is snow?
I'm just keeping an eye on the town.
I've been walking around so much, I'm almost too healthy!
Nothing like a nice, long walk after a good meal!
I need to get curry toppings at Bob's Your Uncle.
The curry is what brings the rice and ingredients together.
All sorts of flavors become one in curry.
People and Pokémon should be full of energy!
Getting Badges is no trouble with enough energy!
The Gym Challenge was such a great competition this year!
The ancient hero liked the hot spring, huh?
What exactly did the hero do?
Is the Champion a hero?
The ancient Hero's Bath. It is said that heroes bathed here to heal and rest.
Sometimes the only thing to do in the cold weather is have an ice cream!

Ice types are the perfect fit for icy towns! Snom is just right at home!
Nothing like Fire types for icy towns! I'm toasty warm thanks to Sizzlipede!
