These plants take a great deal of care, but they all seem to be flourishing.
The whiteboard is positively covered with notes, from top to bottom.
Perhaps it's measuring something? The readings seem to be fluctuating.

Yamp! Yamp!
"Regarding the Changes Pokémon Can Undergo" Pokémon do not only change in appearance when they level up. They can also do so through the use of certain items or under the influence of the area they are in, in some cases. It is hypothesized that some factor within the Pokémon itself is what allows for these changes to their form and biology, but thus far, conclusive evidence of such a factor has not been found by researchers.
"What Is the Dynamax Phenomenon?" This phenomenon, in which Pokémon take on gigantic forms, has only been observed in the Galar region. Moreover, it only seems to occur in specific locations and under set conditions.
"On the Gigantification of Pokémon" While the general principal holds that Pokémon grow stronger and larger by evolving, it is also true that simply making oneself appear larger is another survival strategy with merit.
Hello again, Champion <var>. It has been a while, hasn't it?
I'm really sorry for the part I played in driving <var> mad back then.
Masters Sordward and Shielbert and I have been doing volunteer work to atone for what we did.
I'm grateful that Professor Sonia would still trust me to look after the lab, even though I've deceived her once before.
Well, one thing led to another, and I'm working here again. Don't worry—I'll do my best to actually help out this time. Hehe!
<var>! Thanks for the hand back in the Crown Tundra! I'm writing up our findings now, but there's so much to cover I hardly know where to start!
What?! There was a fourth Legendary Pokémon after Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion?!
Hnnngh. If only I'd stuck it out a bit longer out there...
Bow whuff...
Well, bang-up job as always, <var>! Thanks for the report!
That Galarian Star Tournament is pretty great... Lee gets some real brilliant ideas now and then! My studies come first, of course—but if I do take part in the tourney, I'll be sure to do it right!
