There are all kinds of books about the Crown Tundra!
Which book would you like to read?
Would you like to check any of the other books?
The King of Bountiful Harvests
The King's Proud Steed
The Reins of Unity
Hardy Crops for the Tundra
Try the Freezington Snow Samba!
Town Records: Tourism Initiatives
I'm done reading
The king was a great Pokémon that brought abundance to our cold land. With a sweep of its right hand, the land would be blanketed in verdant grasses and blooms. With a sweep of its left hand, the fruit of the fields would ripen and grow heavy. Its great crown of green gleaming, the king galloped across the land astride its proud steed. And in their footsteps, buds would burst from the soil, and rich life was born across the region. And so we worshiped the Pokémon and paid it all due tribute as king.
The horse Pokémon gave over its power to serve the king and carry it hither and thither. The two even became one for a time, combining their strength to create a forest in a single night. This proud steed had been a wild thing once, ravaging the village crops and causing much woe. But the king, in all its greatness, brought this fierce creature to heel and secured its loyalty. And for each among us who claims the steed's hide was black as the midnight gloom in which ghosts appear, there is another who claims it was white as a block of solid ice. None alive can now say which is the truth.
Through these reins did the king send its power, in order to tame and control its proud steed. The reins, in fact, were made by the hands of the people, in thanks for the plenty brought by the king. These reins bound not only the horse and the king to one another—they bound the people to the king as well. At the dawning of each new year, we must never forget to gift the king with this offering. Let the radiant flower and the mane of the steed be woven together to bind us all in faith. Let the secrets of this sacred art be passed from parent to child to grandchild and never forgotten.
While carrots can be grown in the Crown Tundra, they have rather unusual growth habits. When grown beneath the heaped snow, these hardy roots tend to develop into Iceroot Carrots. When grown in tracts close to where many souls are laid to rest, Shaderoot Carrots will be your crop. Shaderoot Carrots are a favorite treat for many Ghost-type Pokémon, while Ice-type Pokémon seem to delight in eating Iceroot Carrots. According to old fairy tales, the steed that the King of Bountiful Harvests rode upon loved both of these varieties—or perhaps one or the other. Records seem to contradict one another, with some stories speaking of a white steed delighting in Iceroot Carrots and others mentioning a black steed devouring Shaderoot Carrots.
Isn't it tough dealing with the cold here on the tundra, with temperatures seeming to drop lower and lower with every passing year? While it's tempting to stay indoors where it's cozy, don't forget to move that body, too! Try the Freezington Snow Samba today, and get your body moving to stay warm all winter! "Lift both hands in the air, wave here, wave there, bow low, touch your toe, and freeze! Then up we pop to start it all once more!" ♪ Form a circle with friends, and don't be shy! The Snow Samba will keep you young at heart!
Freezington Souvenir Brainstorming Sessions (Minutes taken by the town's tourism lead) We got a lot of submissions in our last round, so our thanks to all who contributed ideas. We've settled on an idea for a new Freezington souvenir sure to lure in more visitors: a shirt featuring our own King of Bountiful Harvests! By reusing the artwork from some old documents, we should be able to keep design costs low, too.
