If you wanna fill up that Alola Pokédex, it wouldn't be a bad idea to trade Pokémon with some friends, zzt-zzt!
Battling lots of different Trainers is one way to encounter different Pokémon for your 'Dex, zzt-zzzzt!
Some Pokémon you'll only find if you really get into the nitty-gritty of Alola life! Zzzt! Like gathering Berriezzz or hatching Eggzzz, you know?
Mm-hmm! That'zzz my little trooper! You've managed to meet plenty of Pokémon here in Alola, haven't you, big boyclever girl? Zzz-zzzzt!
I'll tell you a secret: in some places, you can meet totally different Pokémon at night than during the day! Zzrrrt!
Kzzzzrrt?! You've met this many Pokémon?! I knew I picked a good Trainer! Zzt-zzt!
What the zzzt?! You're so close! So close to completing the Alola Pokédex! Lookzzz like a completed Pokédex might not just be a dream for you, kid! I knew you could do it!
Zzzzrrrttt!!! Kzzt! Kzzt! Kzzrrrttt! You've done it, kid... You've really gone and done it! You completed the Alola Pokédex! Zzzt-zzt! You met every last Pokémon that livezzz in the Alola region! I thank my lucky circuits that I wazzz here in this 'Dex to meet all these different Pokémon and share all these great adventurezzz with you, partner! Congratulations to you, kid. You really deserve them!
Dive right into the tall grass wherever you find it and dive right into fantastic new Pokémon encounterzzz!
Even Pokémon love the big city life sometimezzz... Kick around in Hau'oli City's grass patches to find 'em!
Whole meadowzzz of flowers are pretty rare in Alola... Maybe there are some rare Pokémon in them, too!
Zzzzmmm! You're getting really close, big boyclever girl! You've nearly completed the Melemele Pokédex!
Congratulationzzz, bucko! You did it! You met all the Pokémon to be found on Melemele!
It'zzz your second Island Pokédex! There are so many new Pokémon to discover!
Akala Island hazzz plenty of fishing spots to check out. And some Pokémon you'll only find by fishing 'em up!
If you ride on Lapras's back, you can cast your rod while you cruizzze around on the water. Juzzzt don't drop me!
One last push and your Akala Pokédex will be complete! Don't give up now, partner! Zzt-zzt!
Congratulationzzz, bucko! You did it! You met all the Pokémon to be found on Akala!
Now we turn to the Ula'ula Pokédex! There are still lotzzz of Pokémon you haven't seen yet!
Some Pokémon evolve based on different conditionzzz, like where they are or even what time it izzz...don't you know?
There are lotzzz of Pokémon in Haina Desert that you can't meet anywhere else in Alola, kiddo! No escapin' it!
Did you know that there are some Pokémon out there that only live around Mount Hokulani? Zzzmmm?
Congratulationzzz, bucko! You did it! You met all the Pokémon to be found on Ula'ula!
You can find lotzzz of big Pokémon on Poni Island... Bigger than the onezzz you find on other islands!
I heard there's a Pokémon that evolves if it feelzzz friendly toward you. I like you plenty. Where'zzz my evolution, huh?
If you wanna complete your Pokédex, you'll eventually have to battle the Land Spirit Pokémon in the ruinzzz. You did know that, right? Zz-zz-zz!
So, if there'zzz another world out there that looks just like this one but it izzzn't this one... then would the Pokémon that live there be kind of like the onezzz in this world...but a little different?
Congratulationzzz, bucko! You did it! You met all the Pokémon to be found on Poni!
Why don't you check out just what kind of Pokémon it izzz that you caught, pal?
Why don't you check out what kind of new Pokémon your pal evolved into, eh, bucko? Zz-zz-zz!
Ooh, why don't you see what kind of Pokémon wazzz born from that Egg, kiddo?
Hey! Let'zzz check out what kind of Pokémon it is!
Congratzzz! You registered a Pokémon in your Pokédex. It'zzz a red-letter day...and I'm about as red as anything!
Hot diggity! Look at you—you're on fire, partner! You've filled in all the Pokémon on a single page! It's like we're playing bingo over here! Zz-zz-zz!
Zzzrt! You registered a Land Spirit Pokémon! If I were you, I'd check it out at once!
Zzzrt! You registered a Legendary Pokémon! That's, well, legendary! Let'zzz check it out!
You've cleared your first big step, pal! Zzz-zzt! Keep on filling up that Melemele Pokédex!
Lookzzz like you're getting to know the Pokémon on Melemele Island pretty well, partner!
You've made it over the hump for the Melemele Pokédex! You're rolling along azzz smooth as a Poké Ball!
Zzt! If you've managed to fill thizzz much of the Melemele Pokédex in, then I bet you could even teach the professor a thing or two about the local Pokémon!
Zzt! You're so close! I can almozzzt taste it! So, so close to completing the Melemele Pokédex!
You did it! The Melemele Pokédex izzz complete! Zz-zz-zz! You really are something, kiddo!
You've cleared your first big step, pal! Zzz-zzt! Keep on filling up that Akala Pokédex!
Lookzzz like you're getting to know the Pokémon on Akala Island pretty well, partner!
You've made it over the hump for the Akala Pokédex! You're rolling along azzz smooth as a Poké Ball!
Zzt! If you've managed to fill thizzz much of the Akala Pokédex in, then I bet you could even teach the professor a thing or two about the local Pokémon!
Zzt! You're so close! I can almozzzt taste it! So, so close to completing the Akala Pokédex!
You did it! The Akala Pokédex izzz complete! Zz-zz-zz! You really are something, kiddo!
You've cleared your first big step, pal! Zzz-zzt! Keep on filling up that Ula'ula Pokédex!
Lookzzz like you're getting to know the Pokémon on Ula'ula Island pretty well, partner!
You've made it over the hump for the Ula'ula Pokédex! You're rolling along azzz smooth as a Poké Ball!
Zzt! If you've managed to fill thizzz much of the Ula'ula Pokédex in, then I bet you could even teach the professor a thing or two about the local Pokémon!
Zzt! You're so close! I can almozzzt taste it! So, so close to completing the Ula'ula Pokédex!
You did it! The Ula'ula Pokédex izzz complete! Zz-zz-zz! You really are something, kiddo!
You've cleared your first big step, pal! Zzz-zzt! Keep on filling up that Poni Pokédex!
Lookzzz like you're getting to know the Pokémon on Poni Island pretty well, partner!
You've made it over the hump for the Poni Pokédex! You're rolling along azzz smooth as a Poké Ball!
Zzt! If you've managed to fill thizzz much of the Poni Pokédex in, then I bet you could even teach the professor a thing or two about the local Pokémon!
Zzt! You're so close! I can almozzzt taste it! So, so close to completing the Poni Pokédex!
You did it! The Poni Pokédex izzz complete! Zz-zz-zz! You really are something, kiddo!
Zzzt! You're moving along at a nice clip, partner! Keep up the pace and find all Alola'zzz Pokémon!
You're almozzzt up to 100 Pokémon in your 'Dex, pal! There are plenty of different kinds of Pokémon, huh? Some are even azzz great...azzz me! Zz-zz-zz!
You've made it over the hump for the Alola Pokédex! You're rolling along azzz smooth as a Poké Ball!
Lookzzz like you're well on your way to becoming an expert on the Pokémon all around the Alola region! Zz-zzt!
Just one last big push and you'll be there! Zzzt! You can do it! Complete the Alola Pokédex! Zz-zzt!
We're in the final countdown! My circuitzzz are tingling! You're really gonna do it: you're gonna complete the entire Alola Pokédex, aren't you?! You clever thing, you! Zz-zz-zz!
GOAAALLL! You did it! You really did it, pal! You completed the Alola Pokédex! Zzz-zzzzzt!














































































































Zzzrt?! It'zzz an unidentified Pokémon! Go check it out quick!
Zzzrt?! This Pokémon... I don't even know how to describe it... But my circuitzzz are tingling!
Zzzrk?! Wait... Izzz that— Izzz that a Mythical Pokémon?!
