











If you need some help, give me a little poke in the middle of my map! But not too hard! Zz-zzt!
I've set the Trainers' School as our destination! Let's get this show on the road! Zzzt!
So izzz a Trainers' School where Trainers go to learn? Or do Trainers do the teaching?
Find those four Pokémon Trainers! Zzz-zzzt! You find 'em, you battle 'em, you beat 'em!
Zzrt?! You were called to the office already? Naughty boygirl! It's off to 2F with you!
Hau'oli izzz ready for us and I'm ready for it! Let's go! Life in the big city is a-calling!
Zzrt?! He wants you to pet that big ol' Tauros?! If I had a pulse, it'd be racing right now!
Looks like your next destination izzz a trial site. It's off to Verdant Cavern, plucky adventurer!
Izzz something going on in the Berry fields?! Get in there! I need my Berry supply kept safe!
Time for training! Time for trials! Time for us to storm that Verdant Cavern! Zzt!
Thozzze Pokémon are pretty fierce little things! Good luck getting all the way through the cave!
Now! To the heart of the cave! It's finally time to get your mitts on your first Z-Crystal! Zzzt!
It'zzz been a while since you last battled Hau... Looks like he'd rather make it a regular thing!
Zzt! Finally time for you to take on Hala himself! Get yourself off to Iki Town...if you dare to!
You should probably meet up with Kahuna Hala. I'd guess he'zzz around Iki Town somewhere...
A Pokémon battle against big Kahuna Hala! I'm tingling all over—almost like I'm Electric! Ha!
You done telling your mom that you're off on an adventure? Then it'zzz off to the Marina next!
When you're ready to blow this lemonade stand, let's go to the Marina and set sail! Zz-zz-zz!
Zzzzzrrt! Nice to meet you, pal! Gentle on the goods, OK?
Zzrt?! He wants you to pet that big ol' Tauros?! If I had a pulse, it'd be racing right now!
I don't know about you, but I'm ready for a nice stroll around Hau'oli. Especially the beach!
Hau'oli's got plenty of tall buildings, zzz-zzt! It's even got a tourist bureau of its own!
Plenty of shopzzz to check out in Hau'oli. Even an apparel shop. If I had a body, I'd go!
There're even government offices here in Hau'oli. Just what everyone wants in paradise! Zzz-zzt!
Did I hear someone say Team Skull? In the Marina? Zz-zz-zz!
Team Skull or malasadazzz... How can we choose? I wanna check out both!
Ohhhh! A battle against those Team Skull numskullzzz in the Marina? Count me in!
Greetings! It's Captain Ilima there! Zz-zz-zz! What do you bet he's as strong as he thinks?
If you want to see more of that dreamboat Ilima, he's waitin' for you outside that cave of hizzz!
Where could Lillie have gone off to? Route 3 izzz not big. But it izzz pretty bare...
Zzt! Hurry it up and save Nebby already! We little Pokémon need all the help we can get!
Good save, boyomissy! Now let's ditch these flowers before I sneeze myself right outta this 'Dex!
A Poké Finder?! I wanna give it a try! Zzz-zzt! Boy, I might never want to leave this Pokédex!
Finders keepers and thizzz Finder is mine! Press [0xE005] whenever you see the icon change!
Route 2 izzz just too exciting to miss to-day! There is, to wit, two-plus-two buildings to find!
I think I see something in front of Route 2... Something I didn't really want to see again...
What do you think there izzz beyond Route 2? It's too much! I can't wait to see it all!
Enough with all this helping folks outta pinches! Let'zzz get to that trial at last, kiddo!
It's finally time to take on that Ilima character! I'm tingling with excitement! Or just electricity...
So this izzz Heahea City? I can see the sea! Let's give the city a good search before we go!
Zzz-zzt! My Rotom sense izzz tingling! There's a beautiful building to be explored up ahead!
Zmm! That Sina and Dexio smell like a challenge! You can just feel the power coming off of them!
There'zzz a town up Route 4 we've never seen! Nothing gets me fired up like a new destination!
Ahhh... Now this izzz a mighty fine place. I reckon I could get to like it here, pardner.
Route 5 izzz pretty famous among Trainers as being a great place to train your team up! Zzzt!
Next stop izzz another trial site! Brooklet Hill! What's a brooklet anyway? Is it like a booklet?
Let's follow Lana and see what's up ahead! Oooh, I hope it'zzz something good!
So what izzz causing that splashing? Go see! But don't drop me in there! I'm not waterproof!
Can't you hear that splashing from up ahead? I don't even have earzzz, and I can! Zz-zzt!
Another suspicious bit of splashing out there! Don't let any droplets get on me, pleazzze!
Zrt?! What in—?! When did Lana get past us? That girl must have some super secret power!
We're going all the way into Brooklet Hill? I don't know about thizzz... I've got a bad feelin'!
Zzzrt... Th-that big splashing over there... Do you think that'zzz just another Wishiwashi?
I'm pretty sure I saw something that looked like a town farther down Route 6. Zzzrt?
Zoinks! What're you waiting for? Let'zzz go! I wanna see that Battle Royal Dome for myself!
My circuits are all lit up! It'zzz electrifying! Let's live it up at the Battle Royal Dome!
Seemzzz like Wela Volcano Park lies off Route 7. Careful you don't end up in any hot water, pal!
Was there something different between the first and the second dances?! What am I mizzzing?!
Blast past that Captain'zzz barricade and into your next adventure, pal! You're on fire! Zzzt!
The next trial site should be past Route 8 and its salty breeze, perfect for rusting my partzzz!
Zzrt? Time for your third trial on Akala Island? Then off to Lush Jungle! It sounds so luxuriant!
Zzzrmmm... I'm not such a big fan of jungles... Where are all the comfy machines at, huh?!
Zoo-hoo! Time for uzzz to get cooking, partner! We'll have that Totem Pokémon here in a flash!
Didn't the professor tell you to head for that Dimensional Research Lab? Zzz-zzrt?
Off to the Dimensional Research Lab! Zzzp! Though the dimensions of my 'Dex are perfect...
What? Doezzz the prof think we've got nothing better to do than read things and talk to folks?
Diglett's Tunnel? What a lucky bunch... I wanna have a place named after me, too! Zzzt!
If we get through this tunnel, we'll be just steps away from Konikoni City, big boyclever girl! Zzzzp!
Zzzrrr... Which one izzz Olivia's shop? Why doesn't my map have this programmed in?
So it's the Ruinzzz of Life next! Head east off of Route 9 and kiss civilization good-bye!
I think I like that Aether Foundation lady... Did you see, zzt? Was she looking my way?
Nothing like beating Team Skull numskullzzz! But now it's back on track to the Ruins of Life.
What type of Pokémon do you wanna bet that Kahuna Olivia will use? I'm gonna go with...Rock.
You do know the Hano Grand Rezzzort, right? It's only, like, the most famous hotel in Alola!
You interested in meeting the prezzzident? She should be somewhere in here, right?
Zzrt?! I've never seen a Pokémon like that!! A-are we really gonna fight that...that thing?!
Malie Garden? Never heard of it myzzzelf. What kind of place do you think it'll be? Zzzr?
Uh...so...where'zzz the professor? He is the one who told us to come here, yeah?
This place kinda reminds me of the Johto region. Thizzz Malie City place, I mean. You know? Zzt?
Malie Library next, huh? Zzz-zzt... Well, you could probably do with some learning!
Didn't Lillie say she'd be upstairzzz? Or am I just hearing thingzzz?
There are plenty of Pokémon living on Route 10! Wouldn't you like to meet a few? Zz-zz-zzt!
When is that Exeggutor Express gonna come? Maybe the bus stop will give you a clue? Zzrt?
Hokulani Observatory is on Mount Hokulani's peak. The air izzz real clear at high altitudes!
I think you'd better go with Molayne there, pal. See what Hokulani Observatory hazzz to offer.
This trial that "Soffy" and "Big Mo" devised... I've gotta say, it's left me in the dark! Zz-zz-zz!
So the professor's back in Malie Garden again? Find him to give him that mask, my friend! Zzt!
You did clear, heh, "Soffy's" trial, right? What's holding you back then? Let's explore!
If we go through the captain's barricade, we can finally get out onto Route 12!
I gotta admit, friend. I do love a good Mudsdale! It just looks so strong and sturdy, yeah? Zzzt!
Does Tapu Village have something to do with THE tapu? The guardianzzz of the islandzzz?
Aether House? Is it another part of the Aether Foundation? 'Cauzzze I'll eat my 'Dex if it's not!
Acerola's trial is your next hurdle, bucko! Come on! Let'zzz head outside and get to it!
OK, the next trial site is creeping me out a bit. Zzz-zzz... You sure we need to go in there?
OK! OK, fine, we're doing it! We're going in! It's still creepy, but let'zzz get this trial going!
Another trial cleared and completed! Zzt-zzt! Now, let's split. Aether House izzz a-waiting!
Izzz Yungoos gonna be OK? We've gotta find it! My circuitzzz can't take this kind of stress!
The infamouzzz Po Town... It'zzz a bit scary, but I guess we've got no choice but to search it!
The place izzz crawling with Team Skull Grunts! Watch yourself in here, my jammy friend!
I've got a bad feeling about thizzz place... Like there's something bad in the heart of Po Town...
You got that crazzzy quizzz right, clever kid! I knew you could! Now onto the boss's room!
Huzzah! You beat that grody goon Guzzzma! Now let'zzz get outta this place!
Let'zzz go after Acerola! We've gotta go back to Aether House!
Gladion wanted to meet up at the Malie City Ferry Terminal, right? Let's zzzip right over!
Zmmm... I feel thizzz weird, overwhelming power coming from Nanu! Be careful if you take him on!
Be careful, my friend...and onto the elevator! We've made it thizzz far together!
Zmmm! If you're ready, better talk to Gladion. He seemzzz to be calling the shots here!
They went and named their secret labs azzz... Secret Lab A and B? This place is bad newzzz...
Well, it looks like we're headed for Secret Lab B! Never thought I'd have to say that... Zzzrt...
Better read all the documents you can find... Who knowzzz if we'll ever get down here again?
Go after Hau! Don't let him leave us behind! Get thozzze human clodhoppers moving!
We've got to get back to the elevator again! And quick! We're clozzze to something big!
Gladion! Hau! Where are you, guys?! We should all work together on thizzz, right?!
If you want to find Lusamine, we've gotta get to the entrance on 1F before it'zzz too late!
Zzz-zzt! Do you think Lillie izzz with Lusamine? That izzz what Ms. Wicke said, right?
Well done, my brave companion! You beat Guzzzma! Now let's find Lusamine!
Zoinks! Go after Lusamine, like, yezzzterday! She must have gone somewhere farther in!
Th-that Lusamine lady... She really scares me... All humanzzz aren't like that, right?
Feeling refreshed and ready for more, pal? Let'zzz head out and see what's waiting for us!
Everyone is waiting where boatzzz come in! Let's get out of this place!
Seafolk Village? That's what thizzz izzz? Hmm. Seems worth having a look around!
Keep on stomping around Poni Island, partner! There izzz plenty to explore, that's for sure!
Zrrmmm? I seem to be picking up signzzz of more people and Pokémon in the Poni Wilds...
The Ruins of Hope are past Poni Breaker Coast! Let'zzz hope they're cheerier than they sound...
In we go...to the Ruinzzz of Hope... Are they hopeful ruins? Or where hopes end?
Look at thozzze muscles! Push! Shove! Go! Machamp will get us through thezzze ruins!
Zzt! Don't let Hapu leave uzzz eating dust! Back to Seafolk Village, on the double!
If we're hoping the seafolk will give us a ride, then I guess we should talk to their chief! Zzt!
I don't know what we'll find at the end of Exeggutor Island. That izzz where we're going!
I could keep exploring Exeggutor Island all day! Let'zzz find some more of those giant eggheads!
Lillie ran ahead somewhere! Where'd she go? And, uh, does she still get lost all the time?
The Vast Poni Canyon liezzz up the way from the Ancient Poni Path where Hapu livezzz.
Can I admit something to you, friend? Truth is... I totally dig that Team Skull pose! Zz-zz-zzt!
Once more unto the breach! Or the canyon! Zzt! You'd better be ready for Hapu's grand trial.
The Vast Poni Canyon izzz a real beast of a place, but we've got to get you through it! Zzt!
You OK, big boymy girl? Not too tuckered out? Don't give up yet! We can do thizzz!
Lillie izzz sure doing her best, too, isn't she? She's on fire and she lookzzz totally cool to me!
We can't let Lillie outshine us, partner! Let's get a move on, too! Zz-zz-zzzt!
Is there a trial in the Vast Poni Canyon? Zrrmm... Isn't the whole place trial enough?
What's up with thizzz Vast Poni Canyon trial? Doesn't it kind of remind you of Ilima'zzz trial?
You cleared another trial! But the real trial will still be pushing on beyond thizzz point, I think!
Zoinks! Would you look at all thozzze stairzzz?! If you make it up them all, you'll reach the altar!
The time hazzz finally come! Make sure you and Lillie both blow your flutezzz at the same time!
We can't open up an Ultra Wormhole if Nebby izzz not here with us. Did you forget?
The Pokémon League should be way up at the peak of Mount Lanakila! Brr-rrr-zrrr-zzzr...
Mount Lanakila izzz famous for being the most impregnable of all Alola's various mountains...
Zzzzzzzzt! Do it, kid! Become the Champion! I've been with you all this time—I know you can!
Zzrm? A battle against Nebby, eh? Do your bezzzt to be found worthy as a Trainer!











There are still plenty of great Pokémon out there to be found in the Alola region! Zzz-zzt!
I've heard that real fearsome Trainers like to gather somewhere on Poni Island... Zzt?
Ohhhh yeah... Didn't we hear something about Ultra Beasts appearing around Alola, pal?
*zaaawn* Boy, I am just bushed today... Don't know why...
I miss Hau. Do you miss Hau? We should bring him some malasada sometime.
I wazzz just thinking about Lillie... Do you think she's still in her Z-Powered form?
Alola! Alola! Zzz-zzz-zzzt! This region's better than a box full of machines!
You sure there's no Z-Crystal out there for me? I've thought up plenty of sweet Z-Movezzz!
I'm just zzzoning out down here... Zzzoning out...zzzoning in...zzzoning on and on...
Today's a fine day for registering Pokémon! I love the smell of 'Dexing in the morning!
Zzrt?! I can feel it... Ooooh-ho-ho, I can feel it! The presence of a previously unseen Pokémon!









