Welcome to Mystery Gift!
RECEIVE GIFT
CHECK THE CARD ALBUM
INFO
QUIT
GET VIA LOCAL WIRELESS
GET VIA INTERNET
GET VIA INFRARED
GET WITH CODE
BACK
ABOUT MYSTERY GIFT
ABOUT THE CARD ALBUM
WHEN THE ALBUM IS FULL
The communication channel must be opened. Is that OK?
Please choose how you want to receive your gift.
Launch local wireless communication?
Infrared communications will be launched. Face your Nintendo 3DS system toward the other system, and press the A Button.
Searching for a gift. Please wait...


Receive this gift?
Receiving your gift... Don't turn off the power.
The gift has been received! Please pick up your gift from the delivery girl in any Pokémon Center.
You are out of room for gifts.
You are out of room for Wonder Cards. You may not accept another gift until you throw away one or more Wonder Cards.
Please throw away one card you no longer need to keep.
You must throw away one card to receive a Mystery Gift. Is that OK?

There were no gifts to be found...
There was a problem with receiving the gift.
A gift has been found, but it cannot be received using this game.
You have already received this gift. You cannot get another one.
The gift was not there...
Wireless communication is currently disabled. Please turn wireless communication on.
Wonder Card
Date received
A Button: Done
A Button: Sort
CARD ALBUM
<var>/<var>/20<var>
<var>/<var>
What would you like to do with this Wonder Card?
This card cannot be thrown away, because you have not picked up your gift yet.
Is it OK to throw away this card?
Please select a card to swap with.
Saving your Card Album... Don't turn off the power.
SWAP
DISCARD
What would you like to know about?
Mystery Gift allows you to receive great gifts through various communication modes. Once you have received a gift, please go to any Pokémon Center and pick it up from the delivery girl.
When you've received a Mystery Gift, your Wonder Card will be displayed in the Card Album. When you've picked up the gift from a delivery girl, the card will have a stamp on it. Make sure to pick up gifts when the cards aren't stamped. There is a limit to how many cards you can save in the Album. You can store up to 24 cards. When the card slots are full, you will not be able to receive any more. Please delete some from the Album.
When you cannot receive new cards, please check the Card Album. If it's full with 24 Wonder Cards, choose a Wonder Card from a gift you've already picked up and press the A Button to throw it away. If you have gifts waiting, go to any Pokémon Center and pick them up from the delivery girl.
You will be connected to the Internet. Would you like to continue?
Connecting to the Internet. Please stand by...
You failed to enter the correct code, so you can't try reentering the code for a while. Please try again later.
Please enter the code.
Verifying the code. Don't turn off the power.

Saving... Don't turn off the power.
The code is incorrect. Please check your code.
Do you want to try entering the code again?
Attention! If your battery runs out while you are receiving a gift with a code, you will no longer be able to receive the gift using the same code. Please check the Nintendo 3DS Battery. Would you like to receive a gift with a code?
The code is incorrect. Please check your code.
Your game cannot receive the gift provided by this code.

Your game cannot receive the gift this code provides.
This gift has already been received.
You have already received this gift.

You cannot receive this gift.
You cannot yet receive the gift provided by this code.
The code has expired. You cannot receive the gift.
The code update failed... You cannot receive the gift provided by this code.
