
Huh. You're not too shabby, <var>.


Huh. You're not too shabby, <var>.


Huh. You're not too shabby, <var>.


Wow! That's great! <var>, you're pretty good!


Wow! That's great! <var>, you're pretty good!


Wow! That's great! <var>, you're pretty good!

If you have Pokémon with you, then you're an official Pokémon Trainer! You can't say no to my challenge!
Arrgh, I lost... I should have trained mine more...
Listen, you. If you're strong, you should have told me from the start!
Ever since I lost to you, I've trained my Pokémon like crazy. You can't say no to my challenge!
Arrgh, I lost... Is my training method not right?
If you're going to get stronger, I'll get stronger, too.
I got stronger, too, thanks to you! Take this as a sign of my gratitude!
Haha! Our eyes met! I'll take you on with my Bug Pokémon!
Ow! Down and out!
If you lock eyes with a Trainer, you have to challenge! It's a rule!
I caught a whole bunch of Pokémon! Go, go, go! My Bug Pokémon team!
I have all these Pokémon, but I couldn't win...
I caught a bunch of Pokémon. Now I'm out of Poké Balls.
I'm going to keep winning and aim to be the best Trainer. Help me further my career!
I ended up furthering your career...
To keep winning my way up, I see that I have to catch more Pokémon.
Did you feel the tug of our soul- soothing fragrance?
You weren't led astray by our aroma...
Aromatherapy can heal your mind and body.
I'm Amy, and this is my twin sister, Liv! We're gonna fight you together!
The two of us fight together as one!
Amy: We lost... Liv: We lost, Sis...
Taking on two opponents really makes you think!
My sister and I are the perfect team, but we still lost!
What?! You only have one Pokémon! You can't battle us like that!
If you want to battle us, you need two Pokémon! You'll be no match for us otherwise!
Gah! My fishing line's all snarled up! I'm getting frustrated! That's it! Battle me!
Gah! Lost it! I'm even more annoyed now!
Gah, I'm still boiling mad... Grrrrr...
Why keep it a secret? I'm the Water-Pokémon expert! Huh? You don't know me?
I thought I wasn't too bad, if I may say so, but I guess not... Bleah...
I got so into fishing that I forgot I had to raise my Pokémon...
If we were fishing, you wouldn't stand a chance against me. So, bring on your Pokémon!
If we were fishing, I would've won...
I think I'll try my luck at landing a big one at Meteor Falls. There has to be something in there. I just know it.
Leaving footprints in the sand is so fun!
Waah! I got sand in my runners! They're all gritty!
I want to leave my footprints in the sand everywhere, but they disappear quickly...
Should I... Or shouldn't I? OK, sure, I will battle!
Maybe I shouldn't have battled...
If you're faced with a decision and you let someone else choose for you, you will regret it—however things turn out.
Come on, battle with me!
Ohh... I thought I could win...
I made the decision to battle, so I can accept this loss in grace. I am still upset about losing, though!
I'm disappointed, but I have to thank you for that battle! Here, take this!
We learn all sorts of things at the Trainers' School. I want to test things out for real!
I slacked off in school... That's why I lost.
I'll have to redo some courses at the Trainers' School. If I don't, Roxanne will be steamed.
I've been studying seriously at the Trainers' School. I won't lose like I did last time.
Hunh? I studied diligently.
I'll have to redo some courses at the Trainers' School. If I don't, Roxanne will be steamed.
I'll give you this, so don't tell Roxanne that I lost, OK?
I study at school, and I study on the way home, too!
I'm in shock—I lost?
Awww, I'll never become an elegant Trainer like Roxanne this way!
I studied a whole lot since I saw you. You must see my achievements!
I'm in shock! I lost again?
Have you beaten Roxanne? Then I won't be able to beat you now.
I'm quite shocked, but also motivated. If you'd like, please use this.

Y-you're crazy strong!

Whoa! Stay away from me! Get away!
I was knocked out. Out like a light!
Huh? You aren't with that girl who uses Dragon types?! Oh man... I feel silly for being scared.
If you can't beat me, you won't stand a chance against Roxanne!
Wow! You've got some potential!
Roxanne is several times stronger than me. You'd better be on your guard!
My Pokémon and I rule! Check us out!
Ouch! A scrape! I have to put on a bandage!
Bandages are signs of toughness! I've got another one!
My Bug Pokémon are tough! Let's battle!
I lost! I thought I had you!
Bug Pokémon evolve quickly, so they get strong quickly, too.
Let me teach you how strong my adorable Pokémon is!
You're a notch above me...
Pokémon that possess cuteness and power, that's ideal, I think.
Whew! I was worried that a kid was drowning when I saw you. You seem to be OK, so what do you say to a battle?
Glub... Glub...
You're so strong for your age! How wonderful! When you get a little older, why don't you try being a lifeguard with me?
Swimming the deep blue sea... It's the greatest feeling!
I lost... Now I'm feeling blue...
Why is the sea blue? I learned about that at the museum in Slateport, but I totally forgot.
My body feels lighter in the water. It's like I've gotten slimmer!
I'm floating...
Your body weight is reduced to just one tenth in the water. That would make me... Whoops! I'm not telling you my weight!
The blue, blue sky... The vast sea... It's so peaceful...
I lost while I was lounging!
I want to be told I'm relaxing to be with. Giggle.
Hahaha! I'm a lousy runner, but in the water you can't catch me!
I give up!
I wouldn't lose in a swim race...
The sea is my backyard. I'm not going to take it easy because you're a kid!
Did you take it easy on me by any chance?
Drifting along with the waves... I love it! Why don't you give it a try?
Which do you prefer, fishing in the sea or a stream?
Like in deep-sea fishing, I lost spectacularly!
Fishing is the greatest, whether it's in the sea or in a stream. You agree with me, right?
I caught a bunch of Pokémon by fishing. I'll show you an impressive battle!
I lost spectacularly again!
Win or lose, Pokémon are the greatest! You agree with me, right?
Time for a lavish banquet!
What do people do if they need to go take a break? What if my rod hooks a big one while I'm in the washroom? I just can't leave...
I lost because I'm trying to not go to the washroom...
Oh, no! I've got this feeling I'll hook a big one!
My electric soul, it'll shatter your dreams whole, whoa-yeah!
That was plugged in, amped up, overdriven electric, man!
Pokémon and rock, it's all about heart, whoa yeah!
I trained under Wattson! There ain't no way I'd lose easily!
Unplugged and turned off...
Wattson, our Gym Leader, has been around for a long, long time. He was battling even before your daddy was born, that tough coot.
Yawn... I must have drifted off to sleep while I was drifting in the waves.
Ahaha, I lost... I'll take a snooze, I think...
Floating and being rocked by the waves— it's like sleeping in a plush, comfy bed.
The sea is like my backyard. Let's battle!
I lost on my home field... I'm in shock!
I swim the seas with a heart full of dreams... It's a song! Anyways, I'm gonna swim some more!
Swimming in the vast, deep sea, my Pokémon has grown a lot stronger!
What a shock! My Pokémon has gotten stronger, but I stayed weak as a Trainer!
What you learn in battle makes you a stronger Trainer. The waves taught me that.
I lost, so I guess I have no choice! I'll go ahead and give this to you!
Do you know a little town called Dewford?
I hate this!
A weird saying is getting really trendy at Dewford Hall.
Did you want to battle me? Sure, I'll go up against you!
I was no match for you.
I think you're going to keep getting better. I'll go for it, too!
My dream is to swim the world's seven seas!
I won't be able to swim the seven seas like this...
Playing with marine Pokémon is one of the pleasures of swimming!
Ahoy, there! Are you going out to Sea Mauville, too?
I might not make it...
Sea Mauville is like a hidden tourist spot around here.
My liar of a boyfriend told me that I look great in a bikini...
Oh, boo!
Even if it's a lie, I love being told I look great... We girls are so complex...
I love the sea! I forget all my worries when I swim!
When I lose a battle, I get all stressed out!
Work off your stress by swimming! It's so healthy!
Hiyah! Look at my chiseled abs! This is what you call "cut"!
Aiyah! Flubbed out!
Hiyah! My sculpted abs have nothing to do with Pokémon battles!
Are you properly protected against the sun?
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
My cheeks are the most prone to burning!
I've laid anchor in ports around the world, but Slateport's the best.
You're the best!
In the best port was the best Trainer...
Urrrrppp... Battle? With me?
Urp... Ooooooohhhhhh... Urrrrpppp...
I'm usually stronger than this! I'm just seasick as a dog! I am a Sailor, though...
Doesn't a beach umbrella look like a giant flower?
Mommy!
If you look at the beach from the sky, it looks like a big flower garden!
I'm not losing to you again! That's why I have my inner tube!
Mommy!
When I have an inner tube, me and my Pokémon's cuteness goes way up!
I won't give you my tube, but I'll give you this!
Whoa! Watch it! I guess you're not used to Bike racing.
Whoa! My brakes failed!
Flat tires and brake problems can cause serious injury! Inspect your Bike for problems!
Yo, you! Can you keep up with my speed?
Crash and burn!
Speed alone won't let me win Pokémon battles. I need to reconsider this...










Could I see your Pokémon? Just one look, please?
I wanted to complete my collection.
When I see a Pokémon that I don't know, my passion as a collector is ignited!
Hi, have you caught any new Pokémon? Could I see your Pokémon? Just one look, please?
Your Pokémon... I envy you.
I long to make all rare Pokémon mine!
I lost, so it can't be helped. I'll give you this from my collection that I'm so proud of.
Hey! Don't sneak up behind me when I'm fishing!
I lost! Drat!
Fishing is all about concentration. You have to focus on the bobber.
I'm Amy! This is my sister, Liv! We battle together!
The two of us fight together as one!
Amy: I'm disappointed... We weren't able to win... Liv: We lost again, Sis...
Taking on two opponents really makes you think!
My sister and I are the perfect team... How could we lose again?
What?! You have only one Pokémon! You can't battle us like that!
If you want to battle us, you need two Pokémon! You'll be no match for us otherwise!
Might is right! Come on!
Not enough power...
Your skill overcame my strength! Your technique is commendable!
You're a Pokémon Trainer. No need for words. We battle now.
...
It was I who challenged you, and yet I lost. I am deeply shamed...
I contemplate Pokémon 24 hours a day. How could you possibly beat me?
I lose. I will concede defeat.
Urggh... You're a Pokémon fanatic, aren't you? You must contemplate Pokémon 24 hours a day, right?
There's no need for Brawly to be involved! I'll crush you!
But... How? How could I lose so easily?
I'm not going to waste this loss. I'll use it to motivate me to train! One day, I'll become a Gym Leader... No, I'll become the Pokémon League Champion!
Don't you dare brush me off! It's not my fault if you cry!
Waaaaaaah! I lost!
A long time ago at Dewford Gym, it was always dark inside. We trained our minds by practicing in the dark!







That was a magnificent battle!


My Pokémon's stats weren't lowered, but I still lost...


I couldn't restore HP enough... What Attack power...


Your power... You're the real deal.


You were a cut above me...


Our defenses weren't enough...


But... I went all out!













My passionate love for my Bike has brought me here!
Your Bike is lovely, too...
I absolutely love my Bike, but I'm not coordinated enough to ride it... I can't ride, so I'm just sneakily watching all the people riding their Bikes.
I've finally made it to Mt. Chimney. I want to make my Pokémon battle!
The way you battle... It's just like a Mt. Chimney eruption!
Like I said, I've finally made it to Mt. Chimney. It would be a shame if I only do a little sightseeing... I want to get in some battles and buy Lava Cookies as souvenirs.

Huh? Did I really lose?

Hahahaha! How about we have a battle? You and me! Hahahaha!
I lost! Hahahaha!
This isn't fun at all, but for some reason I c-can't stop laughing! Hahahaha!
My legs are solid from pounding up and down the mountains. They're not going to buckle easily, friend!
Ouch! My legs cramped up!
Try hiking, and I mean really pounding, on these mountain trails with a heavy pack weighing dozens of pounds. That, my friend, will get your body in serious shape.
I've been keeping fit by hiking. Power, I have in spades!
I got trumped in power?
I hear there are some seriously tough Trainers on top of Mt. Chimney. I intend to get up there and give them a challenge!
All right, take this. Hikers have big enough hearts to praise the winner.
I'm strong. I won't cry if I lose.
Waaaah!
I'm not crying because I miss my mommy! Sniffle...
When you're out on a picnic, why, you simply have to sing! Come on, sing with me!
Oh, you're so strong!
It doesn't matter if you're good or bad at singing or Pokémon battles. If you have the most fun, you win!
Owowowowow! Yikes, it's hot!
I'm blinded by sweat in my eyes...
A hot bath promotes circulation. It's effective for healing pain in your joints.



I'm trying to relieve my stress. Don't come along and stress me out!
I hope Flannery burns you good!
Haaah... Whew... If you spend too much time in the bath, it tuckers you out...



You must be getting tired by now. You'd like to rest in a hot bath, eh? But you should know that maintaining your willpower is an important ability for all Trainers.
Play with fire, get burned...
Your skill is real... But our Leader Flannery is strong. If you don't watch yourself, she'll burn you up!
Can you guess why it's so cool around here?
Peeuuw! That stinks!
The volcanic ash blocks the sun, so it doesn't get very warm. That's good for me—I can't stand heat!
The volcano's eruption is proof that the world is alive.
You're some kind of strong!
Ouch! Owww! I can't see! I got ashes in my eyelashes! Get it? Ashes rhymes with lashes? OK, that was bad, sorry...



I'll make sure you've been raising your Pokémon right.
Yes, you're raising your Pokémon right.
If you feed Pokéblocks to Pokémon, the unique aspects of their character will be enhanced.
I'll make sure you're still raising your Pokémon right.
You're raising your Pokémon wonderfully.
Pokémon seem to like different kinds of Pokéblocks, depending on their nature.
For you, who has raised your Pokémon so well!
Yo-de-lay-i-hoo! ... You have to shout "yo-de-lay-i-hoo," too, since it doesn't echo here!
Yo-de-lay-i-hoo!
When I was a wee tyke, I believed there was someone copying me and shouting back, "Yo-de-lay-i-hoo!"
If you're not prepared, you shouldn't be up in the mountains!
The mountains are unforgiving...
In the winter, mountains turn deadly with blizzards and avalanches.
Camping's fun! You can fish, roast marshmallows, and tell spooky stories! But the best of all are the Pokémon battles!
Way too strong!
I'm happy enough just going camping with my Pokémon.
I need to exercise after a meal. Let's have a match!
Oh, no!
I just had a tasty meal. I'm getting drowsy...
Ufufufufufu... Want to battle against my Pokémon?
M-my Pokémon...
A big body that's all lumpy and hard, enormous horns, and vicious fangs... Ufufufufu... I wish I had a Pokémon like that...
Ufufufufufu... Come on, battle my Pokémon...
I feel so lucky getting to see your Pokémon...
Ufufufufufu... When I see Pokémon battling, I get all shivery and shaky...
Ufufufufufu... You want this? You want this, right?
Hmm... You seem rather capable. Let me keep you company!
You're much stronger than I imagined!
There is no such thing as a born genius. It all depends on effort! That is what I believe...
Hmm... As always, your agility speaks for itself. Come, keep me company!
As strong as ever!
All it takes is effort! I lost because I haven't put in enough effort!
I, the defeated, shall send you, the victor, this.
My! Machop! Demand a battle!
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
My Machop crew! So long as they seek power, I will grow strong with them!
My strongest skill is busting bricks with my forehead!
Ugwaaaah! My head is busted!
I've been teaching my Pokémon karate. Looks like it will be a lot better than I am! That's exciting!
After you beat me, we trained hard to improve our skills. Come on, give us a rematch!
Ugwaaah! We lost again!
My Pokémon will grow stronger! I'll redouble my training!
I-I have no choice! I'll give you this fair and square!
This beach is my secret training spot! Don't come butting in!
I haven't trained enough!
The sand acts as a cushion to reduce impact and prevent injury. This is the perfect place to train.
OK, let's get this battle going!
I can battle, but my Pokémon...
Even when I lose, I still get some enjoyment out of it. It must be that I love Pokémon.
Gracias for the bueno battle! Here you go! This is my way of saying gracias!
I have a rare Pokémon! Would you like me to show you?
You... You want my Pokémon, don't you?
I have this rare Pokémon. It's enough to keep me satisfied.
The aroma of flowers has a magical power. It cleanses us, body and soul.
Oh, dear me. I seem to have lost.
Flowers, Pokémon... I love whatever smells nice. Stinky things... I'll pass.
Were you drawn here by the sweet aroma?
The power of aroma... It didn't seem to do much.
If you use Sweet Scent properly, Pokémon will be attracted by it.
Ufufu... Will you check whether this present from me is sweet or not?
Bird Pokémon that Fly elegantly in the sky... They're the best!
Urgh... I crashed...
You've got great Pokémon. I'll have to train mine better.
We're the Mimic Circle! We Mimic what you do!
Whoopsie! I lost!
What's so good about mimicry? Fufufu... You'll never understand...
So, we finally meet! My Bug Pokémon will keep you company!
I wish we'd never met...
I want to Mimic you some more. Can you hurry up and move?
If you step forward, we step forward. If you turn right, we turn, too...
But if you win, I lose...
I can't Mimic you winning the match. That's just impossible... It's burning me up...
Yep, you've finally caught me! Or were you trying to avoid me?
Whoop, that was a great match!
We're the Mimic Circle! I hope you enjoyed our performance.
You don't know who I am, do you? Well... I don't know you, either. Let's just battle anyway!
You're pretty strong, aren't you?!
Until you go away somewhere, we'll keep on mimicking your every move.
The Mimic Circle was formed by people who like to Mimic. A battle starts the instant we meet!
I surrender!
Won't you join our Mimic Circle?
Who has the knowledge and the technique for survival? Pokémon Rangers, that's who!
I didn't have enough Pokémon know-how...
To break away from civilization and awaken the wild spirit within! That's our vision.
I'm going to regain my wild spirit by being together with Pokémon.
You're still strong!
Believe in your Pokémon. Believe in yourself. The road will reveal itself to you.
Can you take back your wildness by using this? That depends on how motivated you are!
Oh? Look at you. For someone on an adventure, you're traveling awfully light.
Accidents happen when you're not prepared!
You're traveling light but have everything you need. You're on top of things mentally and physically, too.
How's your journey with Pokémon going?
I'm still missing something...
In the same way that you, as a Trainer, rely on your Pokémon, your Pokémon rely on you.
I hope you find this useful on your adventure with your Pokémon...
The vast sky holds untold promise! Nothing can compare to the sheer exhilaration of flight!
Down and out!
My bird Pokémon made my dreams of flying come true!
I'll show you the true potential of my bird Pokémon!
We lacked potential...
Ever since I was a little kid, I always admired bird Pokémon...
To lurk in shadows, and live in darkness... That is my destiny. I emerge to challenge you!
I admit defeat!
Those defeated in battle withdraw quietly back into the shadows. That, too, is destiny...
If you're not on your guard, you're in for some pain!
You're surprisingly good!
My surprise attack ended in failure...
Behold the elegant battle style of bird Pokémon!
You... You're strong...
A Trainer has to be smart to keep up with unexpected turns of events. Let's see if you have the smarts to get to our Leader.






The lovers of bird Pokémon aspire to join this Gym. As a member of the Fortree Gym, I'm not allowed to lose!
It was too much of a load for me to bear...
The world is huge, and there are countless tough Trainers. I'm going to keep training and make myself even stronger.
Do you have any moves that can strike a flying Pokémon?
You soared above me!
The move Fly is convenient, don't you think? While the Pokémon is flying, almost no moves can strike it.
My Pokémon is strong! How about your Pokémon?
You and your Pokémon were stronger...
A Pokémon that grows steadily is one you can count on.
A Pokémon that grows steadily is one you can count on.
You and your Pokémon are seriously strong.
My Pokémon is growing stronger. I have to grow stronger, too.
I want to go on an adventure like you someday! Please take this as a sign of my respect.






I'll check your Pokémon and see if they're fit for the outdoors.
With Pokémon that strong, you're in no danger of needing rescue!
To travel wherever your heart desires with Pokémon... That's the joy of being a Trainer.
How's your physical fitness? If you're not fit, you could have a rough time in critical situations.
I'm totally fit, but...
Fitness training is in my routine. I always run with my Pokémon.
... Wanna battle?
... I lost.
... I'll try harder.
... Wanna battle again?
... I lost again.
... I'll try harder...for my precious Bug Pokémon.
... Take it...
Hey, could I get you to battle the Pokémon I'm raising?
You've raised yours superbly...
Training Pokémon isn't all about power. Improving a unique aspect of their character is another way of enjoying Pokémon.
The Pokémon I've been raising are looking good, just like before.
You know how to raise Pokémon... You might have Day Care skills.
You're raising your Pokémon so well! Maybe you and your Pokémon should enter the Contest Spectacular.
I wonder if this will help you train Pokémon...






This is where we Dragon Tamers do our training. The Champion even visits. Now do you see how special it is here?
Urgh! I didn't expect you to be so strong!
The road ahead remains long and harsh. When will my Pokémon and I become the best?
Since we met, we have trained hard with our sights on number one. Help us see how much stronger we've become!
Urgh! I didn't expect you to be so strong!
You've obviously kept up your Pokémon training. So long as you remain strong, I, too, can become stronger!
I give this to you, whose power has surpassed that of Dragon types.
Hey, are you lost at sea? If you can beat my Pokémon, I can guide you through the currents.
I lost my bearings in battle!
Many people lose their bearings at sea. If you're that sort, you should check your location on your AreaNav as you go.
Hmmph! You're riding a Pokémon instead of swimming yourself... I'm so jealous!
Oh! It's no use...
I'm getting chilly... I've been in the water too long... I wish I could ride a Pokémon like you...
I heard you approaching, so I hung around waiting for you!
Have mercy!
Sound travels faster in water than it does through air.
Hey, there! Check out my sweet Pokémon!
I floundered...
I was blown away by Horsea's charm, so I started swimming, too.
Swimming is a full-body workout! You will get fit!
I admit it! You win!
Thanks to my daily swimming routine... Look! Feast your eyes on this physique!
This towering white mountain of rock is Sootopolis City.
Have I been beaten?!
I can't find the entrance to Sootopolis. Where could it be?
What a surprise! I didn't expect to see a Trainer out in the sea. I think we should battle!
This kid's awfully tough...
Your eyes have that look of someone who's experienced harsh challenges and won. It suits you well!
The sea is teeming with Pokémon. It's not easy swimming, I tell you.
Pokémon raised by Trainers are seriously tough...
Gasp... Gasp... I'm wiped out... Going's easy. Coming back is the hard part. Will I have the energy left to make it back?
The sea... The sea... The sea... The sea as far as these eyes can see! I'm sick and tired of the sea!
Bleah!
Bored I am by the sea, but swim I must. I'm a born swimmer! That's what I am.
I used to catch colds all the time as a kid, but I became totally fit after I started swimming.
I wanna get stronger...
Trainers travel the fields and mountains, so they must be fit, too.
Did the currents carry you here, too? This must have been fated. Let's battle!
Strong! Too much so!
It's just my luck that a tough Trainer like you would drift here... I must be cursed...
Even Pokémon that can swim get swept away by these currents!
Aiyeeeeh!
It looks like Pokémon enjoy these fast currents!



If you just float in the sea like this, Pokémon come around to play!
Oh... Lost at sea...
While swimming, I noticed that some Pokémon attack, and some just watch. I guess Pokémon have personalities of their own.
If you just float in the sea like this, Trainers challenge you!
That's strange... I lost again...
This has nothing to do with anything, but maybe I'll visit the Trick House.
Darn! Go on and take this from me!
I'm getting tired of swimming... How about a battle?
I had no idea that you were this strong!
All the effort you put in must have made you this strong.
I'm tired from swimming. Are you up for a battle with me?
You're too much!
Whew... Which way is it to Mossdeep City?
How would you like to take on the Water-type Pokémon I raised?
I lost...
Your power... You're the real deal. I'm amazed!
Ufufufufu! I'm a mermaid!
My fantasy burst as if it were a bubble! Blub, blub, blub...
You thrashed me... I want to disappear in a wave of despair...
Hello, kiddo! Want a battle with me?
Oh, nooooo!
I love frolicking with Pokémon in the sea like this!
In the deep blue sea, my shattered blue heart finds comfort among waves.
Like the vast blue sea, the world of Pokémon spans depths beyond belief.
The world's children dream of one day becoming the Pokémon Champion.
Hi, sweetie, wait! We should battle, you and me!
You're tough in spite of the way you look!
Did you see a guy over there who whines that he's bored of the sea? That's all talk. He's hopelessly in love with the sea!
Why do guys make such a big deal about swimsuits? They're always staring!
I'm out of my depth!
Maybe it's not my swimsuit they're looking at. Maybe I'm just that beautiful!
I try not to swim where the currents are too strong.
Oh no!
If I get swept away, I'll lose all my sense of place...
I've led a life of woe and misery... I've been cast away, and this is where I've drifted...
Another loss...
A life adrift... I don't want it anymore!
Welcome! I've been expecting you!
No! Please!
A strong child Trainer... That's so annoying!
Even those Pokémon that can swim are carried along by the rapid currents.
Aiyeeeeh!
I think Pokémon enjoy the fast-running currents around these parts.
My Luvdisc are looking for a fun match. Will you join us?
Oopsie!
There's a collector who's after the scales of Luvdisc.
Battles hinge on the strength of your spirit! The weak-spirited will never win!
I lost! I must temper my spirit again!
The indecisive lose. That's my warning to you.
Let me see your talent!
You possess spectacular talent!
If there are prodigies in the world, then that's what our Gym Leaders are! However, you may be even more talented than they are...
Fufufufu... Watch me levitate a Poké Ball telekinetically! Wrooooooooaaaar! ... Sometimes, I'm out of sync...
My Pokémon battling skills are out of sync, too!
A Poké Ball was too heavy to lift, but this dust bunny... Whoooooooooooooooh! ... No, I'm not cheating! I didn't blow on it! Honest!
When you lose to me, don't be too hard on yourself. It's not that you're weak—I'm just too strong!
You're just too strong!
I'm not going to get down on myself for losing. I just need to train harder. Positive thinking—that's my strong point!
I see it... I see your future... If you can beat me, I will tell you your future!
I surrender!
You will wage a terrifically intense battle with our Gym Leaders... The result... You won't hear it from me!
The roads you have traveled... What you have experienced... Come at me with everything you've learned!
You've traveled a path of greatness!
A bright future awaits those who have worked diligently. For those who lazed idly, there is only despair at the end. What goes around comes around...
I can see it in your face. You want to challenge me.
Awawawawawa...
A well-played match leaves me feeling refreshed and serene.



Ever Grande City is still a long ways away...
My first victory seems to be far away, too...
My whole life has been about losing, but I will never give up!
I'm still feeling good. I'll keep on swimming to Ever Grande City.
I've yet to taste my first victory...
If I don't give up, I'll win someday and make it to Ever Grande City, too.
Maybe you can use this to prepare for your trip to Ever Grande City...



This is my first triathlon. I'm all tense and nervous!
Wroooaaar! I failed to win!
If I'm all tensed up, I won't be able to give it my all.



















Gabby: My eyes did not deceive me— amazing Trainer spotted! Ty: We found an amazing Trainer! This is a massive scoop!
Gabby: What an awesome battle! Hey, did you get all that?! Ty: Every last bit of that battle we just had is on this tape!
Gabby: What an awesome battle! Hey, did you get all that?! Ty: Every last bit of that battle we just had is on this tape!
Gabby: What an awesome battle! Hey, did you get all that?! Ty: Every last bit of that battle we just had is on this tape!
Gabby: What an awesome battle! Hey, did you get all that?! Ty: Every last bit of that battle we just had is on this tape!

Like I figured...

Ayiyiyi! Suspicious character spotted!
Grrrrr... I lost it!
I may have lost the battle, but I've fulfilled my duty...
You have to defeat me if you want to learn the secret of our hideout!
I never had a chance!
The secret of our hideout? We have a submarine all the way in the back! But by this time, tee-hee...
Fuel supply: check! Snack supply: check! All that's left is to get rid of everyone who stands in our way!
I took a serious licking!
Hmmph! That was enough. My mission was just to slow you down.
Ahaha! You really kept me waiting! How about a battle with me?
I was waiting for so long only to be defeated...
Boss... Is this good enough?

Uwah!


The hurdles are too high for me out here on land!

I have no time for children. Run along home now!
I wanna go home!
I want to be an Admin so I can make my Grunts do all the work!
The submarine is small so it makes you sore all over, doesn't it?
Losing makes me sore, too!
That submarine we jacked, man, it's brutal as a ride. It's way too tight in there!
Who are you? How did you get in here?
Lost it...
I can't find the way out! I'm not afraid. Don't get me wrong!



The rich atmosphere of the mountain has elevated my psychic power! A mere child like you... You dream of winning?
I drown in self-pity...
My psychic powers have surely grown several times, but...



Hey! Are you searching for Pokémon? You came along after me! How rude!
Ayieeeeh! I'm sorry, forgive me, please!
People don't come here often, so I thought there'd be rare Pokémon.



Fufufufu... I dive deep underwater to go deep under cover. Plumbing the depths is where I excel!
You can't dive deep!
I have it on good authority that there's a Dive spot around here. It gives me the urge to go deep again...
Ahoy! I'm a buff, tough Sailor! I've braved the world's seas!
Gwrroooar! I couldn't win!
The tide ebbs and flows inside the Shoal Cave. By the way, it's about six hours from high tide to low tide. Did you know that?
It's high time I get my payback from you! Come on, we're battling!
I couldn't win! I flat out couldn't win!
The Shoal Cave... There are places you can and can't get to depending on the rise and fall of the tide. By the way, it's about six hours from high tide to low tide. Don't forget!
Feel free to take this as a gift from me to you.

































That girl may have totally destroyed me earlier, but it can't go that way all the time!
Am I doomed to repeat my mistakes? Does this mean I'll lose my next battle, too?!
Now that I've gotten a good look at you, you're that kid from the other day, right? Please, you've got to help Archie and Shelly! The way that girl handled her Pokémon... She may actually be better than Shelly or even Archie himself!
Do you think I'm just gonna stand around while everybody pushes past me? Humph!
What! Are you gonna be someone else who pushes right on past me?
That Whismur that broke through here earlier was terrifying. The lady with it was awesome, too, but the Whismur scared the pants off me.
If you're on the lookout for a battle at the Seashore House, you'll find no hotter Trainer than me, matey!
That certainly was a hot battle! I can accept that loss, matey!
Whenever I'm in Slateport, I enjoy hot battles and ice-cold Soda Pop!
I'm going to show you how great my Pokémon are, but don't cry!
I lost, but I won't cry...
If one of my Pokémon knew the move for carrying me across water on its back, I could get rid of this inner tube.
I wandered into this weird house by accident...
And now I've lost...
I lost my way, I lost a battle, and I'm even more lost... I can't get out...
I'll hack and slash my way to victory with the Cut we just learned!
Why are you so serious?
I never get tired of hacking and slashing!
Just who is the Trick Master?
I lost while I was lost in thought!
You're strong! Just who are you?
It's too much bother to think this out. I only wanted to battle!
Even though I lost, I still like battling the best!
Don't you think? Wouldn't you go anywhere if you knew there would be Trainers there?



It's dark—so dark... Even though we're inside...
It's far too dark and scary for me to battle...
What do they mean by "Trick House"? This is just another haunted house...



I want to make my own Gym one day. So I'm studying how to set traps here.
I didn't study battling enough!
You're strong, aren't you? Maybe even strong enough to be a Gym Leader!



I'm looking to see if I can't find a Secret Spot around here...
I shouldn't have battled...
Wait a minute, are you looking for Secret Spots, too? That makes us rivals, then, doesn't it?!



Heh! Boulders like the ones in this room, I can brush aside with one finger!
I can crush boulders, but I can't find my way...
It's not good enough to be brawny when you don't have enough brains. Be brainy!
Ugh! How long must this crushing go on? My Pokémon and I are getting worn out by it...
I'm worn out... I'm all worn out now...
You and your Pokémon don't seem to be affected at all. Or do you have your poker face on?
When I heard there was a strange house, I had to check it out.
I've discovered a tough Trainer!
I'm checking this place out, but it's really difficult, so I've had to repeat the challenge many times!



I'm getting an ominous feeling about you...
I knew I would lose... You're a bad omen!
I wonder if Liza and Tate are OK...
I can't get enough of the way you go floating up softly in this Gym.
Oops, I gave you a soft match, too.
Are the traps here some kind of superpower? Or is this the latest technology?



It's not like I'm stranded or anything. This is just what I do for training.
I can't take it anymore... I'm too hungry to go on...
I'm pretending like I really did get lost to train for when I'm really in a survival situation.







Oh! You went and did it, didn't you?




We of Team Aqua are working hard for everyone's sake. Like, if there's more water around, Water Pokémon will be happy, and it'll give people more fun places to swim!
Hunh? What do you mean I lost?
Our Boss says, "It will make everyone happy." But why does everyone keep getting in our way?
What's this?! What's this?! Another intruder in our hideout?!
Uhhnn... I guess we're open to the public...
Huh?! You aren't an intruder? So you're not with that girl and her Whismur?

You've really done it, child. You've shown a power that exceeds that of the great Maxie!


Ugh! You are...quite capable... I fell behind, but only by an inch...

Hahaha! Suspicious person spotted!
Wh-what?! I lost!
I may have lost the battle, but I have fulfilled my purpose...
If you want to know the secrets of our hideout, try to defeat me!
I have no chance of winning...
The secrets of our hideout? Well... All the way in the back we have a submarine! Tee hee! But by now...
Energy supply: OK! Snack supply: OK! All that's left is to take out anyone who stands in our way!
I've been harshly defeated!
Hmmph! Fine then! My mission was just to hold you up.
Wahaha! I grow weary of waiting! I shall have you give me a battle!
I grew weary of waiting and then lost... I've been defeated...
Leader... Please forgive me...

I'm speechless!

I have no use for children! G'wan, get outta here!
I want to go home!
In the end, I was just an opponent for a kid in a Pokémon battle...
The submarine is so small and cramped that it makes your body hurt, but I don't mind it.
It hurts when you lose! I don't mind that, either, though.
Riding in the submarine we stole is the best. It's just wonderful that it's so cramped.
Who are you? How did you get in here?
That was a total and complete loss...
I don't know where the exit is! I'm not scared, though! Don't get me wrong!







You're so strong!

Whoa! Don't come near! Back! Get back!
I was knocked out. Out like a light!
Huh? You aren't with that girl who uses Dragon types? How about that... It was silly of me to be so scared, then.
I slipped up and let that girl defeat me earlier, but it won't go that way all the time!
Time and time again... I'm a man who can't do his job...
Now that I get a good look at you, aren't you that kid from the other day? Listen, our Leader and Tabitha are in danger. The way that girl handled her Pokémon earlier... She might even be better than Tabitha—no, than Leader Maxie himself!
I can't stand everybody just pushing right past me!
It's laughable! The way everybody pushes their way right past me is...laughable.
That Whismur earlier pushed past me with tremendous power... The girl that ran through here with it was amazing, too... But, to be honest, the Whismur was the scarier one.

Hyuhn?!

We of Team Magma are working hard for everyone's sake. Like, if there's more land, there'd be more places to live. Everyone would be happy!
Hunh? What do you mean I lost?
Our Boss says, "It will make everyone happy." But why does everyone keep getting in our way?
Hey, intruder person! You know the rule! When our eyes meet, we gotta have a Pokémon battle!
Guess you're not the kind of opponent that it's OK for me to lock eyes with...
Since we transformed our organization, we haven't had even one intruder. Could this be the work of Team Aqua? Why this? Why now?

Ugh! Uhhn ugh! Is this the end of my evil deeds?!


Ugh! Uhhn ugh! Is this the end of my evil deeds?!

The Boss got interested in the research they have going here, so he sent us out. Quit your meddling!
Blast it... Blasted by a kid...
Our Boss knows everything. But I'm just a Grunt. What would I know about what he's thinking? I wonder if Shelly can tell how clueless I am...
I came here because I heard that the Institute is investigating the relationship between super-ancient Pokémon and the weather!
Our plan's being spoiled by a kid?
The overwhelming power of a super-ancient Pokémon to even control the weather freely...! We, Team Aqua, definitely need it!
We're Team Aqua! We appear wherever anything rare is found!
You got me!
You don't have any idea what we of Team Aqua are working toward! You stay out of our way!
Huh? What's a kid doing here?
Huh? I lost?!
Oh, no... I'll catch an earful for losing to a kid... I should just take a nap in the bed...



The Boss got interested in the research they have going here, so he sent us out. Quit your meddling!
Blast it... Blasted by a kid...
Our Boss knows everything. But I'm just a Grunt. What would I know about what he's thinking? I wonder if Tabitha can tell how clueless I am...
I came here because I heard that the Institute is investigating the relationship between super-ancient Pokémon and the weather!
Our plan's being spoiled by a kid?
The overwhelming power of a super-ancient Pokémon to even control the weather freely...! We, Team Magma, definitely need it!
We're Team Magma! We appear wherever anything rare is found!
You got me!
You don't have any idea what we of Team Magma are working toward! You stay out of our way!
Huh? What's a kid doing here?
Huh? I lost?!
Oh, no... I'll catch an earful for losing to a kid... Maybe I should just take a nap in bed and try to forget it all.







Whoa!


What?!


How?!


Could it be?!




I like to fish. But I also like to battle! If anyone challenges me, I'm there, even if I'm fishing.
I like to battle, but that doesn't mean I'm good at it...
This time I'll do it! I always think that, so I can't walk away from fishing or Pokémon.
If the tunnel doesn't go through, then I'll just go over the top.
Gasp... Gasp... Losing made me tired...
It's no big deal if there's no tunnel. To a Hiker, mountains are roads!
Don't panic if your Bike's going fast!
I shouldn't panic during Pokémon battles...
There's no need to panic or stress. Take it easy. There's plenty of time.
Aren't you going a little too fast? Take it easy and let's battle.
I didn't panic, but I still lost...
There's no need to panic or stress. Take it easy. There's plenty of time.
Take your time. Take it slow. Well, just use this however you like.
All right! You're gonna battle our Pokémon!
We're twins, so we battle Pokémon together, too!
Gina: I'm so disappointed that we lost. Mia: We lost even though we fought together...
You're tough! We'll train more!
We'll train our Pokémon to get stronger like you!
Huh? You only have one Pokémon! We can't battle you! We feel sorry for your lonely Pokémon, since you only have one, after all.
Do you want to battle us? Then you're going to need to bring two Pokémon! We're tough, after all!
Please don't cry when your Pokémon lose!
All right! We're gonna take out your Pokémon!
Miu: We lost... Yuki: We lost...
You're close with your Pokémon. That's why they're strong!
How did you get so strong? That's the first time we lost a battle!
Battling without at least two Pokémon is boring!
Battling without at least two Pokémon is boring!






Mt. Chimney's Jagged Pass... Now this is what I've always wanted in a mountain. This jagged bumpiness... It rocks my soul!
Losing left me bitter!
Yes, I did lose at Pokémon... But, when it comes to the love of the mountains, I have you beat!
Jagged Pass is hard to walk on. It's a good place for training.
It was all over while we were still trying to find our footing...
If I had an Acro Bike, I'd be able to jump ledges.
I got used to this bumpiness. I sing while I climb now.
It's still not easy to battle on this bumpy ground...
I should get an Acro Bike from Rydel in Mauville City...
Here you go. I carried this here across the uneven ground, wobbling all the way.
This place isn't your casual hike. It's not suited for a picnic.
Ohhh, no! The ground is too bumpy...
Did you know? Some people skillfully ride their Bikes up this horrible, bumpy pass.
Picnics are fun wherever you go. Just like Pokémon!
I only lost because the ground is too bumpy!
I'll forget about losing and just enjoy this bumpy hike.
I want to forget that I lost as soon as possible! Let me off with this!



I'll show you exactly how scary Team Aqua can be!
So you think you can pick a fight with Team Aqua all by your lonesome...
Yeah, so you are strong... But there're a lot of us!
What's up with you, brat? What does a single kid expect to do?
Wow, you're remarkably strong.
S-sorry! You don't know anything, though, so quit messing around with us!
Hey, I remember you from Mt. Chimney! It's payback time!
Urgggh... Beaten by some kid—again!
Heh, it doesn't matter! We bought ourselves some time! The Boss should have snatched what he was after!
I shall show you the true terror of Team Magma!
I see. Do you intend to defy Team Magma all by yourself?
You certainly are strong... But we are everywhere!
Who are you? What can a kid do all by himerself?
Hruh. I'll feel that one later...
I-I surrender! But how dare you get in our way when you know nothing of our plans?!
You... We met at Mt. Chimney! Now I'll take my revenge!
Uhhn... I lost to a kid again.
That's all right. I was able to buy some time. We should have already stolen what the leader sent us here for!

Whoa! Not bad!


Whoa! Not bad!


Whoa! Not bad!


Sheesh, <var>... You've gotten pretty darn decent.


Sheesh, <var>... You've gotten pretty darn decent.


Sheesh, <var>... You've gotten pretty darn decent.


Yikes! You're stronger than I thought you'd be!


Yikes! You're better than I expected!


Yikes! You're better than I expected!


Achah! You're as strong as I expected, <var>!


Achah! You're as strong as I expected, <var>!


Achah! You're as strong as I expected, <var>!

Did you just become a Trainer? We're both beginners!
I challenged you because I thought I could beat you...
I haven't won once yet... I hope I win soon...
If you take Bug Pokémon to school, you get to be instantly popular!
I can't be popular if I lose.
If you have a big Bug Pokémon, people respect you for it.
Check the growth of my Bug Pokémon! I'll be popular again!
I can't be popular if I lose.
You get to be popular if you have strong Pokémon, right? That's why I've been training hard!
If I can become more popular, I'll gladly present you with this!






I found some cool Pokémon in the tall grass around here!
Being cool isn't enough to win...
It's hard to battle with Pokémon you just caught.
Once a Bug Catcher! And now a Bug Maniac! But my love for Pokémon remains unchanged!
My ineptitude also remains unchanged...
All I did was follow my heart, and now they call me a Bug Maniac... Still, I am an expert on Bug Pokémon, so it's only natural that they call me a Bug Maniac.
What do you call a man who lives among the mountain crags? A mountain man, right? So why don't they call a Pokémon that climbs steep cliffs a Pocragmon?
My Pokémon... Ran out of power...
They halted development here to protect Pokémon, right? There's a feel-good story!
I don't know where you're going, but would you like to battle?
Oh, you're disgustingly good!
I'm thinking that I should go to Mt. Chimney, but the view around here is very nice, too.
I'm full of pep! And my Pokémon is peppy, too!
My Pokémon lost its pep...
When I see a Trainer running around with a lot of pep, I can't help looking.
Show me how much you've toughened your Pokémon.
I see, you've toughened yours considerably.
Pokémon and Trainers learn much through battling. What's important is to never give up even if you lose.
We're training here to elevate our game to the next level. Stay and train with us!
Ooh, you're decent!
Since you're that strong, you should aim for the Pokémon League.
Please take this to commemorate the training we did together!
Oh, you and your Pokémon look quite strong. We simply must have a battle!
You didn't just look strong, you are strong!
I thought I was raising my Pokémon diligently, but, oh no, there is still much to be done.
You can make Pokémon stronger or weaker depending on the moves you teach them. What kinds of moves do your Pokémon know?
You've taught them good moves!
Maybe I should have stopped my Pokémon from evolving until they learned better moves...
This is to thank you for showing me some nice moves. Show me some more next time, too!
To train myself, I challenge everyone I meet!
Uncle! I give up!
All I can do is keep training until I can defeat strong Trainers such as you.
Since I bathed in the hot springs, I've been feeling great! I'm sure I'm going to win!
Huauff! I'm getting a chill being out of the water.
My nerves during that battle made me break out in a cold sweat. I'll have to take another dip in the hot springs.
Thanks for finding me! But we still have to battle!
I'll use my ninjutsu on you... "Volcanic Ash Swirl Cloak"! What? It's already over?
You know what's crummy about hiding? It's lonely if no one comes along.
I have a rare Pokémon! Would you like me to show you?
You... You want my Pokémon, don't you?
I have this rare Pokémon. It's enough to keep me satisfied.
I'm a Fisherman, but also a Trainer. I'm raising the Pokémon I caught.
I thought I was doing OK in my training...
I couldn't win by training Pokémon while I fished... Was I doing things in half measures?
For Fishermen, equipment is the key. But for Trainers, the key ingredients are Pokémon and heart, of course!
I was beaten in heart?
Come to think of it, fishing is a battle between a Fisherman and a Pokémon.
Take flight, my bird Pokémon!
They did take flight...
If they'd get stronger, they'd be able to fly more freely...
Good times are filled with good aromas.
Oh... I smell the bitter scent of misery...
The Berry Master's garden is filled with uplifting fragrances.
I'm from Mt. Pyre... Taste the power my Pokémon and I have attained in the place where spirits of Pokémon slumber.
So powerful...
Mt. Pyre... Where the spirits of Pokémon slumber... It overflows with Psychic and Ghost power...
Being a psychic is about willpower. I've convinced myself that I won't lose to anyone. That makes me strong!
I feel sad...
Being a psychic is about willpower. I thought I wouldn't lose to you...
I've convinced myself that I won't lose to anyone. That makes me strong!
I feel sad...
I should train at Mt. Pyre... I'll never beat you this way...
To punish myself for being unable to win, I'll give away some of my very own rare goods.



Pokémon have many Abilities. If you want to become a first-class Trainer, learn about them.
You're obviously thinking.
The Abilities of Pokémon will make battle styles change.
I'm studying everything all over from the ground up. I figure this is my best route to being a first-class Trainer!
To be in your class still seems like a distant dream.
I'm going to start from the top again! Just as Pokémon have different Abilities, we can live our lives in different ways!
To first-class you from second-rate me... Here you go.
Why am I carrying this parasol? I'll tell you if you win against me.
A parasol can't ward off Pokémon attacks...
I don't think strong sunlight is good for my Pokémon. So, I shield them with my parasol.
Me, Pokémon, and my parasol... If any one of them is missing, the picture of beauty will be ruined.
You've completely ruined my beauty...
A parasol wouldn't suit you at all. Why, something like this would only get in your way.
There are powers beyond our understanding in the world...
I have lost...
Mt. Pyre... There is a mysterious power at work there...
With my Pokémon, I have traveled the world's four corners. You might say I have some confidence in my abilities.
Ah, well played.
I would like to circle the globe once again with my Pokémon.
With my Pokémon, I have traveled the world's four corners. You might say I have some confidence in my abilities.
Ah, well played.
You and your Pokémon... Your prowess as a team would be worthy of respect, even overseas.
Woof. You bowled me over! This is to mark the occasion of a razzle-dazzle battle!

I'll get demoted if I lose, though!


What? What's going on!

When I'm here... Some sort of power flows into me...
The power is ebbing away...
Perhaps the power is from the spirits of Pokémon in fitful sleep here...
Behind you... What is it...
Something faded away...
The Pokémon at rest here... Sometimes, they play...
I'll give you this, which I received from the Pokémon that slumbers here.
I love all things horrifying... It's like a disease... When I'm here... I shiver with fear...
Losing, I dislike...
I want to see dreadful things... I can't leave... Stay... Won't you stay with me?
We've come to test our courage! My girlfriend will love me even more when she sees how cool I am. I'll show her how cool I am by knocking you out!
I'm really scared, but as long as I'm with my boyfriend, I'll be OK! He'll try to show me how cool he is by knocking you out!
Luke: Uh-oh! Dez: Oh! I'm scared!
I lost, but that's OK! As long as I'm here, this test of courage is no problem!
We're so madly in love that we don't mind losing!
If you're gonna battle us, bring some more Pokémon! Or else how can I show my girlfriend how cool I am?
If you're going to battle us, you need at least two Pokémon. My boyfriend is so strong, one Pokémon is no match for him! ♥
Teacher... Please watch over my progress!
Teacher... Please forgive me!
Until I improve, my teacher, who rests here, will never find true peace...
Yawn... Keeping watch over the hideout bores me, so I'll take you on.
Yawn... Oh, I lost...
If you hang around here too long, the other members of Team Aqua might get you.
Warp panels, the hideout's pride and joy! You're clueless about where you are, aren't you? Fluster and tire out the enemy, and then lower the boom! That's our plan!
What's wrong with you? You're not tired at all!
That reminds me... I can't remember where I put the Master Ball. If I don't protect it, our Boss will chew me out...
Yawn... Keeping watch over the hideout bores me, so I'll take you on.
Yawn... Oh, I lost...
If you stick around here too long, the other members of Team Magma might attack you.
Warp panels, the hideout's pride and joy! You're clueless about where you are, aren't you? Fluster and tire out the enemy, and then lower the boom! That's our plan!
What's wrong with you? You're not tired at all!
That reminds me... I can't remember where I put the Master Ball. If I don't protect it, our Boss will chew me out...
I should teach you how harsh battles can be.
Oh. You're strong.
I'll tell you something good. If you want to reach Wallace, you need to walk on each floor tile once.
The Pokémon Gym of the highest level in the Hoenn region... That's the Sootopolis Gym.
What a high level you are!
Rather than being satisfied by being in a strong Gym, I imagine training in other places will make you stronger. But above all, it looks more fun.
Gliding across the ice in a single, graceful line... A Trainer who can do that is elegant and beautiful!
Well, excuse me?!
This is really obvious, but how strong you are as a Trainer has nothing to do with how young or old you are.
I'll show you the sublime techniques I learned from our Leader Wallace!
I'm sorry, Wallace...
Watch what happens if you crack all the floor tiles.
You came all the way here, but you won't get to see Wallace. Not if you lose to me, you won't!
You're strong! I was fooled by your cute looks!
You might be good enough to avoid being wiped out in one hit by Wallace.
I've made it this far a couple times, but the last stretch is so long...
My dream ends here again...
You've made it this far. Keep the momentum going and become the Champion! If anyone can, it's you!
I didn't come all this way to lose now. That possibility doesn't exist!
Impossible... I lost?
I lost here... That means I lack the qualifications to become the Champion...
The thought that I'm getting closer to the Pokémon League... I'm getting stage fright...
I couldn't do a thing...
The Pokémon League became distant again... What a letdown...
I trained together with my whole family, every one of us! I'm not losing to anyone!
Better than my family? Is that possible?!
I was better than everyone in my family. I've never lost before... I've lost my confidence... Maybe I'll go home...
I'd heard that there was a tough little kid around. Do they mean you?
The little shrimp is tough!
I heard a rumor that tough little kid is from Petalburg City.
This seemingly infinite and harsh road lives up to its name of Victory.
Your battle style is fantastic...
You seem to have the potential to become the Champion.
To win your way through the Pokémon League, you need to trust in your Pokémon.
Your relationship is based on solid trust.
By being together all the time, trust grows between Pokémon and Trainers.
This isn't the goal. It's only a stop on the way to the Pokémon League.
That's the way!
You'll do fine, for sure! Your Pokémon are all eager to go!
You must be getting a little tired.
No signs of tiring at all!
Victory Road and the Pokémon League are long and grueling challenges. Beware of fatigue!
You shouldn't get complacent just because you have a lot of Gym Badges. There's always going to be someone who's better than you!
You're better than me!
Gaze on your collected Badges and remember the Trainers you've faced.
Erk. How annoying of you to follow us to the bottom of the ocean! Time to put an end to this!
What was that? Even the way you battle is annoying!
It doesn't matter how hard you try. By now Archie is already... Teehee!
What an annoying kid to follow us to the bottom of the ocean! That all ends now, though.
What an annoyance! Even the way you fight is just oozing with obnoxiousness.
It doesn't matter how hard you try, anyway! By now Leader Maxie is... Heehee!
Are your friends strong?
Your friends are, indeed, strong.
Friends need not be human. For me, Pokémon are treasured friends!
Child... Did you knock on the door?
A loss is to be accepted without confusion or panic.
To never be ruffled in any situation is the Gentleman's code of conduct.
It's a bit embarrassing, but we'll show you our crazy-in-love power!
It's a bit embarrassing, but we'll show you our crazy-in-love power!
Jed: Huh... Lea: No!
We've never lost using our crazy-in-love power! You're an amazing Trainer!
We've never lost using our crazy-in-love power! You're an amazing Trainer!
Just one Pokémon? Doesn't that make you lonely?
I wanted to battle... You don't have two Pokémon, though.
Arrrgh! I'm fed up and dog-tired of cleaning this huge place! Let's have a quick battle!
Little bro, I lost!
We're the Cleanup Brothers! The old one dumps the detergent, and the young one does the scrubbing!
This is the bottom of the ship's hull. There's plenty of room. It'll be all right for a Pokémon battle.
Big bro, I lost!
We're the Cleanup Brothers! The old one dumps the detergent, and the young one does the scrubbing!
I can't swim without my inner tube, but I won't lose at Pokémon!
Did I lose because I have an inner tube?
My inner tube is a fashion item. I can't be seen without it.
Wahahah! I'm gonna catch me a big one!
I just lost one...
I think you're a big one. No, you're a big-one-to-be!
Hi, big Trainer. Will you battle with me?
Oh, you're strong.
How did you get to be so strong?
I take my inner tube with me everywhere!
Whoa, you overwhelmed me!
It's not easy throwing Poké Balls while hanging on to an inner tube!
Observe the harmony between nature and the constructed elements. This is pretty neat, isn't it?
You're pretty neat, too!
To see every last corner of this place, you'd need a Pokémon move that'll let you dive underwater...
We were looking for treasure when we found a Trainer!
Huh? We were looking for treasure when we went and found a Trainer!
Hal: We couldn't even win battling together... Lois: So strong!
We heard it was here, but we haven't found any treasure. Maybe someone else already took it.
What kind of treasure would be in a dump like this? No matter what it is, I know what I'm buying if we find it!
You don't have two Pokémon. You can't beat us like that!
What? Don't you have two Pokémon? Let's put off the battle, then.
Our Pokémon got stronger while we were looking for treasure all this time. Try facing us!
Huh? So we meet again! You're not giving up on your treasure hunt either, just like us! How about we have a battle to decide who will give up on the treasure?
Hal: You're as strong as ever! Lois: We lost again...
We can't find the treasure, and our Pokémon lost. I wanna go home! If I say that out loud, though, my girlfriend's going to get angry...
I'm going to keep training my Pokémon. And I won't go home until I find that treasure!
You don't have two Pokémon. You can't beat us like that!
What? Don't you have two Pokémon? Let's put off the battle, then.
Instead of treasure, we losers proffer this distinguished item!
Instead of treasure, we losers proffer this distinguished item!
I've been to the hot springs and refreshed my tired bones. Right now I'm feeling strong!
Oh, my goodness. Now, aren't you something!
Well, well, I've lost. I can't call myself an Expert now, can I?
If you can mesh your heart with those of your Pokémon, why, you should be able to achieve great things.
Oh, my goodness. Now, aren't you something!
Perhaps your heart has become one with the hearts of your Pokémon.
For you and your Pokémon, whose hearts have become one, a present from me...
If you're lighting a campfire or setting off fireworks, make sure you have water handy.
Thanks for dousing my fire, I guess.
You really do have to be careful with any sort of fire in a forest. Don't ever underestimate the power of fire.
Have you learned to keep water handy for campfires and fireworks?
I got hosed down before I could flare up, I guess.
You really do have to be careful with any sort of fire in a forest. Don't ever underestimate the power of fire.
My fire never really got burning, but a loss is a loss! I'll give you this!
Let my melody rock your soul!
La-lalala...
An electric guitar doesn't always have to just be noisy... It can be strummed to squeeze out this heart-stirring melody...
A melody from my Pokémon and me... Let us deliver it to your soul.
La-lalala...
When I play, my emotions should reach you through my electric guitar...
Placing this gift in your hand, I can almost hear a song surround us.




















































































































































































































































































































































































I'm in the middle of a triathlon, but, whatever, let's have a battle!
I ran out of energy!
I may have blown it... I might have dropped to last during that battle...
I'm smack in the middle of a triathlon, but I'm comfortably ahead. Let's make this a quick battle!
I ran out of energy again!
I was tops in swimming and cycling, but I'm not quite that confident with Pokémon yet.
I guess I'll give you this prize I got for winning a triathlon a long time ago.































Win or lose, you'll never know until you try!
Waah! I sank in defeat!
I never battle when I know I'll win. I like to battle at the razor's edge of victory and defeat!
I want to win like everyone else, but I won't raise Pokémon like everyone else.
Darn it! My way is still too slack!
It's way more fun to do things the way I want than to be like everybody else. I mean, that's obvious!
Okeydokey! That's enough rest, gang! It's time for a match!
Tuckered out again...
My bird Pokémon get tired quickly after a long flight...
The savage tide in this area serves to make us stronger than ever.
I concede defeat.
We will return for more training at Meteor Falls. If you'd like, you should go, too. It will definitely toughen you up!
I came all the way out here with my bird Pokémon.
You... You're stunningly cool!
I'd like to go back to Fortree soon, but for some reason I've grown to like this place, too.
























Boring battles aren't worth the effort. Fiery hot battles are what toughen up Trainers and Pokémon!
That was fiery hot!
Whew, I'm all thirsty. Maybe I'll have a Soda Pop.
There's no need for Winona, our Gym Leader, to deal with you! I'm plenty good enough for you!
Winona, I... I lost!
Winona is cute and she's strong. She's the ultimate Leader! Blush...
Winona taught me personally! You can't beat me easily!
I was beaten...
Thanks to Winona, the people of Fortree can live without fear.

Wow... You really are strong, <var>!


























Hmm... You've raised your team quite a bit.


Hmm... You've raised your team quite a bit.


Hmm... You've raised your team quite a bit.


...


...


...

Through fishing, I have attained a state of becalmed serenity... Please, allow me to demonstrate.
Though I have lost, my heart remains calm...
It matters not that I catch nothing. The line remains in the water...
Whoops! Don't tell me I snagged a surfing Pokémon?
I can't keep up!
Your Pokémon look pretty strong. They'd be a handful if I hooked them!
Well, hey! This is a match between a Pokémon fan and a fishing buff!
No! My line's all tangled! The party's over!
My fishing line's doing a dance! The tangle tango! Hahaha!
We've been working so hard to mount a Pokémon League challenge... We can't afford to lose now!
Oh! How could this happen?!
After all I've done to get here, I won't give up after one setback.
There is no stronger Trainer than I!
This can't be!
There probably is no Trainer stronger than you!
What I learned at Dewford's Pokémon Gym, I will put into practice here.
I was swamped!
Brawly, Dewford's Gym Leader, used to train with a guy named Bruno in Kanto, I've heard.
I want to visit Ever Grande, so I caught myself a Pokémon that knows the move Waterfall to crest the falls.
I'm crestfallen!
Awww, phooey! My Pokémon know Waterfall, but I don't have the Sootopolis Gym Badge!
Bird Pokémon have excellent vision. They spot prey from great heights.
Whew... I give up.
There're lots of diving spots in the sea around here. You can spot them easily from the sky because of their darker color.
Say hey, hey! Let's get on with it!
Beat, I'm beaten. That's it, done!
There's nothing left for a loser. Time for me to beat it home.
What's the hurry? Let's take it slow and easy.
Oh, my. I wanted to relax a little more...
Don't you hate making mistakes when you're in a rush? That's why I try to take things slowly.







Shall we use our power as brother and sister to battle you?
Let's battle as brother and sister!
Ian: I did my best with my big sister, but we couldn't win... Rell: We couldn't even win when combining our powers as siblings.
People in Pacifidlog spend their whole lives with the sea and Pokémon.
Pacifidlog is a town floating in the sea, right? That means that Pacifidlog extends as far as the sea!
Don't you have at least two Pokémon? We can't enjoy a Pokémon battle.
If you had two Pokémon, we would give you a battle!
Aww... I came all the way down to the beach just to be with my little brother! I wanna have a Pokémon battle to take my mind off it!
My big sister has a strong Pokémon! Don't cry when you lose!
Rita: It's your fault we lost, Sam! You're in trouble later! Sam: Ughh. Sorry, Sis...
Aww... If only it were my wonderful boyfriend instead of my little brother beside me...
My big sister is really scary when she gets angry. She sometimes scares people off.
Do you intend to battle us? You need at least two Pokémon.
Do you intend to battle us? Bring at least two Pokémon!
Aww... I came all the way down to the beach only to be with my little brother! Oh! Long time no see! Let's battle to take my mind off things!
If we lose, she'll be angry with me! I'm really going to give it my all!
Rita: Sam! We lost because of you again! You're in for special training later! Sam: Ughh... Gimme a break already, Sis.
Aww... If only I had a wonderful boyfriend to team up with, I'm sure we would never lose!
My big sister is really scary when she gets angry. She's gonna make me train my Pokémon like crazy after this!
Do you intend to battle us? You need at least two Pokémon.
Do you intend to battle us? Bring at least two Pokémon!
I've got no choice... Go on, take this!
Wow... On top of losing, I have to give you an item, too...












We'll battle you together as brother and sister!
We always have Pokémon battles against each other! I always lose, but I can win if it's two-on-two!
Lisa: Amazing! Your strength is on a whole different level! Ray: Well, your level is just too much higher.
Do you have any friends that you go to the beach with?
I've been training the Pokémon I got from my big sister! It's my cherished partner!
If you're gonna battle us, bring more Pokémon.
If you're gonna battle us, bring more Pokémon.
You spoke to me... So you want to challenge me! Sure! I'll try out the Pokémon I caught while surfing!
I don't have a clue about what it takes to win.
Go for a Surf on my Pokémon... Then fish off its back... It's an indescribably luxuriant moment!

Tate: Our... Our... Liza: Teamwork.


Well, how do you like that? I lost! Eh, it was fun, so it doesn't matter.


Oh, darn. I've gone and lost.


You and your Pokémon... How hot your spirits burn!


Superb, it should be said.


So I, the Champion, fall in defeat...

Go back and forth between Lilycove and Slateport, that's what I do. It's my hobby—going from port to port to take in Pokémon Contest Spectaculars.
That was an enjoyable match!
I get so excited imagining what kinds of Pokémon I'll get to see in the next Contest Spectacular. The anticipation thrills me!










So...I lost... It seems that I still have much more to learn...

Don't take us Gym Trainers lightly! I'll show you why we're better!
You were too good for me...
You haven't seen any of the Rock type's terrifying power—yet!

Whoa, wow! You made a much bigger splash than I expected!

I'm thirsty... I could go for a Soda Pop at the Seashore House...
Groan...
I'm getting famished... My inner tube looks like a giant doughnut...
I'm hungry, but I've got enough pep in me for a battle!
I lost... It's because I'm hungry...
When you eat on a beach, everything seems to taste a little better.
Here, this is to say thanks for our battle! I am hungry, though!
I have foreseen your intentions! I cannot possibly lose!
I failed to prophesy my own demise!
I see your future... Hmm... I see a shining light...




Wahahahah! Fine, I lost!

This Gym's got puzzles! Isn't it fun?
It's no fun to lose...
Wattson says he likes setting up little traps with switches.

Oh... I guess I was trying too hard...


...! Impossible...


Never before have I seen a Trainer command Pokémon with more grace than I...


Bravo!

I'm really jealous of your Go-Goggles... My eyes hurt so bad...
My eyes... My eyes...
If you have Go-Goggles, even desert sandstorms are no problem, you know?
My eyes may sting a bit, but I'll still have a picnic here in the desert!
Ohhh! You're mean!
When you're battling in a sandstorm, watch out for your Pokémon's HP. It can faint if you don't keep an eye on it!
Does wearing those Go-Goggles make you feel like some kind of a champion for justice?
I guess I can't beat justice...
My family doesn't have that much money, so I can't get anyone to buy me Go-Goggles...
Wow, my eyes are crazy itchy... I should've brought some Go-Goggles. By the way, I heard there are Fossils to be found in the desert. Do you know where?
My eyes are itchy, and I lost the match...
If they can find Fossils in the desert, it must have been a sea once! But that doesn't make my eyes any less itchy...
For 30 years I have searched for ancient ruins! I'm so used to sandstorms that I don't even need goggles anymore! Am I to be challenged?
While I have searched for ruins, I've not searched for strong Pokémon.
For 30 years I have searched for ancient ruins! No, wait, was that 40 years? Which was it now?
For 30 years I have searched for ancient ruins! No, wait, was that 40 years? Anyway, am I to be challenged?
I've found neither ruins nor any strong Pokémon...
For 30 years I have searched for ancient ruins! No, wait, was that 40 years I've searched? Hmm... It could even be 50. How long have I been at this?
I found this in my 20th year of looking for ruins. I would be so honored if you would accept it as a gift.

Whoa! So strong! My granddaughter wasn't lying.

I use this parasol to ward off this filthy, yucky volcanic ash from my dear Numel.
Huff, huff... I am exhausted...
You're very good at this. I must say I'm impressed!
Oh, hello, hasn't it been a while? May I invite you to battle?
Oh, how magnificent!
You've remained very good at this. I must say I'm impressed!
To you, who are oh so strong, I offer this.
Want to find out how strong you are? I'll be the test!
You passed with flying colors!
To best even me... Your strength is marvelous!
You seem to have a big collection of Gym Badges. Let me see if you're actually worthy of those Badges!
Oh, you're worthy, all right!
You did your Badges proud in that match!
Gabby: What an awesome battle! Hey, did you get all that?! Ty: Every last bit of that battle we just had is on this tape!

... I've lost...

When we're together, nothing scares us! We'll show you how great we are!
When we're together, nothing scares us! We'll show you how great we are!
Kate: I look so bad in front of Joy... Joy: Kate, I'm sorry!
Whenever anybody is counting on me it always makes me wanna show off...
Oh! I'll have to train with my teammate some more!
You have just one Pokémon, so we can't battle! It would feel like we're picking on you.
If you're going to challenge us to a battle, you need at least two Pokémon!
I wanna show my cute teammate how strong I am!
My lovely teammate and I will team up to defeat you!
Anna: Hey! I'm in front of my teammate here! Would you let me win?! Meg: Oh no! Sorry, Anna!
Your Pokémon create quite a combination! You might be almost as great as us!
I'm holding my teammate back... If that weren't the case, we would've won!
Bring at least two Pokémon if you want to battle us!
You only have one Pokémon? We can't battle then. We want to enjoy a two-on-two battle!
I can't keep losing in front of my teammate like this...
This will be the time that my teammate and I defeat you!
Anna: I couldn't get myself in gear. Meg: You're too strong.
Your Pokémon create quite a combination! You might be almost as great as us!
Even though my teammate and I fought together, we still lost... What a letdown!
Bring at least two Pokémon if you want to battle us!
You only have one Pokémon? We can't battle then. We want to enjoy a two-on-two battle!
I would hate to burden my partner, so I'll give you this from me.
I couldn't possibly burden my partner, so go on and take this from me.















From out of the ashes I leap! Hiyah! I challenge thee!
With honor I admit defeat!
Perhaps I should battle straightforwardly without hiding... I bid thee farewell.
Even if there are no ashes, I leap! Hiyah! I challenge thee!
With honor I admit defeat!
Whether I hide or not, the results of my battles are always disappointing. The path of the Ninja Boy is harsh...
I hope you will accept this.
Who might you be? Are you perhaps searching for ancient ruins that are rumored to possibly exist according to legend?
What a disgraceful setback...
That giant rock... I would like to believe it may indeed contain ancient ruins, but I see no entrance.
Stop! Have a good look at my precious Pokémon!
Oh, how dare you! Don't take it so seriously!
Maybe I'll go catch some more Pokémon at the Safari.
My precious Pokémon grew! Have a good look!
Oh, how dare you! You still won't take it easy!
Maybe I'll go catch some more Pokémon at the Safari.
I've got no choice. Here! Take this item that I've been keeping warm with my body heat.
I train my Pokémon with Wallace. Don't think I'm a pushover.
I was bowled right over...
I think you have potential. Why don't you stay and train with us?
There's supposed to be a mystical rock around here. Do you know anything about it?
I was thinking too much about that rock, so my Pokémon remained weak...
I can spend hours and hours staring at a nice rock without growing bored.



















































Can your Pokémon withstand the heat from my Pokémon?!
It didn't burn hotly enough...
You withstood our heat without any trouble, so you and your Pokémon should be able to survive in magma easily.
With my charm and my Pokémon's moves, you'll be shocked!
I'm shocked by your power!
I've heard that Mauville was founded by Wattson. He was a Trainer long before we became Trainers. He must know all sorts of things!
Um... OK, I'll battle with you.
Oh, but you're too strong.
I'm going to be a pretty and strong Trainer just like Flannery.
To hide a tree, use a forest!
I bow to your superiority.
To hide a tree, use a forest! To hide a Pokémon, use a Pokémon! There is no deep, hidden meaning to that.
I will adopt the movements of Pokémon and create new ninja techniques.
The creation of new ninja techniques remains but a distant dream...
Perhaps I ought to apprentice with a ninja sensei.
We ninja conceal ourselves under our invisibility cloaks. I bet you didn't know where I was!
I lost! My invisibility cloak failed me, too!
We ninja make the papier-mâché for our invisibility cloaks by hand!
<var>! How are you doing? I've been training nonstop— so I was taking a short rest. Since I managed to run into you, <var>, it seems like this will be a perfect chance to see how much I've improved!
Ugh. So this is my limit.
I knew my team makeup was still off. Then...I guess I need to take this guy out. No, if I do that, I'll be wide open for... Hmm... Then if I replace this move here... Yeah... Yeah, that should do it! Oh! Excuse me! I couldn't help myself! But you're just as brilliant in battle as ever, <var>! Still, don't you count on me just losing to you forever. I've met a lot of people who have helped me grow since coming to the Battle Resort, and it has reminded me all over again how much fun it is to really go all out in battle! Thanks again, <var>! Let's battle again sometime!






















































There's supposedly a strange old man in Shoal Cave! Are you on your way to meet him, too?
Is there really anything in a place like this?
Kim: I thought we would win, though. Iris: We almost had you for a second there.
There's a strange old man in Shoal Cave, right? Let's go meet him!
Are we really going into Shoal Cave? We're gonna get wet...
No way! I'm telling you, there's no way we can battle if you don't have two Pokémon!
We would never stoop to having a two-against-one battle.
Yeah, I'm kind of in the mood to teach you how to battle.
Who taught you to battle like that?!
Tyra: What an amazing way of battling! Ivy: What an amazing way of battling!
I taught Ivy all about Pokémon!
What got me started with Pokémon was when my teammate taught me how to battle.
Ah-ha! If you're going to battle us, you'll need more than one Pokémon!
You only have one Pokémon? I feel like it must be lonely.
Oh no! I don't want you interrupting our time alone together.
Our love for each other is heating up Hoenn!
Paul: Whoa, you got us! Mel: It's all my fault we lost! Now Paul's going to hate me!
Don't tell anyone you saw us here! This is our place to be alone.
Hey, Paul, you aren't mad at me, right? That would make me so upset.
We're madly in love, so we battle with two of our Pokémon together!
We're madly in love, so we battle with two of our Pokémon together!
We're always battling our Pokémon against each other, so we're confident!
It's been 50 years since we got married... Nothing can break our bonds of matrimony!
John: Oh no, we lost, honey. Jay: Oh no, we lost, sweetie.
Wow, 50 years of marriage... Come to think of it, I've never beaten my wife in a Pokémon battle.
Yes, in 50 years of marriage... We always had Pokémon battles whenever we got in a fight.
Oh, aren't you a young Trainer?! If you're going to battle us, bring some more Pokémon!
My, you're a young Trainer! If you're going to battle us, bring some more Pokémon.
We've always enjoyed Pokémon battles as a couple, so we're confident.
Well, 50 years of marriage... Supporting each other all that time has made us a strong couple.
John: Oh no, we lost, honey. Jay: Oh no, we lost, sweetie.
So, 50 years of marriage... Come to think of it, I've been battling my wife every single day.
Yes, in 50 years of marriage... So much has happened. I hope my husband and I have even more fun times together.
Oh, aren't you a young Trainer?! If you're going to battle us, bring some more Pokémon!
My, you're a young Trainer! If you're going to battle us, bring some more Pokémon.
We bought this item to commemorate our 35th wedding anniversary. I want you to have it.
I don't know if young people these days would be happy to get something like this, but...












Oh, sure, I'll accept your challenge. I have a lot of money.
Why couldn't I win?
There are some things money can't buy. Pokémon battles are one of them...
After I lost to you, I learned a bunch of things about Pokémon.
I lost again? Why couldn't I win?
I'm fabulously wealthy, but I can't seem to win at Pokémon... It's so deep, the world of Pokémon...
If it's money, I have more than I could ever need. I've got more items than I could possibly use, too.
We must have been fated to meet. May I ask you for a battle?
Oh, my!
"Hello" is the beginning of "good-bye." I hope we meet again.
Hello, we meet again. May I ask you for a battle?
Oh, my... I did the best that I could...
"Hello" is the beginning of "good-bye." I hope we meet again.
To commemorate our battling once more, please take this as you go on your way.

A-ha! You're stronger than I thought!


Uwah! Just how strong are you?!




My Pokémon is delightfully adorable! Don't be shy—I'll show you!
Oh, my gosh! My darling Pokémon!
My delightful Pokémon looks darling even when it's fainted!
Hi, you! My delightfully adorable Pokémon has become even more darling!
Oh! My darling Pokémon!
The more time I spend with it, the more adorable my Pokémon becomes.
I bought this item for my Pokémon, though...
Will you play with my delightfully pretty Pokémon?
That isn't what I meant!
I'm going to a contest in Lilycove. My Pokémon should have no problem sweeping the Master Rank.
The sight of Wallace conducting a battle... The very beauty of it compelled me to become a Trainer.
You battled with more beauty than I could muster...
The grace you bring to battle is fabulous. Oh... I'm so fortunate to have found Pokémon.
When I gaze upon Wallace, time flies by before I can say "oops!"
Oops!
I wish I could forget about losses as quickly as you can say "oops!"
Oh, you're such an adorable Trainer. Would you like to have tea? Or would you rather battle?
I see. You're the active sort.
A world cruise on a luxury liner has its charms, I must say... But, I will admit there is an appealing side to touring Hoenn by ferry.
Ah, you've come just in time. I'm bored, you see. You may entertain me.
...That will do.
Perhaps I shall get Father to acquire a yacht for me. A yacht for me and my Pokémon!
Ha ha ha! I would go anywhere to show off my delightful Pokémon.
Oh, dear, this won't do.
Perhaps I should groom my Pokémon for the Contest Spectacular rather than for battles.
Ha-ha-ha! I would be happy to show off my Pokémon as often as you like!
Oh, dear, this won't do.
The Contest Spectacular is delightful, but I like to battle, too.
I guess it can't be helped. A loss is a loss is a loss is a loss.
















































I'll make you feel the power of the number-two Trainer at this school!
How disappointing... I fell to number three...
Roxanne will be number one for all eternity! You'll be a piece of cake for her!
Grunt 1: Oh... Grunt 2: ...no! Grunt 3: You... Grunt 4: ...got... Grunt 5: ...us!
Grunt 1: Oh... Grunt 2: ...no! Grunt 3: You... Grunt 4: ...got... Grunt 5: ...us!
Grunt 1: Oh... Grunt 2: ...no! Grunt 3: You... Grunt 4: ...got... Grunt 5: ...us!
Grunt 1: Oh... Grunt 2: ...no! Grunt 3: You... Grunt 4: ...got... Grunt 5: ...us!
Grunt 1: Oh... Grunt 2: ...no! Grunt 3: We... Grunt 4: ...lost... Grunt 5: ...again!
Grunt 1: Oh... Grunt 2: ...no! Grunt 3: We... Grunt 4: ...lost... Grunt 5: ...again!
Hyuhn?
Ooohhhh!
Yet again? Hyuhn!
Wh-what was that!
...Slurp. ♪
Oho! That's a loss I can be proud of!
Hah! Hah! Ahya! Ahya!
Hah...hah... That tired me out...
...Funny. ♪
Muwuhahaha! That battle was fun even though I lost!
Hah hah... Uhn...hah hah...
Oho! That hurt just about exactly as much as I figured!
Just barely...
Oohwaahhhh!
...Just barely!
Hey now!
You've mastered the Inverse-o-matic to such a high level! As the developer, I couldn't be happier!
I knew it would turn out like this... I'm so bummed out now...
Thanks! You saved the best for last!
Thanks! You saved the best for last!
Thanks! You saved the best for last!
Yup! That was the best Pokémon battle I've ever had! Thanks so much!
Yup! That was the best Pokémon battle I've ever had! Thanks so much!
Yup! That was the best Pokémon battle I've ever had! Thanks so much!
What?! Ridiculous!
What?! Ridiculous!
What?! Ridiculous!
What?! Ridiculous!
What?! Ridiculous!
What?! Ridiculous!
What?! Ridiculous!
I ended up losing...
I ended up losing...
I ended up losing...
I ended up losing...
I ended up losing...
I ended up losing...
I ended up losing...
I blew it!
I blew it!
I blew it!
I blew it!
I blew it!
I blew it!
I blew it!
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
My Fairy Pokémon do declare that they have been bested.
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
I kind of had a feeling about you, but you really are strong!
As a bird-Pokémon user, I solemnly swear to battle fair and square!
As a bird-Pokémon user, I admit defeat fair and square!
Gym Leader Winona leads the way for all of us who use bird Pokémon. I began walking the path of a Trainer because of my desire to live like her.
Hohoho! You've left yourself open! With ninjutsu, I will conceal myself in steam!
This steam stings my eyes!
Flannery and I thought up the idea of hiding in steam together.
I feel like my brain is melting... Let's hurry up and battle...
I'm so dizzy...
Urk... I might've stayed in too long... My Pokémon and I are at our limit.
My Pokémon and I are proud of our stamina. We can swim all day long.
We're drowning!
I'm totally fine with swimming all day, but my body gets all soft and wrinkly.
I was born in a village far from the sea, so I've always dreamed of coming to Hoenn.
You grew up with the raging seas, didn't you?
Even the salty smell of the sea is fresh to me... I'm really glad I made this trip. I still want to make more memories on my trip, though, so battle me again!
Oh, it's you! You've come to help me make some memories!
What a good memory...
I want to make so many memories on my journey that I won't be able to fit them all in my backpack.
Thank you for helping me make memories! I'll give you this as thanks!
Are there any drowning Pokémon or Trainers here? I've taken it upon myself to go on swim patrol.
Waahh! I think I might drown!
I'd rather be a lifeguard than an athlete. It sounds cooler, right?
It is I who has come splashing over to you! Be not surprised by this Ace Trainer!
Splash...
Swept away, splashing, I am a Trainer adrift... I look forward to being swept back to you again someday!
Swept away, adrift, it has been too long! Let us drift along together!
Splash...splash...
I hope to drift away forever. I offer my life up to the waves and the winds...
This was swept here by the sea. Please take it, if it pleases you.
We Ace Trainers care not where we are when we train...or battle!
How could I lose here?
I develop my balance by standing on top of Pokémon in the raging seas.
Urp...ugh...uhh... Hurry up...guhh...and...start...
Urp...ugh...I can't take it anymore!
Ah...where's the shore? Which way to solid ground? Ugh...uhh...please... I'm uneasy here, so please come again.
Urp...ugh...uhh... It's you... You're all right.
Blechh! I knew I couldn't do it...
Ugh...it only gets worse when I move... What should I do?
Uhh...thank you for coming to see me... Take this with you if you like...
Hey! Hey, hey, hey! What's the deal? Are you after my snow cone?!
Wh-where did you come from?
Oh! It melted... My...my snow cone...
Pokémon are even more lively than usual when they get out here in nature!
Even though I lost, I feel refreshed.
Sure enough, Pokémon fit better in nature than in a city.
Huh? What are you doing in a place like this? Could it be that you're lost, too?
I lost my way in that battle, too.
I was curious about some Pokémon tracks, but when I followed them, I got totally lost!
Are you looking for Pokémon as well?
You're a strong Trainer.
I think there are many Pokémon around here.
The burger I ordered is taking forever! It's making me so totally crabby!
Gosh! I'm starving!
There's something special about the food at the Seashore House, isn't there? It's not like it's particularly good or anything, but I never want to miss out.
I'm not such an amateur that I'm going to take it easy just because you're a kid.
That was the work of a pro...
Hehehe... You're a pro, huh?
Fairy-type Pokémon are highly flammable, so do be careful!
I got completely burned up.
About these Fairy-type Pokémon... How can I make them get along with Fire-type Pokémon?
Hahaha... Don't fog up my goggles!
Sniffle...sniffle...
This is no good... I fogged up my own goggles with all these tears!
Are there any ruins that would satisfy me around here?
Oh! What a mystery!
I'm traveling the world on business. All the ruins in the Sinnoh region got me really excited!
I bought this swimsuit last year, but it doesn't fit anymore.
My body feels heavy...
I swim with Water types every day as part of my fitness program, but I still feel heavy.
My hobby is Pokémon-Amie. What? You got something to say about it?!
I'm not very good at battles.
Whether it's fashion, playing, or whatever, making fun of someone's hobby is insensitive.
My face is so scary that when I walk in the tall grass, nothing appears at all...
It must be nice to have strong Pokémon...
I was having such a hard time catching Pokémon, so I decided to raise them from Eggs instead.
Oh! It's you! How have you been? Let's celebrate meeting up again with a battle!
Your Pokémon are as strong as ever.
Hmmm... If my face is too scary for Pokémon to come to me in the tall grass, maybe I should try wearing a mask...
You're as strong as ever! Consider this your allowance.
I'll tell you this right up front... I'm super-crazy weak!
See...
I have confidence in my physical strength, but I'm totally awful at being a Trainer. It was fun battling you, though. We should do it again sometime.
Oh, it's you! You're, like, back for another battle, right? I might be a little better...
Hmm...you sure are strong.
I knew it would be fun to battle you. Let's do it again sometime, if you feel like it.
Thanks for hanging out with me! I'll give you this, so use it if you'd like.
When I told everyone that I can talk with Pokémon, they became concerned for me...
My Pokémon! You aren't in pain, are you?
It's more fun to be with Pokémon than to talk with people... Battling with Trainers may be a bit fun, though...
Oh! Hello, Trainer. You must be here for a battle, no?
My Pokémon seemed to enjoy that.
It's more fun to be with Pokémon than to talk with people. Battling Trainers makes Pokémon happy, though, so I don't mind you.
That was fun. Here, take this...
Pokémon are precious companions for me on this long trip.
How did my companion do?
The toughest thing about being on a trip is being alone. As long as I have my Pokémon, though, it doesn't bother me!
I've been alive for 54 years! My life has been all about battles!
How could this happen to me?
The Pokémon from that battle and I have been together since I was born.
Whoa, you look, like, totes strong and stuff. Maybe I shouldn't be doing this...
See?! I knew it!
Honestly, Super Training is just a pain. Training Pokémon is, like, super hard.
I'm always after the big one! I've got no patience for small fries!
That one was even bigger than I expected...
The tug on the line is the essence of fishing. Excitement lies in the strong pull of a big catch!
I throw my line in and settle back to ponder all sorts of things... Like, what is a Pokémon battle?
Fishing is philosophy...
To find peace in one's heart, one must only throw in a line.
Fishing is a battle between people and Pokémon! It's no hobby or sport or anything like that!
This is a battle, too.
There are apparently several kinds of fishing rods in the world. I'd like to catch Pokémon with each one of them.
Glug...glug glug...glug! (Hey! Did you come for a battle?!)
Glug...
Glug glug...glug! (That was fun! Let's do it again sometime!)
Glug...glug glug...glug. (Another battle, eh?!)
Glug...
Glug glug...glug... (It was as fun as I expected!)
Glug glug...glug... (I found this, but you can have it!)
Glug! Glu-glug! (Hey! Who do you think you are?!)
Glu-glug! Glu-glug!
Glu-glug! Glug! Glug-ug! (The Pokémon ran away!)
Bloo-bloop... Bloop... (Oh? An invitation to battle, yes?)
Bloop...
Bloop... Bloo-bloop... Bloop... (That was fun! Do come again!)
Bloo-bloop... Bloop... (Long time no see! I've been waiting for you!)
Bloop...
Bloop... Bloo-bloop... Bloop... (Thanks for coming all this way!)
Bloop... (Thanks for coming. Here's a souvenir for you.)
Bloop-oop... Bloop-oop-oop... (The sea in Hoenn is truly beautiful.)
Bloop...
Bloop bloop... Bloop-oop... (Just being underwater puts me in a good mood.)
Glug... Glug glug... (I'm looking for a Pokémon called Corsola.)
Glug glug glug...
Glug glug... Glug glug glug... (I'm doing some Corsola watching.)
Bloop! Bloop-oop-oop! (It's not like I'm drowning or anything.)
Bloop-oop!
Bloop! Bloop! Bloop! Bloop! (I'm just searching for my prey.)
Ace Trainers can even appear in the sea! Yes, even those who can't swim!
I'm gonna fall in!
Whoa, I was just about to fall off my Pokémon. It's not easy being an Ace Trainer.
I'm wearing my swimsuit under my shirt. The shirt makes it plain that I'm an Ace Trainer.
Water splashed on me.
Oh no, my shirt is soaked... Maybe I'll just transform into a swimmer.
Oh, you wanna battle, do you? Take a deep breath and it's on!
The water stings my eyes.
Even when I'm a soaking-wet loser, the fact remains that I am one cool dude.
Actually, even if I didn't have this tube, I could still swim!
My tube got in the way!
My mom told me I have to bring my tube when I go swimming, so it can't be helped!
For some reason this tube looks like a doughnut. I wonder if it would be as delicious...
I'm hungry.
I love doughnuts! I wonder if Pokémon do, too.
I feel like I'm losing my edge just drifting along with the waves.
Losing doesn't bother me.
As I watch everyone floating on the waves, it makes me feel like everything's all right.
Apparently in the Hoenn region a legend has been passed down that it's the birthplace of Mega Evolution.
Mega Evolution, huh?
Researching Mega Evolution here in Hoenn will lead to unraveling its mysteries.
Don't lump me in with those Swimmers! We athletes have come to battle!
Will I go down in the sea?
The triathlon is known as the sport of iron men! In order to win out in this cruel battle, training with Pokémon is indispensable!
Glug glug! Glug-ug-ug-ug! (I'm right in the middle of a treasure hunt!)
Glug-ug!
Glug! Glug! Glug-ug-ug! (Underwater—now that's adventure!)
Glug-blug! Glug-blug-ug! (It's possible to dive even if you can't swim.)
Glug-glug-blug-ug! Glug-blug!
Glug-blug-glug-ug! Glug-blug-ug-ug-ug! (Diving is easy. You just have to sink.)
Bloop bloop... (Oh, you're a Trainer, aren't you?)
Bloop...
Bloop bloop bloop bloop... (You can't skin dive, can you?)
Bloop-oop! Bloop-oop! Bloop-oop! (I became a Water-type Pokémon!)
Bloop-oop! Bloop-oop!
Bloop-oop! Bloop-oop! (My dream of becoming a Pokémon came true!)
Hurry up and get started already! This sea breeze is bad for my skin!
It's over... It's over...
Between the UV rays pouring down and the saltwater, this is the worst for my skin! I hate the sea!
The trick to fishing with a rod is to put your back into it! That's the key!
Way to put your back into it!
Using your back will help you improve at fishing more than anything else. Well then, you should try it, too! Go on, put your back into it!
Once you've cast your line, the idea is to hang in there until you catch something.
It got away from me.
Patiently enduring the wait until you catch something develops your staying power.
I was just napping on the beach when before I knew it I had been swept away!
Glug glug...
The sound of the waves is my lullaby.
I'm crazy about fishing but not very good at it.
You got me.
I battle and fish because I enjoy doing those things. I can enjoy myself regardless of the result.
On a journey to the land of Hoenn... Came an invitation to a Pokémon battle.
I lost...
Having a Pokémon battle at my destination makes me feel the elegance of my journey.
Glug-ug... Glug-ug-ug-ug... (The seas in Hoenn are famous for their beauty.)
Glug-ug.
Glug glug-ug... (A lot of divers dream of coming here.)
Glub... Glub... (Can you understand my hand signals?)
Glu-ub-ub-ub...
Gluh... Glub-ub-ub... (They mean, "Battles are fun!")
Blub! Blub-ub-ub! (Will you be my prey today?)
Blub-ub.
Blub-ub-ub! (No! You beat me at my own game!)
Bloop... Bloop-oop... (Elapsed time: 20 minutes, 14 seconds.)
Bloop-oop...
Bloop bloop-oop... (That's about as long as I can hold my breath.)
I'm not into this costume. I'm a Dragon Tamer, though, so I have to wear it!
Uhh... It's all a misunderstanding.
The Dragon Tamer uniform aims to appear prestigious. There are more than a few Trainers who have quit being Dragon-type users because of their dislike of it.
My muscles are trying to tell me something. They want me to battle you!
My muscles are crying.
After I strengthened my core muscles to the max, I became able to hear their voice!
This mural apparently depicts events in ancient Hoenn.
I learned a lot from that.
The study of history is just the same as the study of people.
I was headed to the Contest Spectacular Hall, but I seem to have lost my way.
What was that?!
I'm going to appear in the Contest Spectacular! My Pokémon and I are on our way to the big time!
I'm looking for Pokémon as long as I'm out here hiking.
I didn't even want to battle.
Maybe there aren't many good Pokémon around here.


I've no time for idle talk. Let us see your conviction.
Your conviction could even crush rock.
No words should be spoken by the defeated.
Your luck is about to run out! Your fate is to fall before me!
No!
Uhn... Even if they weren't quite cool, I delivered my lines awesomely, if I do say so myself.
You look all right for a kid. I can totally get into this!
I underestimated you!
You're really awesome! I dig you! Why don't you become one of my buddies?
Dragon types are the strongest Pokémon! I'll prove that with the likes of you!
Y-you...
You handle yourself quite well. I'll let you be my rival!
Don't come any closer! My big sister is all mine!
Stop it. Don't get too close to her!
Scall: Hey, are you OK, Sis?! Ion: ...Scall...
I don't hate strong Trainers, so we could battle again sometime. My big sister is all mine, though! You can't have her, no matter how many times you come for her!
I must admit that you have power. But I must warn you... You mustn't get too close to her.
No way! I hate being alone! I need my big sister!
Not a chance. I can't leave my sister alone.
Are you trying to take my big sister away again? My big sister and I will be together here for all eternity!
You... Could you... Could you be after Scall, too?
Scall: Hang in there, Sis! Ion: ...Scall...
It doesn't matter how many times you come back! My big sister is mine and mine alone!
Not a chance. I can't leave Scall's side...
I absolutely hate being all alone! My big sister and I battle together!
No way. I can't leave my sister alone.
I'll give you something nice! Just don't go near my big sister!
Take this. Now stop trying to get close to my sister.
Do you think you can win against we sisters who have been brought together by the greatness of Fairy magic?
We sisters, having been brought together by the greatness of a Ghost curse, are the strongest...
Elle: No! The spell was broken! Aya: Oh... The curse was lifted...
All right, time to stop playing sisters! Let's play again sometime, Trainer!
This girl lives in my neighborhood. Dealing with children is really tiring.
What?! You don't have enough Pokémon! I only do Double Battles!
Apparently this girl wants a Double Battle. Even one is enough, just bring more Pokémon.
Oh! You're the first Trainer we've met since we teamed up! We're what you call Brains & Brawn. We'll do our utmost!
All right! You're the first Trainer we've met since we formed our team! We're Brains & Brawn. Get ready, 'cause here we come!
Jael: Thank you very much! Kael: We learned a lot from you!
Wow! You sure are a strong Trainer! Please let us be your apprentices!
Amazing! I sure was impressed! Please! Let me call you my master!
Sorry, but we're a team. Please give us a Double Battle.
We want to make our way doing Double Battles. Please don't subject us to one-on-one battles.
Good morning, master! Please bestow your wisdom upon us!
Master! Good morning! Please watch our performance again!
Jael: Thank you very much, master! Kael: Master, thank you very much!
Master, you're a real genius! Becoming a Trainer like you, master, is our goal as a team!
Thank you so much for everything, master! I always learn so much from you! Please continue to teach me from here on out!
Sorry. I sure am sorry... Even if it's an order from you, master, I can't battle alone. We want to battle on as a team!
Please be patient with us, master. Even though it's an order from you, master, I can't battle alone. Please let me battle with my teammate!
Master! This is to thank you for your wisdom! It is only a trifle, but please accept it!
Master! Please take this! It may be shabby, but it's to express my gratitude for your wisdom!
Hey! Some Trainer came up and started talking to me! Go on, you attack first!
Hey! There's some Trainer talking to me! You attack first, just like we planned it!
Aden: It's all your fault! Finn: Pull yourself together!
Sorry that other guy messed things up. He's not used to Double Battles. (I might not be either...)
I'm really sorry we were so disgraceful. The other guy's still just a beginner. (I actually might be, too...)
It's quite difficult for me to say this, but we'd like to have a Double Battle.
Well, we're a team called Brains & Brawn that specializes in Double Battles.
Thank you for coming, challenger. As a servant of the Trick Master, I pierce through everything like a spear!
Welcome, challenger! As a servant of the Trick Master, I will repel all attacks like a shield!
Pike: Master... Shiel: Master...
I am a servant of the Trick Master. At least as long as he pays me...
I am a servant of the Trick Master! Even if I am just a seasonal worker!
If you wish to battle us servants of the Trick Master, you'll need more Pokémon.
If you wish to battle us servants of the Trick Master, prepare for a Double Battle!
Hmmph. You're a cute Trainer. I wonder how long you can hold out against my attack.
We're an invincible combination. We'll be burned into your memory!
Jude: Ugh... What happened? Rory: I'm so terribly sorry, m'lady!
It...can't end like this. Let's meet again someday.
Not all teammates are necessarily equals. I'm a loyal underling of this fair lady. It was certainly my mistake that caused us to lose the previous battle. In other words, a punishment of long, hard training awaits me.
Oh, that's too bad. We're Double Battle Trainers.
Sorry, but if you want to battle with us, you're going to need more Pokémon.
It has been too long, Trainer. We won't lose this time.
I'm going to burn the fruits of my training into your memory!
Jude: Ugh! What an awful mistake! Rory: Are you all right, m'lady?!
I won't give up just yet. Let's meet again someday.
Not all teammates are necessarily equals. I'm a loyal underling of this fair lady. However, since we began battling you, my mistress has placed more trust in me. At the same time, the training I do as punishment has gotten harder and harder, too. Tee-hee.
Have you forgotten? We're Double Battle Trainers.
Hey, what's the matter with you? You don't have enough Pokémon to battle.
I accept my defeat. Take this as proof of your victory.
Let me thank you for a fine battle. Please take this with you.
Glub...glub...glub... (Battles everywhere! That's what it is to be a Trainer!)
Glu-u-u-ub.
Glub...glub... (No matter where I go, battles are always the same.)
Gla-glub! Glub! Glu-glub! (Target sighted! I'll take 'em down!)
Glub!
Gla-glub! Glub! Glub! (I feel like swimming down to the depths I'm so embarrassed!)
Bloop...bloop-oop...bloop... (Hey, have you heard of marine snow?)
Bloop...
Bloop-oop...bloop... (Marine snow is proof of the sea's abundance.)
Blub! Blub-ub! (I'm looking for things that fell here.)
Blub-ub!
Blub-ub! Blub-ub-ub! (I can't find anything.)
Hmmph! That's one of Rydel's Bikes!
I expected no less from one who can handle a Bike produced by Rydel!
Mach Bikes and Acro Bikes... Knowing you, you'd be able to handle either one with no problem at all!
My role here is to test all the future Triathletes who come to Cycling Road.
You're qualified to ride all the way to the end of Cycling Road!
Please enjoy riding all around on this crazy huge Cycling Road to your heart's content!

The chair is fading away...


It's a harsh world...


No way! No, no, no!


It couldn't be helped...


May I curse you?


OK, I'll let you win.


You really did it, didn't you?!


Not like this...


What tenacity...


How careless of me...


Ugh...


You know no fear.


No wonder even my big bro can't win.


You did it, didn't you?


Sorry, Uncle.


What...


Who do you think you are?!


I can't change the fact that I lost.


...


Uhhngh...


I give! I give! Whoa! You're crazy strong for a kid!


Well, it's not like I coulda beat you by gettin' just a little bit stronger, right?

Yes! That's it! That's just what I was looking for!
To defeat me, a descendant of the ancient Sootopolis people, and even when I was holding nothing back...
Yet another defeat!
Even though I knew I wouldn't win, it's still disappointing!
I'm so hungry...
Yet another defeat!
Even though I knew I wouldn't win, it's still disappointing!
I'm so hungry...
S-so strong!
Are you telling me you're that strong and still just a kid?!
That's just too strong, right?!
Your strength is no joke! That made me dizzy.
You're crazy strong, just like always...
I knew I wouldn't win, but...
I'm Amy! This is my sister, Liv! We battle together!
The two of us together make one! We always battle together!
Amy: I'm disappointed. We couldn't win. Liv: We lost again, Sis.
Taking on two opponents at once makes you think!
My sister and I were breathing perfectly in sync, though. Why did we lose, again?
Huh? You only brought one Pokémon with you! You can't battle us like that!
If you want to battle us, you have to bring at least two Pokémon! We can't have a battle otherwise!
Here, Trainer! I'm disappointed, but thanks for the battle!
Here you go, Trainer! I'm disappointed, but thanks for the battle!
Well, well, I lose again!
I expected no less of you!
It really is hot.
Spectacular!
Phew...
<var>! Please see how much my training has accomplished! This time my team is the best it can be!
Gaaahhh!
Hah...hah... Maybe I need to start again from scratch. But you performed as well as I'd expect, <var>! You even beat the best team I could put together! And, well, Pokémon battling really is great, isn't it? When I get to spend every day training and battling like this, I really can't help thinking, so... I enjoy every day so much that I really think I finally found where I belong. I...I'm going to keep getting stronger! So please battle with me again!
Hah...hah... Here, <var>... Take this, hah, with my thanks.
An intruder? In our hideout?! You're pretty shady looking. On your mark, get set, fight!
Beaten at my own game! For a second time!
You're not an intruder? Uh...sorry. I thought you were with that girl who was in here messing up our hideout earlier.
If you want to get to the Leader, you'll have to defeat me first. Not that you would have a chance even if the whole world went topsy-turvy!
It was my Pokémon and I who went all topsy-turvy!
What's going on with you and that girl from earlier? I know teenagers can feel frustrated, but that's no reason to go wrecking other people's hideouts. What's that? You're not together? Sorry about that.
Hey! You're that intruder who messed up our base! I'mma teach you a lesson!
I got taught! Heh heh.
Huh? You're not an intruder? S-sorry for the mistake... I thought you were with that weird lady who was trashing our hideout earlier.
If you wanna get to Archie, you gotta take me out first. You're years away from being able to beat me, though!
Perhaps my Pokémon and I are the ones with years of training to do...
What's going on with you and that girl from earlier? Teenagers are old enough to know the difference between right and wrong! You can't go trashing somebody's hideout on impulse! Huh? That wasn't you?! S-sorry about that. I apologize.
Heave-ho! By fanning out, we spotted a suspicious person!
Fanning out doesn't help you in Pokémon battles at all!
I hope you just keep going straight. I'm sure it'll be fun... Tee hee.
Hey, hey, hey! Fanning out has helped in spotting a suspicious person!
Fanning out has nothing at all to do with winning Pokémon battles!
You should just keep going straight. I'm sure it'll be a riot... Tee hee hee.
Just like I'd expected of you, <var>...
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
It's no surprise! I hate to admit it, but you're pretty strong!
