All right! Let's go!
Yahoo! Ya-hoooooo! I did it! I won again!
No! I lost!
Haw haw haw... I'll show you how hawesome my Pokémon are!
What do you think?! Hawesome, huh? My Pokémon and I are the strongest!
Could it be... How... My Pokémon and I are the strongest, though...
No need to waste time saying hello. Bring it on whenever you're ready!
What a match! I'm quite satisfied with the result.
I won't lose next time! Let's battle again sometime!
I've raised my Pokémon with great care. You're not allowed to hurt them!
Yay! Yay! I won! My Pokémon and I are amazing, huh?!
Your Pokémon are more amazing! Trade with me!
I'll show you the ropes of how to really use Pokémon!
I guess we can stop training for today. You learned some new things, right?
You actually taught me a lesson! You're pretty amazing!
You're only young once. And you only get one shot at a given battle. Soon, you'll be nothing but a memory.
A bit more color has been added to a page of my youthful memories...
I don't need memories like this. Deleting memory...
School is boring. I've got nothing to do. Yawn. I'm only battling to kill the time.
Am I supposed to be all, like, "Yay!" when I win? It's too late to get excited now.
I'm actually getting tired of battling... There's gotta be something new to do...
I'm a beginner, but I'll do my best! I'll give it everything I can. Watch me!
Oh! I forgot to finish off our battle! I still need to study more...
Sorry if I bored you! I'll try harder next time!
I'm gaining as much experience as I can because I want to be a Gym Leader someday.
That was quite an experience. The data I got from you will help me grow stronger.
Even difficult, trying experiences have their purpose, I suppose.
Hey! This is no laughing matter! We're about to battle!
Regardless of who wins or loses, we should thank each other after a battle.
Regardless of who wins or loses, we should thank each other after a battle.
I'll give you a battle worthy of a battle-school valedictorian!
Now do you understand the ability of someone who's at the head of the class?
Wh-where do you study? I want to study there, too!
My dad is a Veteran Trainer, so I should have what it takes, too.
I guess the talent you're born with really does decide battles...
This result is impossible... I am my father's son, after all.
I'm good at the strategy and tactics of battles, but I'm bad at throwing Poké Balls!
I was able to throw my Poké Ball this time! It usually just rolls out of my hand...
If only there were a machine that would throw Poké Balls for me...
I'm honestly not that good at Pokémon battles... When I think about my future, though, it seems like I have no choice but to battle!
I hate to say this, but if you can't even beat me, the rest of the way is going to be really tough.
See... I knew I couldn't win. I'm not cut out for competition.
Experience begets power! Isn't that what they say?! Anyway, won't you battle me?
Even an amateur like me can win! Experience is the best teacher, so they say.
This battle was a valuable experience. I still need to gain more experience!
There's a limit to how far I could get studying by myself, so I started taking battle lessons.
It seems that my studies have paid off. Could this be my actual ability level?
All I learn in my lessons is the conventional way of battling, which doesn't seem useful in actual battles.
This is Rough Skin, isn't it?! Rain Dish, Rain Dish?
It's not Rough Skin! Rain Dish, Rain Dish.
This is Rough Skin, isn't it?! Rain Dish, Rain Dish...
Huehuehue... If it's cash you want, I've got some. How about you go and lose this battle for me?
I may have said I had cash, but I haven't said anything about giving you any!
I couldn't fool you, could I? You do quite well, don't you?
I shall present to you elegant moves worthy of the title of Rich Boy!
It's said that a Pokémon's strength depends on its training. It's not your fault. It can't be helped.
To think that anybody could be stronger than me! ...You're not just anybody!
My father, a great man, always said, "The ends justify the means as long as you win!"
It's just as my father said... History is written by the winners.
Wh-why?! Could my father's words have been wrong?
Just because I'm Daddy's little girl, it doesn't necessarily mean I'm ladylike!
I do what I want! I live how I please! That's the way Daddy's little girl rolls!
That strength... You're like a thriving roadside weed...
Chosen Trainers will choose chosen Pokémon.
So it seems victory has chosen me.
It seems I have been chosen to lose...
There's a certain etiquette to battles with glamorous, elegant ladies.
Fool! Oh no, there I go again...
Such an immodest way of battling! I just can't be around it!
You look so serious and boring... Can you keep me entertained?
Hey, we just got going! This is where it starts getting good!
Ah... You weren't bad... Which only makes me miserable...
I may be incompetent, having been born only recently, but I'll take the liberty of battling you as best I can.
You graciously allowed a win to someone so inexperienced that I still have my baby teeth. I thank you!
Thank you so very much for spending time with a novice like me, still so young I wet the bed.
Oh! Yer a bad guy, aren't ya? I'll stand up to ya!
Wahaha! Justice wins! I'm gonna exile you!
You didn't let up at all, even against a little kid! Yer a bad guy, just like I said!
Hey, baby! You're just what I've been looking for! I'm not gonna let you get away!
Hey, don't think bad of me, baby! You ran out of luck when you met me.
I guess I slipped up there... You did pretty good, baby.
My Pokémon and I are the strongest. We'll take care of each and every one of you.
My Pokémon and I were the strongest. We took care of each and every one of you.
My Pokémon and I are the strongest, so there's no way we could have truly lost.
Um, this is what you call a battle, right? Why do we do stuff like this again?
Um, that was what you call a battle, right? You lost, so now you have to be my servant!
Umm, that was what you call a battle, right? I lost, so now do I have to be your servant?
I'm the heroine of justice! You mysterious, evil person! I'll drive you away!
Huh? I went to the trouble of taking you down, but you didn't explode like on TV!
Whoa! The world is falling into the hands of evil! Are we headed for an unhappy ending?
Snicker snicker...
Snicker snicker!
Sniffle sniffle...
I know you, Trainer! So you're the Champion, eh?
I beat the Champion, so I'm the new Champion!
Whoa! That's what I expected from the Champion! Strong!
I've spent 20 years trying to find myself... But where am I?
Before I start searching for my real self... Where in the world are we here?
Wait up a second! Hey! Don't you know who I am?
How many thousands of years has it been... If only I could lose, my journey would end...
I won again... My journey still isn't over...
You... Thank you... Now my journey can come to an end...
Hey, don't be so stuck up! Battles can be left up to fate!
Winning, losing—in the end, it's all luck. But if it's fun, isn't that enough?
Oh! Aren't you the lucky one! I hope you also had fun, though.
Travels! Encounters! Love and adventure! Well, where will I find a darling to share it?
I'm not looking for a kid! Tell me where the hunky men are!
Sniff, sniff... This is no good... I can't smell the perfume of love. Bye!
I knew this cheap package tour wouldn't be any good.
This tour's supposed to come with Pokémon battles, but it's just making me tired!
Why would this place be included in the tour?
You know, the prices in this region really are low, aren't they?
Though the level of Trainers in this region... Well, they're not worth writing home about.
I could live the high life in a country where everything costs so little!
My job is riding on the result of this battle.
I did it again. I won... I'm going to be fired for not providing good-enough service...
That was close... I just barely lost... Thanks to the service I provided, I can keep my job.
I've got no time for greetings! Food! Give me food, I say!
Hey... You lost, right? Give me food... Give it to me...
I...wanted to eat...until I'm stuffed... one...last...time...
Welcome! Welcome! Pokémon Trainers, right this way!
We truly thank you for your patronage. Please do come again.
We have reached closing time for today. We look forward to seeing you again soon.
Ain't you dat Champion? Lessee what you got!
Hohoho. Dat's it, huh? Even the Champion ain't nothin' special.
I guess you could say I expected this, or— how shall I put it—you gave me a wicked match.
I have confidence in my Pokémon's manners.
We're competing to see who wins and who loses, so of course we have manners.
I was so focused on manners that I overlooked a chance to win.
Welcome!
Thank you!
Please come again!
I'm begging for more allowance and saving my money so I can go on a trip around the world someday!
I turn 44 this year, but I have no intention of going out into the world until I've gone around the world.
When I said that the world was calling me, my mom told me to get a job.
I can't let Pokémon I really love battle.
My Pokémon could get hurt, so I can't take them out here.
The Pokémon you use... Do you really like them?
The Pokémon Fan Club is a secret organization into which only a chosen few may enter.
You don't meet the prerequisites for admission. First, I recommend that you get stronger.
You're actually good, aren't you? Join the Pokémon Fan Club!
My husband may not be much to look at, but his love of Pokémon is what drew me to him.
The most important thing in a marriage is having shared interests, after all.
Looks fade with age anyway. It's best to have the same values.
Sometimes I drive myself crazy wondering why I wasn't born a Pokémon.
I wonder if I could become a Pokémon if I had a Trainer...
Oh, I wish I could crawl inside a Poké Ball to live! Ooh, I want to be ordered what moves to do!
I'm drowning in Pokémon. It might be too late for me.
I think life's OK as long as you get back more than you lose.
Even my own family disowned me. As long as I have Pokémon, that's OK, though.
I inherited this big-boned body from my parents... I'm like a living mountain range...
Ha ha! Now I can consume some more calories...
It's not enough... It's never enough. My bad cholesterol isn't high enough...
I was born, raised, and live in the mountains. I'm an Ace Hiker, I tells ya.
You're no good at all, I tell ya! Wanna hide away in the mountains with me?
They say perseverance can move mountains. I won't give up yet, I tells ya!
Muwahaha! The legend of my invincibility begins with you!
I'm completely invincible! My legend begins here!
Ha... Are you telling me that your legend just started?
Wait! Wait! I'm still trying to think up my strategy!
I had no plan, but I won anyway! Maybe I shouldn't overthink things!
I told you to wait a second! It's just that my strategy wasn't ready yet!
I can hear a fairy's voice... It's telling me not to slip up with you...
Thank you, fairy... I was about to be in trouble...
Fairy... I'm scared... Help... Help me...
Uhnn... What is this place? It doesn't have the aroma of a fairy tale at all!
No, no, that won't do, it won't do at all. When I'm in trouble, I feel farther away from fairy tales.
I need to get out of this place. My fairy tale is going to disappear!
...Stay away.
...Go away.
...Bye.
As you can see, I'm a bad guy, and that's why I fight dirty!
You're too soft to face off against a bad guy! You're making things harder on yourself.
OK, OK. All right, all right. Justice has to win in the end.
Huhuehuehue... No crying when you lose...
Hey, hey! No crying! I've got no time for some kid's tears!
Sniffle... Sniffle sniffle... I'm disappointed... So disappointed...
I have a strict policy about my hairstyle. It's my whole life, so I get really fired up about it.
When my hairstyle is looking really sharp, it gets me really fired up!
I'm having a bad hair day, so there's nothing I could've done.
I hope the distance between us gets a little closer during this battle.
Your fickle tenderness is piercing my heart.
Our feelings for each other are so strong that the loneliness will be terrible after we say good-bye.
Fair and square? Don't make me laugh! There's no point to battles if you don't win!
Victory is what makes battling worth it. What what?! I just dropped knowledge!
What can you learn from a defeat? All you feel is regret, right?
Br-bring it on! Bearing in mind that I'm a b-beginner!
Yay! Thanks for going easy on me!
Hey! Are you for real? I'll pay you back for treating me like this!
Defeat is not a dish on my bill of fare!
Oh dear! You aren't quite fresh enough, are you? Not even fit for a mess hall!
Oh, there's a kick to you! You must tell me your secret ingredient!
St-stay away from me! Get too close, and I will julienne you!
It...it...it's all your fault for challenging me! Next time I'll turn you into a tasty stew!
Stop! Just hold on a moment! I don't want to be grilled over a flame!
Ahh... I'm starving... I'm too weak to even throw a Poké Ball...
I'm glad I won, but I can't move another inch... Somebody... Get me some food...
I just...wanted to... stuff myself...one...last...time.
People say I'm a diamond in the rough. Sure you wanna battle with me?
I don't know what they mean, but people say I'm a diamond in the rough!
There's something about the phrase "diamond in the rough" that makes me hungry.
First comes practice. Second comes slacking off. Third and fourth come panic and more panic. Fifth comes battle...
Apparently, hard work will never let you down. Couldn't it be enough to work kind of hard?
OK, OK... I lose. Maybe I'll just keep working kind of hard.
Th-this is my first real battle... M-my legs feel weak...
I can't remember what orders I gave... B-but I won!
My mind is a blank. I can't hold a thought in my head right now.
Just because I'm a Rising Star, don't expect the freshness of a newcomer.
That was beginner's luck, if I do say so myself.
I may be a newcomer and a Rising Star, but I'm already 39.
I slipped past my master to come play here in secret.
I deceived my master by saying I was running errands and came here to play.
My master hates both Pokémon and battles, so there's no other way for me to come here.
Very well then, I shall take the liberty of determining whether or not you possess the qualifications befitting a master.
It seems that your power is slightly insufficient to employ me.
How wonderful! Won't you hire me? I do command quite a salary, though.
I've been searching for a master I can serve for 10 years. I'm a wandering Butler...
O master, where art thou... Perhaps I should lower my standards...
Being a meddlesome old man won't keep me fed. Isn't there a master out there for me?
I started this job because it pays well, but I've just about reached my limit!
Pokémon are good at doing what they're told. Me? I absolutely can't stand being ordered around.
Being bossed around is crazy annoying, right? That's one area where Pokémon are really great.
When you're dressed like this and say cute things, you're pretty popular with lonely guys.
Lonely guys are easy to be around. You never have to be yourself with them.
The problem is when I'm dressed like this, the man of my dreams gets weirded out and pulls away from me.
Are you supposed to be my new overlord? What! Is this really OK?!
What? Are you through already? As an overlord, you're totally not worth serving.
I expected nothing less from my overlord! It would be worthwhile to serve you!
My Pokémon will trump yours! You can bet on losing!
All right! Victory is mine! Fortune is smiling on me!
Ahh... I'm flat broke... That's it. I've got nothing left...
My paintbrush is made of secret materials.
Well, pull out a strand of your hair. I need it to make my paintbrush thicker again.
Hmmph... I won't tell you the secret of my paintbrush.
You've got potential! All right! I'll make you my apprentice!
I feel great! The best! Just like that! Listen to me worshipfully!
I don't care for your disobedient attitude! Consider yourself expelled from your apprenticeship!
A battle with me is a test of your aesthetic sensibility.
Hunnh... Not bad... You've got a surreal side...
Hunnh... Not bad... You've got a realistic side...
People have started calling me an up-and-coming artist, but it's not all it's cracked up to be.
I thought I could make money if I just bought some paper and some paint...
There's these people called curators who take most of my money, so it's like I'm not making any money.
Release it now! Release the passion locked inside you!
Is that all you've got? Is that the sum total of the passion you have locked inside you?
Ahh... That's the kind of passion I've been looking for!
It bothers me that people always misunderstand me. I'm a lot more pure than everyone thinks.
My body and mind aren't necessarily always in sync.
I really don't want my skin to burn, so I want to stay in the shade while I work.
You'd best not send out any weak Pokémon! Your opponent is my partner in construction!
Gwahahaha! How about that?! Didja see that?! My partner's rough and tough!
Ahh... My partner broke down. What am I gonna do at the site tomorrow?
I can't spend all of my time battling with Pokémon, or I could lose my job!
Even now, as long as I keep coming here, I'm missing out on other things.
It's not like I regret it or anything. A life where you can go crazy about something is a happy life.
There aren't as many people battling at work these days because they've moved on to the Contest Spectacular.
The Contest Spectacular is just superficial. It's just not in my nature at all.
I'm tired of losing battles. Maybe I'll try going to the Contest Spectacular...
What I really want to do is surf. But I can't swim, so I got these Roller Skates.
No matter how good I get on these Roller Skates, I still don't feel like I'm any more popular with the ladies.
I bet guys who can surf get more girls than guys on Roller Skates. I wish I could surf...
People call me the "electrastic" Trainer! Think you can keep up with me?
That speed! It's electrastic!
Apparently electrastic isn't a real word. I'll keep using it because it's cool, though.
I'm only good on Roller Skates. I can't skateboard or snowboard at all.
I would never just skate by in battle! Even if I am wearing Roller Skates!
I guess I can't just skate by anymore... Even if I am wearing Roller Skates.
Lots of the metal fixtures on my skates broke, and I've been stuck wearing them for close to four years now.
My Roller Skates have become like a part of my body now.
Won't they stink since they've been on my feet this whole time? I even wear them in the bath!
Hey! If you're not considerate to your elders, you'll be pulled out by the roots!
I'll bet that turned your hair white!
The fruits of my victory... have already been harvested...
Hey there! I'm a Gardener! My scissors are my only real friends.
My specialty and my hobby are both cutting things! My favorite move with scissors is Guillotine!
I knew I hated humans! All I need is scissors!
If all you have is passable ingredients, you can't do better than passable battles.
You haven't drawn out the natural flavors of your Pokémon.
I have no idea what the natural flavors of my Pokémon are.
Adults don't say what they're really thinking, OK? You have to read between the lines to find the truth.
Uh-oh! You're OK, aren't you? Sorry I flew into a rage!
Well done! You were lovely! I can't imitate that!
There are no Trainers who know my techniques but can't cook!
Hahaha! Thanks for the nourishment! That was a pretty tasty encounter!
What sort of Trainer is this... That flavor is too peculiar to eat...
Even as old as I am, I just can't give up Pokémon battles.
What would my life have been like without Pokémon?
You have to be careful! Pokémon battles can steal away so much of your time...
Isn't that nice... You're still a kid... I wish I could go back...
I've become a cynical adult, so I even cheat during battles.
I was so innocent back then... Where has that girl gone?
I've always wanted to be a Beauty, so I've made a fresh start, focusing on my appearance.
Whatever your dream is, if you want to make it a reality, you have to do what it takes.
Six months' investment in the latest treatments... Look at me now! I glow like never before!
My trip starts here! I'll beat you and get a ticket!
All right! I'm on my way now! My battle begins here!
The train called victory has left without me... My trip ends here...
What's that? I look bored? That's because this is a company trip.
I really can't take sleeping all huddled together with my coworkers in a big room.
Don't you think it's better to take trips alone or with someone you love or something!
Traveling alone... Isn't it great to be so free...
I'm traveling alone, so it's fun not needing to worry about anyone else...
Traveling alone is the best... After all, I'm all alone...
Traveling is fun, but thinking about what souvenirs to buy is a hassle.
I mean, it costs money, so I wish the custom of giving souvenirs would go away.
It's not like anybody is ever really happy to get souvenirs from people anyway.
A true Gentleman's heart never wavers in battle.
Ha... Snicker snicker... I can't...stop laughing...
Ooh... Ooh... I can't...stop crying...
I'd like to have a pleasant battle! Provide me with that service!
Taking it easy on me isn't very good service! You have no idea how to entertain!
Yes yes! That was a nice battle! It feels good to lose like that!
Don't be nervous—leave it to me. If it's technique we're talking about, I'm confident.
How was it? It was fun, right? I knew my technique would win out!
For my Pokémon to not even stand a chance, you must be quite the technician!
For the sake of your future, think about how you interact with your elders.
You know how to make your way in the world. I think you'll succeed in the future.
You don't know anything about the world. I think you'll struggle in the future.
Even though my upbringing and behavior are poor, I've raised my Pokémon well.
Right? Pretty good Pokémon, huh? I'm suited to raising things.
Unlike my diabolical self, these are some good Pokémon.
You get as much love as you give when you're dealing with Pokémon...
Pokémon...are nice... They may be selfish, but they won't betray you.
The only thing I still believe in... is my Pokémon...
Unlike humans, Pokémon never betray you. That's why I decided to love them.
This proves my Pokémon have accepted my love.
I am happy! Happy, I tell you! Don't look at me like that!
There's a lot that goes into being a Pokémon Breeder.
The most fun part of this job is getting close to Pokémon.
The hardest part of this job is saying farewell to Pokémon.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Hello-how-are-ya? In good form? I'm Nita. Welcome to me Battle Maison, pet. I've not been to Hoenn in ages! Sure, I may be the youngest of us four Battle Chatelaine sisters, but I'm still a class Trainer. I've been an owner of this Battle Maison this long time. Honestly, I am not telling fibs! I'd be in charge of the Single Battles myself. Would you do me a favor? A bit of a match? You will? Grand! Then let's begin at once!
Would you look at the cut of me Pokémon! What a battle, and me not trying for real even! Oh, I'm scarlet for you, pet. Made a complete and utter hash o' that one, didn't you now? But get you a bit more training, and you'll be grand. Trust me, training's your only man. The Battle Maison and Nita are both here and waiting for a challenge every day o' the year! We'll always be waiting for you! See you then!
That was great fun! En't you a jammie one! But then I know what you're on about, I do! Ye weren't really trying, then. Is it not yourself who is Hoenn Champion? Should we meet again, I'll be giving it me all! If you want to battle against me serious, you wouldn't be goin' astray to train up a bit. Thanks a mill! You come back again sometime!
Ummmm... W-welcome to the Battle Maison... My name is Evelyn... I'll t-try t-t-to serve you as a Battle Chatelaine like my sisters, so... I'm the th-third of us four. M-my specialty is... Double Battles... I guess... Ummmm... I've not been to Hoenn for a while, so I'm a bit more nervous than usual... Oh, please! I'm sorry, but... Please s-start the battle already!
I'm s-s-so sorry! I didn't m-mean for anything like this to... It wasn't supposed to happen like this! Being back here in my hometown, I su-su-suppose I got overly excited. I'm supposed to make sure that our fine guests have a grand time! Sniffle... Sniffle... Sob... I'm so sorry... I'll be certain to do it right next time... So please... Please come to challenge me to a Double Battle again...
O-oh! Fair play! You're quite strong, aren't you, guest! Now that I've seen how strong you are, I feel I shouldn't have held back. It's just that my elder sisters had asked me to take it a bit easy on new guests... The next time that we battle, I will try much harder to beat you! P-please continue to patronize the Battle Maison... And to challenge me!
Welcome to the Battle Maison! I'm Dana. Thank you for coming. I am the second eldest of the four sisters who run this Battle Maison. I am also a Triple Battle expert! ...I've no use for an act like that here in Hoenn, have I? Everyone here knows my true self! Well, give us a battle, then! I'll show you how it's done!
Hang on, are you not the Champion, then? Is that all you've got? Catch yourself on! I suppose it can't be helped if you're feelin' a bit off today... Come back for more if you're disappointed. I'll be waiting.
Gasp...gasp... I expected no less from the Champion... You and your Pokémon are brilliant, aren't ye? You've lit a fire in me heart, you have... Gasp gasp... You're all right... Away ye go and keep on winning! 'Cause if ye do... I'll show ye my real skills. Ye'd do well to mind yourself then!
If you're free for a time, come on by. ♪ If you're bored for a while, stop on in. ♪ Battle till you burst, oh, won't you try. ♪ Want to battle? The Battle Maison Replica's fine. ♪ Heh heh! What do you think, my ladyoung missie? We just had that jingle written for our wee Battle Maison Replica. Music can be a lovely distraction. D'you not find that yourself? Oh me, I've not even introduced myself, have I? Well, don't bite my head off! I'm the eldest of the four Battle Chatelaine sisters. Do call me Morgan. We all thank you for coming to visit our cherished Battle Maison Replica today. I'll do me best to entertain here at the birthplace of the Battle Maison.
Thank you for the battle, love! Did you have a bit of fun yourself? Here in Hoenn is where our Battle Maison was born—and me sisters and I, as well. These days we make more over in Kalos, so this is no more than a replica now. I'll be taking me leave, but I look forward to your next visit.
Thank you for the battle, love! Did you have a bit of fun yourself? Get out of the garden! I'd no idea you were such a fine Trainer! I should expect no less from Hoenn's Champion, I suppose. I've taken quite a shine to you, my fine ladgirl! Sad to say, we've quite run out of time for our battle today. I wait with all my heart for the next time you come to challenge me!
Thanks for coming to the Battle Maison! I'm Dana. I am the second eldest of the four sisters who run this Battle Maison. I will praise your bravery, at least, in attempting a Multi Battle with me! And, of course, I am hardly alone! ... Oh, give me a break, Evelyn! It's your line next! Come on!
Dana: Well, I suppose that wasn't so bad then... You can't stack up to the skills of us sisters, though! Isn't that so, Evelyn? ... ... Oh, for pity's sake, Evelyn! Wake up! I'm morto for them and you! Honest!
Dana: Ugh... You're not bad, that's for certain... To think that you would be able to break through our perfect combo... But my real stage is the Triple Battle! And Evelyn's speciality is Double Battle! If you took either of us on in our own specialties, we'd never lose to you! Isn't that right, Evelyn?!
I-I-I'm sorry, Dana... U-um, my name is Evelyn... I-I-I'm usually in charge of Double Battles... ... U-um...so...well... I'm not all flash like my sister Dana when it comes to talking... ... U-umm! Please! I'm sorry, but... Please start the battle already!
Evelyn: Huh? Wh-what? D-did you say something, Dana? I was so n-nervous...that I don't remember a thing o' the battle. Sniff...sniffle... Oh, I am scarlet for myself... Ummmm...I... I... I... Th-thank you for the battle! P-please visit the Battle Maison again! N-now...excuse me!
Evelyn: Wh-wha... Well, I never said... I-I don't really think I'm all that good at Double Battles either... The r-reason we just lost was because I'm so slow... S-so I don't think these guests should expect much from me... I'd look right silly... Please... Pick anything but Double Battle... N-now then... I'll excuse myself... Thank you for the battle...
W-w-welcome... To the B-Battle Maison... Uh um... We would like to thank you...for choosing a Multi Battle today... S-so...um... You will be facing my elder sister Morgan and me, Evelyn, today...
Evelyn: Th-th-thank you very much! Y-your Pokémon were brilliant! I w-will also work hard, so you'll never be stuck! for a challenge... So please... Come visit us at the Battle Maison again...
Evelyn: Um, fair play, you two! You were both so very strong! Th-the truth is I was nervous facing two strangers at the same time. So I don't know what I did... B-but I will try even harder the next time that we have a Multi Battle... So please d-do definitely ask me to join you in a Multi Battle again.
Evelyn? Are you ready to begin? Are you nervous again, pet? Remember, it is very important to greet our precious guests... I know some of these goofs like it when you waffle about, so that's fine for business, but... Hmm? Oh? Oh! Were you earwigging? What a cheeky thing you are! I should not have been discussing personal matters in front of a guest! L-let's just get straight to the battle, shall we? And not before time! Evelyn and myself will do our very best, though we're both quite hopeless at all this!
Morgan: Oh, good on you, both of you two! Did you enjoy our wee little combo? I've two other younger sisters, sure, in addition to my shy Evelyn here. If you happen to meet either of them, I trust they'll show you a good time. We'll all be looking forward to your next visit, then! Don't work too hard!
Morgan: Oh, good on you, both of you! Did you enjoy our little combo? Our Evelyn is quite reserved, so she gets a wee bit nervous in these big battles. But she'd take you on handily in a Double Battle! I hope you'll claim a Double Battle with her soon. And of course I'd be tickled meself to see you in one of my Rotation Battles. We'll all be looking forward to your next visit, then! Don't work too hard!
The battles continue forever! Welcome to the world with no end!
If you're already losing, maybe it'd be better to turn back now.
Ahaha! There it is! That's right! You're already right at home in this world!
Victory will never come to those who aren't prepared to face defeat.
I'm not prepared to lose, but I won easily anyway.
Keep winning for me, too. Become the number-one Trainer here.
Miniskirts are, like, unbelievable, right?
They're easy to move in and cute. Anything but a miniskirt would be unbelievable, right?
You've got to enjoy a fad while you still can, right?
Close my eyes... Sharpen my senses... I have to trust my instincts...
I'm glad I trusted my instincts...
My judgment wasn't off, though...
In order to become a first-class Trainer, I was forced to come study abroad here.
I can learn a lot from Pokémon battles in this country.
I'm too homesick to want to do any studying...
My dream is to be rich and live in the lap of luxury.
The reason I'm here battling like this is to try to grab my shot.
When I'm a big, important man, I'll make you regret this.
My Pokémon and I will take the liberty of using you to face off against.
I suppose it could be said that my relationship with my Pokémon is satisfactory for the time being.
I need to rethink my relationship with my Pokémon.
If you slacked off on your studies, you've got no chance. Capable girls like me are capable.
If you waste all of your time, you'll never grow as a Trainer.
When you lose, do you go so far as to analyze the reason for your defeat and review your performance?
I've already got most of the Pokémon and more money than I know what to do with.
I just win all my Pokémon battles, too. I feel like my life is already over.
I'm so well off that life has become tedious. Even experiences like this are fun for me.
Hey, hey! I'm a Rich Boy! Bow to your patron!
Now you understand, eh? Don't be so impudent as to think you could defeat me!
Hey! How dare you do such a thing to a Rich Boy like me!
My family thinks battles are beneath me, but I can't help but enjoy them.
Gwahaha... I can't get enough of the feeling of superiority when looking down on a loser...
Uhhn... I can't get enough of the feeling of loss when the winner looks disdainfully at me...
I was born rich and I party all the time. I'm what you call party people.
Battles are way more exciting than any party.
Ahh... I want to have an all-night Pokémon-battle party!
My dad catches Pokémon for me. I don't know how strong they are, though.
My Pokémon and I ARE strong! Thank you, Dad!
My Pokémon and I are weak... Stupid Dad!
My big brother who never comes out of his room told me to come check this place out for him.
I'll let my big brother know that this is a fun place.
I'll let my big brother know that this is a scary place.
Ma! Pa! Watch me! I'll do my best!
Ma! Pa! Were you watching? I was so strong!
Ma, Pa... I lost... Get revenge for me...
All Mom and Dad do is fiddle with their tablets! They never play with me! I'm bored!
I don't like Mom or Dad or their silly tablets! All I need are Pokémon!
Maybe I'm not really their kid... Maybe their tablets are...
I may be getting on in years, but I'm a self-proclaimed globe-trotting adventurer!
Actually, this trip is just an excuse for me to keep running away from reality.
When adventure comes calling for me, it's bye-bye to my harsh reality!
I'm collecting Poké Balls from all over the world. As long as you're here, let me show you!
What'd you think of my Poké Ball collection? Pokémon don't matter to me!
Well, Poké Balls are actually all the same anywhere you go in the world, though.
I want to go home already... I've had enough of traveling...
Trainers keep attacking me... I shouldn't have come to a place like this...
Places you don't know are scary... Just lounging around the house is the best...
What I look forward to when I travel is catching Pokémon at my destination.
When I'm with the Pokémon I brought home from my travels, it brings back lovely memories of my trip.
Lovely memories from my trip live on forever in my Poké Ball.
Thanks to my Pokémon, I spend every day totally addicted to my part-time job.
I have a gluttonous Pokémon that's destroying my budget. No joke!
Living life for Pokémon... Am I OK with this...
After I finish working at my part-time job, Pokémon battles soak gradually into my tired body.
Yay! Pokémon battles are the best! Battles are what I live for!
Terrible bosses, all the annoyances— I can forget it all while I'm battling.
All right, I'm going to start the timer, so let's get this over with before it goes off!
Hey, wait! That was crazy fast! I guess we can go ahead and stop.
See, see? Time's already up. You were a bit too tough.
My part-time job is so fun that I don't feel like going to school anymore.
It feels like I'm going to waste my youth just going back and forth between here and my part-time job.
I may not be good at studying, but working is really fun for me.
Your opponent will be me, the Pokémon Fan Club's greatest battler!
Soft! You're too soft! You'll never get into the Pokémon Fan Club like that!
Oh... You are quite the fan... You are qualified to join the Pokémon Fan Club...
...Shall we begin? Let's see just how much of a fan you are...
Tsk tsk. That wasn't much of a showing. You're not enough of a fan yet.
Hmmph... I'm no match for you... I can't beat people who are bigger fans than me.
Do you intend to challenge me, a director of the Pokémon Fan Club?
It was a mistake to challenge me if you're not that much of a fan.
Glory...to the... Pokémon...Fan Club...
Well, I've got nothing but time on my hands. You don't look busy. Keep me company!
Well, you helped me kill some time. I'm satisfied with that.
Please don't leave! Things were going so well! I have such great plans for us!
It's not like I'm calling to the mountains. It's the mountains that are calling to me!
A man who is loved by the mountains... Guilty as charged...
I can hear a sobbing voice... The mountains are weeping...
Hi there! I'm a Hiker! ♪ Watch your step!
Yay! The Hiker won! Love and gratitude to my Pokémon! ♪
You made my Pokémon cry! I'm gonna break down and howl, too!
How should I hold my arm when I throw a Poké Ball? Is it like this? Or maybe like this?
Apparently battles go better when you throw your Poké Ball in the right way.
I looked cool throwing my Poké Ball. But I got distracted, so I lost.
A younger friend of mine just became an Ace Trainer...
All right! Can I be one, too? An Ace Trainer...
Everything she knows about Pokémon she learned from me. It's not fair. Why is she an Ace Trainer when I'm not?
Talking...is not...my thing. Let's just battle.
Talking is not my thing, and the battle's over, so I'm going home.
Talking is not my thing. Neither is losing. I'm going home.
My Fairy says to take you out!
My Fairy told me to do it! It's all my Fairy's fault!
My Fairy says that you're crazy dangerous!
If there are still dreams in your heart, then I am still a Fairy Tale Girl.
I've decided to ignore reality. I'm a Fairy Tale Girl, after all.
Quit talking about my age.
Hey! Who you starin' at! You want to scrap? Keep it up and you'll have one.
Whoa... I'm totally on edge... If that had gone on any longer, I would've cried!
Waahhh! You're scary! Stop picking on me!
I know your face. You think you can battle like that?
Does your face still look like that? You won't be doing any winning like that.
No! I'm steaming mad! How could I lose to someone with a face like that?!
In accordance with the rules of unsportsmanship, my pledge is to play dirty and battle unfairly!
I battled my way through unfairly and dirtily! Thank you all so very much!
I'm disappointed! I'm disappointed in myself! I tried to play as dirty as I could!
I chose the path of the Punk Girl. Not being popular is getting to me, though...
Maybe it's bad that I never give halfway strong guys a chance...
Fine... Maybe I'll change my tune from Punk Girl to surfer girl. Now, look out!
I've never done anything wrong in my whole life. Why do you judge me based on my looks?
This outfit is a hand-me-down from my mother that she wore when she was young.
You're awful... Everyone is awful... Why won't people judge me by what's inside?
Hmmph... What's so great about Trainers? You don't battle yourself, but you sure do talk big.
Next time, I wanna battle person versus person, You're just a kid, though, so I'll let you off the hook.
I came here to crush impudent Trainers.
You want to battle with mois? You're gonna be rust in my frying pan!
Did you think you could defeat mois? You're softer than a bag of marshmallows!
How could it have turned out like this? Where did my seasoning go wrong?!
As a result of throwing Poké Balls, we are well trained in how to handle pans.
The only thoughts in my brain are culinary thoughts.
I've been inspired by our battle! I've suddenly thought of a new dish!
"Zere eez no accounting for taste." Zis saying—do you know eet?
Ze bitterness and ze sourness, zey are also ze important parts of ze flavor, no?
You understand zese words I say to you in ze battle, no?
I just got into a fight with my boss. He made me mad, so now I'm slackin' off!
Oh, this is so irritating! Why don't you understand me?
I'm doing this for my boss's sake. What do you think I am?
I'm tired of serving my boss. You there! Serve me now!
All right! From now on I'm your boss.
Serving people is tough. You can't choose your boss, so it's stressful.
Despite my appearance, I was an Ace Trainer until recently.
Past a certain age, it's time to hang up on being an Ace Trainer and move on.
Ace Trainers past a certain age have all changed their careers.
Oof... My body is weary from doing so much housework, so I'm looking forward to this.
You can't lose yet! You have to entertain me more!
Unnh... Not yet... I can still keep going...
Being a Maid is just a part-time gig. I'm really a Battle Girl!
Oh no... I'm glad I won the battle, but I tore my uniform!
The pay from my part-time job is good, so that's why I'm able to battle like this.
This isn't some kind of cosplay! This is just my style.
Just wearing the fashions that I like gets me excited!
Whoa, that was a close one. I almost got my clothes dirty.
I say it's art, but really I just want to make easy money.
I can have lazy battles like this, but I can't hold down a square job.
My way of doing things is to put ridiculous prices on my shoddy paintings.
Aha, your confidence shows. You must have good Pokémon.
Your overconfidence is your weakness. Wasn't that an unexpected result for you?
I get it. You have nothing but good Pokémon.
My 88 years of living have led me to this conclusion: Victory shall be my only art!
And so I have produced another great work!
Give me back those 88 years! Give me back my art!
I come here when I'm low in inspiration, hoping to find ideas for new creations.
Your disappointed face pleases me. It stirs my creative impulses...
Your triumphant face pleases me. It stirs my creative impulses...
Before we waste our time on idle chat, please show me your skills.
Umm-hmmm... Thanks. If that's all you got, then never mind.
What excellent Pokémon you have! Please become my model!
I like how you look. I could paint your portrait.
Oh! What a great expression you're showing! Being crushed by defeat makes you more worth painting!
That battle itself was art, but can't you make more out of your winning pose?
Well, I'm going to do things my way, so feel free to battle however you like.
In the end, you have to go at your own pace. You can't help but be influenced by others.
There's something nice and comfortable about the pace you and your Pokémon keep to.
I'm what you call a professional punching bag. I work here to earn a living.
I tried to lose on purpose to make you feel good... This is no good. I'm definitely getting fired for this...
I'm a professional punching bag, so all that matters is that you're pleased with your victory.
I'm happy that I'm able to work here. This is truly the job that I was born to do.
Oh no... I won... They're gonna cut my pay...
My job is to let people win. It's all right. No problems here.
You're acting pretty brave for a half-pint! You may have bitten off more than you can chew!
That wasn't a bad attempt, but I warned you I'd be tough!
Guess I've started to soften up. Hey, can't expect to stay on top of my game forever.
My parents said they're too dangerous, so I made my own Roller Skates.
They're really popular now, so everyone will shun me if I don't at least look like I'm wearing Roller Skates.
They're just for show, so the wheels don't turn. I run really fast to make it seem like I'm rolling.
Honestly, these are inconvenient and hard to walk in. Roller Skates are not suited for getting around.
Always slipping around is annoying! I'm ready to graduate from Roller Skates!
There are only so many places you can skate, anyway. Honestly, they're not useful for getting around.
I'm being marketed as an idol who can sing, dance, and skate, but it's just no good.
When I stop and think about it, being dressed like this all the time makes me more of a comedian than an idol.
I can sing, dance, and skate. Now I'll try to become an idol who can battle, too.
My strategy is to deceive my opponents with my speed.
Ahaha... How was it? I bet that made you dizzy.
How could you be quicker than me? What are you wearing?
I just finished my introductory training. Please battle me!
The content of my training was good. I have to thank my teacher for this!
I made notes of all the things I need to watch out for. I'll take preventive measures before my next battle!
My Pokémon and I are fully prepared! Bring it on, Trainer!
Yes! Battling when in one's best condition is one of the basics of being a Trainer!
I was so well prepared, though... Could it be that my skills are lacking?
Wow...wow... Am I wrong, or are you the Champion?
I just beat the Champion even though I don't even have one Gym Badge...
Haha! I expected no less from the Champion! I am deeply grateful to have been your opponent!
I may still be wet behind the ears, but I aim to be a Veteran someday!
Soon I'll be strong and respected enough that everyone will kneel before me!
I think this result is an investment in my future.
I intend to continue calling myself a Beauty for as long as I can.
After a battle, you have to care for your skin within seconds! You have to be careful, too!
To be called a Beauty forever... That is my mission in life...
My friends and I are part of an event where we try to escape from here!
Huh? Did I win? Then we can't escape!
All right! Now I can make my escape!
I'm a Gardener, but I'm good at Pokémon battles, too.
I'm a Gardener, but maybe I'll try to become the Champion.
I'm a Gardener, so my real job is gardening.
The weather's too awful for me to work! I'm just amusing myself here.
Whoa! I'm in a Sunny Day kind of mood!!
If only my Ability were Rain Dish...
The secret ingredient in my cooking will be your tears!
Ahaha! Cry! That's it, cry for me! With that, this dish is complete!
Uhhn... It's getting cold... I was almost finished cooking...
Hey there, Trainer! Do you think I'm a grown-up?
Tee hee... I won because I'm a grown-up!
Tee hee! My mom did my makeup! I'm actually only seven years old!
Grip and rip, baby! I'm going to keep shooting even if I use up all my film!
Grip and rip, baby! I'm going to keep shooting even if I'm using up all my film!
I really feel like I'm traveling every time the shutter snaps!
I was a fool to think that I would find sweet romance at my destination.
All the other people on this tour are old. There's no way I'll find anyone.
There's no romance or anything else for me in a country where I don't speak the language.
They say that battling local Trainers is part of what makes traveling memorable.
I made some wonderful memories. Thank you very much, local boygirl.
I didn't need to make any memories like this, local boygirl.
I put up with a long, long, long, long, long, long, long flight to get here...
I'm sleepy... So sleepy...
I'm sleepy all the time because of jet lag. I don't have the energy for sightseeing...
My husband has no idea, but a long time ago, I used to be a Punk Girl!
My ex-boyfriend gave me all my Pokémon. I'd feel bad if I let them go after all this time.
I like my husband for not prying into my past, trying to find out what I used to be like.
Woo-hoo! I'm looking forward to this! I've always dreamed of battling here!
Marvelous! Fantastic! This feels like a dream! This is paradise for Trainers!
I don't want to go home! I want to stay here forever! I want to live here for the rest of my life!
The secret to my Pokémon's strength is their specially blended food.
How about that? Strong, huh? What you eat is important!
How could that happen to my Pokémon... What are you feeding your Pokémon?
How much time do you spend raising each Pokémon?
I give each one two full days of cherishing, and then it's on to the next!
You've raised your Pokémon well. Are you a passionate Trainer, or do you have a lot of free time on your hands?
When you're tired of training Pokémon, it's time to battle! That's the trick to working as a Breeder!
I'm so talented that I can win just to change my mood.
If I lose, that tells you I was just killing time. It doesn't damage my ego at all.
I've become so absorbed in Pokémon battles that I've started to worry about myself.
When I win a battle, my mind goes blank. It's really worrying.
It was fun even though I lost, but it worries me that I'm not disappointed at all.
Maintaining one's composure no matter the situation is what being a Trainer is all about.
Even in victory, it is auspicious to remain nonchalant, humble, and subdued.
Even in defeat, my heart operates normally without rotting or becoming sad.
My treasured Pokémon and I have been together for a long time. No need to go easy on us.
Hohoho... Is this what they call the wisdom of age?
What an inconsiderate act—beating up on an old man and his Pokémon!
My husband passed before me, so I'm finally free to live the life I want!
When I got older I realized how lovely it is to be alone.
Now if only my son would get himself together, then I'd really be free!
I don't care for children. They're noisy and selfish.
I feel so satisfied when I defeat a child! It feels like I've regained my own youth!
If you think people will go easy on you because you're a child, you're in for a painful lesson.
The only people who can pull off furisode are flashy girls and old ladies, right?
You had better think about your age when picking out clothes, right?
Don't you think old ladies look super cute in furisode?
If you're wondering why I'm dressed like this, isn't it obvious it's for my part-time job?
Our uniforms are furisode, so I get embarrassed when I have to go outside to pick something up.
I think furisode are cute, but they're a bit much for everyday wear.
Hey! It's me. It's me! The Owner of the world!
How's that? Owned, sucka!
Pffft! I wasn't seriously trying or anything! Next time I'll show you some real ownage!
My Pokémon are all extremely rare ones that I acquired on the black market.
See... Look at this glossy coat. I'm slobbering in spite of myself.
You and your Pokémon are nice. Trade Pokémon with me!
My research was supposed to lead the world to peace...
I am a genius. I was supposed to take control of the world...
My experiment failed, so I'm finished in the academic world.
In my pursuit of success, I became lonely beyond all imagining...
The loneliness of genius... There's no way you could possibly comprehend it.
Those with overwhelming abilities can welcome loneliness at times.
I want to experiment! Experiment, I say! My hands are shaking because I want to experiment so badly!
Beakers... Petri dishes... Pipettes... Electron microscope...
Huh huh huh... Somebody let me experiment...
If you follow a fixed set of rules, you can get a definite result.
This result was inevitable. Victory is simply derived.
Th-this isn't beyond the anticipated results! This is still a predictable result!
You don't want to hear about Pokémon from people who know nothing about Pokémon, do you?
You haven't studied enough, but you have potential. I could train you, if you'd like...
Just because you know a lot about battles, it doesn't mean that you know anything about Pokémon!
I've researched on top of research... At last I have derived the answer...
It's that I am a very strong Trainer!
It's that I am a very weak Trainer...
Look into my eyes. That's it. Breathe deeply as I count one, two, three...
Now you're under my spell. You're like a puppet under my command.
My hypnotic powers don't work on you?! What mental fortitude you must possess!
I let it slip that I'm a greenhorn right before the battle.
You're not well enough prepared yet.
Because I'm a greenhorn, I'm not worth mentioning.
I shall make a prophecy... This battle... You will emerge victorious...
You... Are you so weak as to reverse my prophecy?
I'm disappointed, but it can't be helped... My prophecies are absolute...
I grow stronger with each tear I cry.
Don't get hung up on sadness or frustration. You can use your grudges to motivate yourself.
Now I can get even stronger. I grow with every grudge.
Heh... Welcome back... I haven't forgotten your face...
You! Why did you lose? Again? You're trying to fool me again, aren't you?!
Eh...radio waves... There are radio waves coming from your nose...
Kind people are really scary... Why do they have to come so close to me?
Kind people are scary... Their smiling faces and boisterousness are scary...
I just want to be left alone. Dealing with people is such a bother...
Oh, I see. Would you like to be cut to pieces? Or do you prefer the role of punching bag?
You didn't decide quickly enough, so you got a little from column A and a little from column B.
Hmmm... If I was going to lose anyway, I was hoping to get totally messed up in the process.
The sweat that drips before a battle... Don't you love how cool it is?
Being tired from battle with disheveled clothing... It's cool! Isn't it actually the coolest?
At the end of a battle, out of breath... How cool is it? Totally!
Yo!
Yo! Yo! Yo!
Yo!
The adrenaline is pumping in my team! Me, too! I'll make this an awesome battle!
How about it? We're awesome, right? You were able to explode, weren't you?
I did what I came to do, and this is how it turned out. There's nothing else to say.
"Go easy on me" is not in my vocabulary.
To me, etiquette is mercilessly defeating my opponents in battle—even the weak.
Even if I give it my all, it's meaningless when I lose.
Let's have a fun battle! No hard feelings, no matter if we win or lose! ♪
Don't look so down! ♪ I just happened to get lucky! ♪
Heh...
Pokémon battle is not a sport or a hobby. Get out of here if all you want is to play!
Reflect long and hard on what "serious" means.
You didn't take it easy on me at all... That was good. You're a risk taker.
When I'm living without nature in my life, sometimes I'll suddenly feel an anxiety attack coming on.
I'm sure how you feel is not so bad if you compare it to my anxiety attacks...
Something like this is pretty trivial compared to the stifling feelings of city life.
Despite my appearance, I was born a country boy. So I yearned for city life.
You don't go visit your hometown, do you? City life must be nice.
I was born and raised in the country, so the neon lights of the city may be too bright for me.
I'm a nature person, so I was born to be a Ranger!
Being surrounded by nature seems good for your health and your looks, doesn't it?
I'm a marvel of nature!
I'm prepared to protect nature by any means necessary!
Everything has its origin in nature! Everyone should revere it!
Are you listening? Remember this... Never underestimate the power of nature...
You look kind of feeble. How about I put you through the wringer?
Ahaha! Not yet! I'm not done yet!
You did it! Next time, you'll put me through the wringer, huh?
Your Pokémon... Show them to me...
All within my expectations... Nothing to be surprised about...
Yes... You have good Pokémon... Pokémon must be happy to be raised by you...
To challenge me you must be a reckless, fearless person who doesn't know hiser place!
Hmmph... To challenge me must mean that even ignorance has its limit!
You're a smart Trainer, considering you don't know very much.
Even if people call you an Ace Trainer, it's not like you get anything special for it.
I'm just good at battling. I don't even have a job. I'm just another unemployed guy.
In the end, being good at battling alone isn't enough, no matter how strong you are.
Because I'm an Ace Trainer, people think I'm a strong woman.
I thought I'd grow up to be a frail woman who looked like she'd break if you squeezed her too hard.
You have to be strong inside when there aren't many people who are stronger than you on the outside...
There's nothing to do but battle... For us...
This result... is not what I'd hoped for...
I wonder if we could have been friends if we had met in a world with no battles...
Are you aware of what it takes to be an Ace Trainer?
Of course I'm strong and don't lose. It's important that I win gracefully.
You can't become an Ace Trainer battling like that.
Huh? Huh? A battle? Time to go all out!
Terrible! You're extremely unprepared! Come back when you've learned how to throw a Poké Ball!
Oh! You did pretty well, didn't you? You're better than I thought!
Hey now, you're pretty much in a daze... Of course, I am pretty hunky...
I know, I know, you can't help but be fascinated by such a pinnacle of hunkiness.
Even when I lose, I'm still pretty hunky... I'm just that photogenic.
All right then, throw your Poké Ball! I'll catch it right away!
Catching Poké Balls before they open is a surefire way to win that I devised.
Huh... If only I had been able to catch that Poké Ball that time...
I'm, umm, teaching my daughter, umm, about Pokémon. I have to, umm, show her her dad's, umm, dignity.
Umm, is my daughter watching? I did it! Daddy did it!
I, umm, can't let my daughter, umm, see this. She can't see her dad, umm, lose.
Before I knew it, I was being treated like a senior citizen. Time goes by too quickly...
It only makes me angry when people compliment me by saying I'm a Veteran. Don't you get it?
It's too late to tell time to stop. I'm glad I enjoyed myself when I was young.
Oh... Trainer... Isn't it time...for a battle?
Oh... Trainer... Isn't it time...for a battle?
Oh... Trainer... Isn't it time...for a battle?
Adults are pretty unfair, but that's what makes it fun.
If you hurry up and grow up, you can have more fun, too.
Humph... Look at how you look! At your age, you should respect the rules.
Maybe it's because they respect me, but everyone calls me a Veteran.
Veteran... Makes it sound like I'm finished, for some reason.
I'm not grown up enough to be happy about being called a Veteran...
Saying I'm a free spirit sounds good, but really I'm just an unemployed homeless guy!
If I can just live here and play all day, I'll never need to struggle.
Dreaming about being free is the best part...
The clear blue water at the beach! All the bikinis! That's the kind of place I was hoping to get to!
What makes this place a resort? There's nothing but serious Trainers here!
This isn't a resort—it's like torture! There are battles everywhere you go!
I don't think you can say you've been on a trip unless you've interacted with the locals.
This is it... I'm fully enjoying this trip.
If you want to make tourists spend money, provide them with a service.
Shall we go together? To the other side of Pokémon battles...
Not yet. We have not crossed the finish line of Pokémon battles.
You might make it there before me. To the other side of Pokémon Battles...
If my theory is correct, you'll lose with the Pokémon you're about to send out.
I knew it... My theory was correct.
I should know that a theory is just a theory. It was of no use in an actual battle...
I'm going to save up my allowance, and then someday I'll take a trip around the world.
I feel like the world is waiting for me... You know how I feel, right?
Whenever I say the world is calling me, my mom gets angry and says, "No, it isn't! Get to work!"
If you're willing to battle with me, you must have something pretty good, right?
Did you think I would be satisfied with such tiny Pokémon?
You and your Pokémon are nice! You're doing great for your age!
I work at a restaurant where people come on dates a lot, so it's really stressful.
Oh, I feel refreshed! There's nothing like a good battle to perk you up!
Customers who don't even order anything and just sit there flirting are really, like, totally the worst.
Time for a battle haiku! This is really good. My opponent is a kid. I will win for sure.
Time for a battle haiku! I knew I would win. Yes, my Pokémon and I are really this strong.
Time for a battle haiku! I can't believe it. I can still continue on. I can still battle.
If you want to reach the peak as a Trainer, you'll have to climb over me!
Even if you run into me disastrously, there's no rescue team on its way!
Go! You've gotta go! Go on and leave me!
It's merely a Pokémon battle, right? Why so serious?
So what if you lose? It's not like there's any money in winning.
It's not like you really lose anything when you lose. As long as you enjoy it, that's enough.
I don't believe in things like good luck charms, but times like these make me want to pray!
My view is that whether or not your prayers get answered all depends on your own talents!
Maybe I lose because I'm paying more attention to praying than to battling.
I was born in a graveyard and raised in a cemetery. Leave all your curses and grudges to me!
Terrible! You aren't holding enough grudges! If you want to win, put more into your curses!
Defeating me is amazing! You must be kinda cursed, too!
I get stronger by dwelling on the past. That's the way I've lived my life, after all.
Think positive even when you lose? Sounds to me like refusing to admit your mistakes.
Call me negative or whatever you like. This is just who I am.
Awful! That was an awful performance! I refuse to accept a battle ending like this!
What are you doing? You made that worthless! Totally worthless!
Hey, that's why I'm saying this. How could I end up like this?
Hey, kid! Are you scared of me? If you're scared, say you're scared.
Har har har! You were scared of me! My new look is a big success!
Well, I'm a hooligan. If you ain't scared of me, I ain't doin' it right!
I may be bad, but I got nothin' but love for my Pokémon.
I have to spoil my Pokémon to say thanks for winning.
What do you think you're doing to my adorable Pokémon?
My parents are, like, stupidly obsessed with me, so I've grown up to be magnificently stupid.
My parents totally spoil me when I win, so I get pretty full of myself. I mean, wouldn't you?
My parents are totally there for me when I lose, so why bother thinking about what I could've done better?
I've been thinking about opening up a traditional restaurant around here someday.
It takes money to open your own restaurant. That's why I do all these little part-time jobs.
Doesn't a traditional restaurant sound groovy? I can almost hear the quiet murmur of voices...
I may be a Chef, but I have no interest in my own dishes.
I've got no time at all for expensive dishes. Food from the corner store is really good.
You lose interest in whatever you do for a living, don't you?
I am a Butler no more! I'm now just another unemployed old geezer!
If I had known it was going to turn out like this, I wouldn't have run away from the mansion!
Where can I find a new boss? Somebody please hire me!
Working as a Butler is so fun. Even more so if you like gossip!
See this smile? It comes from knowing my employers' secrets.
Being a Butler is fun because you can see a side of people that they hide from everyone.
My employer is watching our battle! Would you please be so kind as to lose to me?
Thank you so much for losing! My employer is sitting over there smiling!
My employer looks angry... I'm in for a reprimand when we get home.
I may be a Maid, but that doesn't mean that I can serve just anybody.
I could never serve you. You're too weak for me to even consider it.
I could see myself serving you. You're quite skilled, and therefore acceptable.
To live life without a moment's pause! Let's enjoy the moment to the full!
You're always short on time during battle. Just like life!
Go forth! Pay no heed to losers! Go, go, and live your life!
Grabbing a Poké Ball for a battle you know you can't win is called being a Trainer.
I am overcome by the reverberations of victory. A toast to our companions in their Poké Balls!
With the tears that pour onto my palette, I shall paint the self-portrait of a loser.
If you describe it as art, you can fool people into spending money on some little brat's scribbles.
People shouldn't trust their eyes to judge things.
Can you trust your own eyes? Do you know what's important to you?
Just walking around town irritates me. It's nothing but ugly buildings and low-class billboards.
I think it's a crime for someone with no taste to make a work for public display.
I want to paint over every bit of the scenery in this ugly town!
Thanks for coming all this way! I'm sorry I don't have much to offer, but do make yourself comfortable.
Leaving already? I had just made some tea, though.
Sorry I couldn't be more accommodating. Have a safe trip home.
I battled too much, threw too many Poké Balls, and blew my shoulder out.
I may have won this time, but I wonder how many more times I'll be able to throw a Poké Ball...
Doing too much of anything will wreck your body. Everything in moderation, OK?
My old lady done left me... I reckon it's all my fault...
Now there ain't nobody buggin' me about stuff, so's I can battle as much as I want!
I got too hooked on Pokémon battles, so's I never did nothin' around the house.
It's no fun if you're not ready to treat it like you're playing instead of battling.
This is still just playing. Just playing. You have to feel as comfortable as that.
Not throwing a tantrum when you lose is part of being a Trainer, right?
I may not get a runner's high, but I get a Roller Skater's rush, so I'm always all smiles!
Hahaha... It just feels so good... I want to keep on skating like this forever...
Battles make you feel good, too. Maybe that's also the work of endorphins.
The problem is knowing whether to put your full force into the starting dash or the last spurt of effort.
Aww... If only you could have saved some strength for the last spurt of effort...
All right! The starting dash decided our battle!
I'm really cheap by nature, so I'm not cut out to be a Roller Skater.
Roller Skates are expensive, and then you have to deal with the maintenance. It's tough.
If you skate too much, the wheels get worn out. It's such a waste.
I'm gonna dive right into your heart! If you don't catch me, I won't forgive you!
You can't catch me with a feeble set of muscles like that!
I told you to catch me, didn't I? You threw me back! Why did you throw me back?!
You had better learn that not everybody gets to be the star of the show.
It took a while before I learned my place.
Keep your capabilities in mind as you go on your way.
Hnnph... You're just some brat... What do you think I am?!
You did better than I thought. You've got quite a bit of potential.
No way... Maybe I was taking you too lightly.
This is battle paradise. Only the strong survive here...
As long as there are Trainers, the banquet will continue for all eternity.
Once you've made it this far, victory and defeat become meaningless.
My life hasn't been a bed of roses— not exactly overflowing with opportunities.
Life is just a series of happenings, one after the next. Can you keep up?
Even if you lack hopes or dreams, as long as you survive, you'll become a Veteran someday.
As long as it tastes good, that's enough. Don't sweat the details.
In cooking and battling, just go for it and don't sweat the small stuff.
You got the details right in that battle... Do you even save time to eat?
I'm in the middle of eating, but would you be so kind as to let me have a look at your Pokémon? Slurp, slurp...
Slurp... This is so tasty... Bring them closer so I can get a good look. Slurp, slurp.
Have you got any more to show me? Slurp, slurp. Don't worry. I won't splash soup on them! Sluuu-uurp!
I do not accept any Pokémon that I do not like.
The only factor in whether or not I like a Pokémon is its strength.
Indeed, you and your Pokémon have strength to spare. I like you.
I'm begging you for a distraction. Show me so much strength that I feel like I must be going crazy.
You can't erase your bad memories. But what you can do is act crazy to fool everybody.
Ah... Ah... Thank you... That was what I needed.
I'm sick and tired of being called a Beauty.
When people call me a Beauty, they don't realize how much pressure that puts on me.
You have to make a lot of sacrifices to be a Beauty. I'm done with that effort. Moving on!
Come on, let's get on with it already! I can't stand it when it's not popping!
Regrets from the past, worries about the future— forget all that! All that matters is the here and now!
I want to get to the point where I can feel good about the way I live my life.
Pardon me, but may I ask to use your facilities?
In this part of the world, do you sic your Pokémon on someone asking a simple question?
No, really! Point me in the right direction while there's still time!
What? This isn't a battle appreciation tour, but a battle participation tour?!
I wouldn't have come if I had known it was going to be this kind of tour! Give me my money back!
I paid all that money to battle? What weirdo would want to do that?
This was supposed to be a one-night stop. But before I knew it, we started staying in one place after the next.
By the time I realized what was happening, I was lounging on a hotel bed. I know it's wrong, but I can't stop.
There's no way this is good for my bank account. I know it's wrong, but the comfort is irresistible!
My trip isn't over yet! I'll keep on traveling!
If I defeat my opponent, my tour won't come to an end...
I don't want to go home! I want to keep traveling!
If you believe you can win, you should be able to. If you think you'll lose, you probably will.
This might be useful for you to learn. Your preconceived notions are more powerful than you think.
No matter how mentally prepared you are, weak Trainers are weak! Hahaha!
I smell a person of exceptional courage. Ho! I'm looking forward to this!
Ugh! You're not what I was hoping for! You and your Pokémon have some growing up to do.
Ha! That was just the power I was hoping for! We're similar—no, just the same, you and I!
I have a special method that I use to nurture my Pokémon.
My nurturing methods are perfect! I could beat the Champion with ease, I bet!
Why did it turn out like this? Didn't my Pokémon like the feed I was using?!
As a top Breeder, I'll be using Pokémon with a certified pedigree.
The pedigree and upbringing of my Pokémon are totally different than some mutt's!
Unngh. What disappointment... I can't allow myself to lose to mutts.
You can't win just by pretending to be a Trainer! Have a look at my true self!
Argh! Arrgh!
Ugh! Ug-ugh!
"Eyes! Aim for the eyes!" Those were my big brother's last words...
My big brother was right... Watch over me, bro...
My bad... Bro... I should've listened to my bro...
In the end, this world is all about money. Even these Pokémon...
I used my money to acquire my Pokémon. This is the power of being an adult.
If you understand the meaning of what I'm saying, then why are you here?
Ah! Flowers and storms will be overcome! ♪ As I travel down the path of a battling woman! ♪
Oh! I've got myself a win! ♪ Walk on, down the path of a battling woman! ♪
Losing, crumbling, weeping! ♪ The path of a traveling woman is closing! ♪
Throwing Poké Balls to while away your tedious hours can make you stronger.
Now that the battle's over, I will again be afflicted by the same old tedium.
I don't care if I win or lose, as long as I can escape from this tedium.
For reals? Like, a battle for reals? Whoa, crazy! Like, too crazy!
For reals? Did I, like, win for reals?! Whoa, crazy! Like, I'm too strong!
Whoa, for reals? Did I, like, lose for reals?! Whoa, life. Like, life is woe.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Hi, how are you? I'm Nita! Oh, how I've missed you, Champion! The strongest Trainer in all of Hoenn, is it then? At last I can go all out! So let's get cracking on it! Prepare yourself!
Eh, that was a savage battle, Champion! So what do you think of a serious Nita now? Quite the change? I hardly know myself! I know some folks think I'm a bit of a layabout, but I'm one to relish a real challenge. That reminds me! We've got a Battle Maison in Kalos as well. Come see us there, too! The Battle Maison and Nita will always be here and waiting for your visit, lovie! I'll even wet the tea, so come on by soon!
Wahey! That was great fun! You are a strong one, Champion! It's been a while since someone bested me when I was trying my utmost to win! I can hardly wait for the next battle between us, you bold thing! The Battle Maison and Nita will always be here and waiting for your visit! You'd better come again—and no guff!
Uh-um... Do...do you remember me? You don't...do you... Of course... I-I'm Evelyn... U-um... You truly are the Hoenn Champion, aren't you, dear guest? Ah... I don't want to fight... You look too scary... I want to go home... O-oh! I'm so sorry! My sister would go spare if she were to hear me saying such things now! L-let's just have the battle, shall we? I'll do my best! Honest, I really will! You can just fight however you'd like!
A-a-ahhhh no! A-are you all right?! Oh no... What do I do... I must have lost me mind... Ughhh... I'm s-so sorry... I promise I'll do it right next time... So please...please come challenge me to a Double Battle again...
Hah... Hah... You're so strong... And so scary... I can't take any more... Um... Dear guest... I'm s-so sorry... I...I tried as hard I could, but... I'm so knackered... I'll keep trying harder, so...please... You must challenge me to a Double Battle again...
Hee hee hee... I've been waiting for you, I have, Champion. Me Pokémon and I are burning up to face you... Let's get on with it, then!
Hehehe! What are you gawking at now? The savage mess you made o' the battle? Ha! I'm not havin' a dig at you—it's just great fun to battle hard after holdin' back! But I can tell you could be stronger yet! Come back when you've upped your game, eh? Oh, and one last thing, pet... Don't go tellin' me big sister that I'm doing whatever I please here at home in Hoenn, will you, lovey? Th-that sister of mine... When she tears into a person... Well, n-never mind. Just come back again, ye great lump! I'll be waiting for Triple Battles!
Whisht! To think I'd lose again! I wasn't holding back in the slightest! Don't I look a right fool for underestimating the power of the Champion? But...ehh... Hehehe... It was really good fun, wasn't it? I've devoted me whole life to battling, and now at last I've got a purpose. I'm going to keep getting stronger... Then I'll surely beat you! So until I do, you'd better not lose now!
If you're free for a time, come on by. ♪ If you're bored for a while, stop on in. ♪ Battle till you burst, oh, won't you try? ♪ For a good battle, the Battle Maison Replica's just fine. ♪ You're not bad, guest. You're really not. Sure, to keep coming to see me like this. I'm the eldest of us four Battle Chatelaine sisters, Morgan. And I'm delighted and excited! I have been counting down the days till I might get to face you again like this, sure. Let's get started with the battle at once, and mind yourself that you don't lose! I tell you, I may not be a top-class Trainer... But I put everything I am into treating you to the loveliest battle you've ever had!
Thank you for the battle, love! Did you have a bit of fun yourself? I tell ya, did you know that we've got a Battle Maison like this one here in Hoenn over in Kalos as well? Me sisters and I would be more than happy to entertain you there, too! Please do give us a visit. I'll be taking me leave now, but I do look forward to your next visit, pet!
Just the outcome I would expect... Honestly, I'm not telling fibs! You really are the Trainer I thought you were, aren't you now, pet? Heh heh... Might I ask something? Would you consider becoming the owner here? Me sisters and I have to be returning to our Battle Maison in Kalos someday. I suppose we'd feel safe trusting you with the Battle Maison name. There would also be the matter of our plans to build an even more impressive battle facility in the area. If we get our ducks in a row now, we may make oodles when we leave here. No more talk about it now, but do consider the idea, won't you, pet? Well then, I wait eagerly for our next battle and for your favorable reply!
Hi, how are you! It's Nita's turn! Welcome to the Battle Maison Replica! I'll be doing Multi Battles myself with my eldest sis, Morgan, today! Oh, but you two don't look all that fierce strong anyway, do you now. I don't doubt I could take you both on alone and do a handy job of it, too. Well, let's get cracking!
Nita: Th...thank goodness... Thank goodness I could win... If I lost to the two of ye now... My sister would've... She'd've... Aye, I would've had to leg it...
Nita: No, no, no! How could I— This is terrible altogether! How could you do this to me, you wee, rotten Trainers?! Do ye not even know what Morgan'll do to me now?!
Now, Nita? Did you honestly think I'd ever let you get away with saying such things? Our guests don't look strong, is it? You could beat them both, is it? You go throwing shapes like that, you had better be ready to leg it! And aren't I always warning you about the way you speak to guests? Is your head cut, girl! Have you not a shred of scruple in your body? If you lose now, you'll never hear the end of it!
Morgan: Well, Nita. Lucky for you, your opponent was having a rough day, so you were able to walk away the winner. I'll do you a favor this one time only. But you had better remember what I'm telling you. Understand? You're too old to be so bold. If you greet guests with that kind o' cheek, it may be bad for business. Now, my dear guests... I hope you'll hear my apology and allow me to beg forgiveness for my sister's rude words. I do hope you'll see fit to return to our Battle Maison again someday.
Morgan: ... NITA! Oh, I'll do you, you little waster! First, you mouth off to our guests, with your boasting and insulting them so... And then you lose in battle despite it?! Do you even take this work seriously?! Could you ever face our dear ma and da, rest 'em, after such shocking behavior?! My dear guest... I am deeply sorry for this experience. I beg you will somehow overlook it and visit our Battle Maison Replica again. Now I must have a...discussion with my wee sister. You'll excuse us...
Welcome to the Battle Maison! I'm Dana, and I run things at this Battle Maison! I'm the second oldest of us Battle Chatelaine sisters! And here we have my partner...
Dana: ... Sorry. Me little sister didn't give you a fair shake in that battle... Dana! Well, are you listening then? Catching somebody off their guard like that is the height of cowardice, it is!
Dana: Nita! We only lost the battle because you went and started it without waiting for me to be ready! The key to any Multi Battle is being in perfect sync with your partner! Can you not get that through your thick skull, you moppet?!
Eh, you and your innocent act, Dana! Forget the show! Let's just get on with it. Is this to be a battle or not, eh? I'm always up for a challenge, and I'm ready to start right now! There! You're wide open! I'll take you down!
Nita: Ah, yer sister! Why should I? They're the ones at fault for being wide open! I swear, Dana, you'll drive me crackers with your rules and manners. Pokémon battles should be fought as we like, and who's to tell us otherwise? As long as it's good fun for everyone, where's the harm? I'll stake my life that you secretly agree with me. And I'd suppose these two feel the same. That was a grand battle altogether, and I hope we can do it again sometime!
Nita: What's the situation, then? I don't see why I need to care about that sort of thing! All a battle has to be is cracking good fun! Besides that, my real specialty is Single Battle and has been since year dot! Who cares a fig about being in sync? As for you two, I hope I'll see each of you in a Single Battle sometime!
What kind of Pokémon will you be battling with? Hurry up and show me already, would you?
Well, I lost the battle, but at least I got to see some amazing Pokémon. That's fine by me!
I sure hope you'll bring a bit more impressive Pokémon along for our next battle, OK?
Whoa! What kind of luck is this? How did I get stuck battling someone so strong off the bat?!
Argh! I've lost! I couldn't do a thing against you!
I...won? Hah hah! Take that! I'm pretty good myself, huh?
My Pokémon are my friends! Take this! It's the power of our friendship!
My friends tried their best, but we were still no competition for you and your team!
Did you see that?! That's the power of our friendship, all right!
I came here because I wanted to take part in a fiery Pokémon battle of passion!
That was exactly the kind of battle that I came here for! Thanks for showing me a good time!
Hmm. I really wanted to experience something more climactic than that. Guess that battle was a dud.
All right! Here I go! I'm going to battle you with the same old strategy I always use!
You have some amazing strategies yourself! I've learned a lot from this battle!
It went just as it always does! Hahaha! Looks like I win again!
I'd rather battle Pokémon than sleep! I'd even rather battle than eat! So come on already!
That's it! That's exactly the kind of battle I love! Yup, that's what battling you made me feel like.
Come on, pal! Do me a favor and bring some stronger Pokémon along next time, won't you?
You look like you could do some decent battling yourself! Hah, this is beginning to look promising!
That was a fantastic attack there! Let's battle one another again someday!
That was not a bad showing on your part. Come challenge me again someday, won't you?
Hahaha! Come battle against me, my Pokémon, and my blindingly beautiful smile!
Hmph... Well, your Pokémon was rather charming as well, wasn't it? Though not as much as me!
My charming Pokémon gave its all for that battle against you! And all for me!
Let's go all out, but fight fairly!
Thank you very much for battling me squarely!
It seems our side was just a little bit stronger.
Be shocked by the strength of my Pokémon! Tremble before us!
I was shocked by the strength of your Pokémon! I trembled before them!
You have learned the strength of my Pokémon! It's sunk right in!
I brought all kinds of Pokémon. ♪ Let's play a lot!
I lost—but thank you! It was so much fun!
I wanted to play more! It ended too soon!
My Pokémon are unbeatable! They won't lose!
Why?! My unbeatable Pokémon...
Amazing, aren't they? My unbeatable Pokémon!
I'll win the tournament with the Pokémon that I have worked so hard to get!
What? Why did this Pokémon lose?!
Yes! I knew it. This Pokémon really is the strongest!
If you get scared, it's OK to run. Don't push yourself. Just surrender!
Whoa! Please wait! You... You've got me.
Tee hee! I showed you the difference between your abilities and mine!
Hmm... I wonder what kind of strategy you're going to use.
I just couldn't read your attack at all...
Your strategies clearly need work!
I'll send you flying with my extraordinary attack!
Eek! You sent my Pokémon flying!
Hee hee! You won't beat me unless you train your Pokémon even harder!
My well-thought-out strategy is my biggest weapon!
What? You outsmarted me?! What a clever Trainer!
You fell for my tricks! This is how I battle!
Watch this! These are my best partner Pokémon!
Ha ha ha... There's always someone better...
Is that all you've got? You'll never be able to beat my partners like that!
My heart always races out of control before a Pokémon battle!
Thank you for making my heart pound so much!
There's nothing that lifts my heart like the sweet taste of victory!
I hope that my Pokémon battle with you will become a wonderful memory!
This bitter memory of defeat... I won't ever forget it!
This battle against you will be a memory that I'll treasure!
I'll show you what it takes to be a World Champion!
If you've managed to beat me, then that makes you the strongest Trainer in the world!
Now do you understand what it means to be the strongest in the world?
How about I show you the strength that won at the Pokémon World Championships?
If you beat me, that means that you're strong enough to win at the Pokémon World Championships!
Now do you understand the strength you'd face if you went to the Pokémon World Championships?
Even a Pokémon World Champion like me gets nervous before battles, you know!
What a strong opponent... This is what makes battling so much fun, though!
It looks like my careful battling strategies still won out in the end!
Even a Pokémon World Champion like me gets nervous before battles, you know!
What a strong opponent... This is what makes battling so much fun, though!
It looks like my careful battling strategies still won out in the end!
Watch out! I'm going to show you what a runner-up at the Pokémon World Championships can do!
To beat me, the second-strongest Trainer in the world... Wow!
Did you think that being number two in the world would make me a pushover? Think again!
Watch out! I'm going to show you what a runner-up at the Pokémon World Championships can do!
To beat me, the second-strongest Trainer in the world... Wow!
Did you think that being number two in the world would make me a pushover? Think again!
I'll take you on in battle, even though I am the number-two Pokémon Trainer in the whole world!
So there are still even stronger Trainers out in the wide world!
Did you get to feel it? The power of a second-place winner at the Pokémon World Championships?
I'll take you on in battle, even though I am the number-two Pokémon Trainer in the whole world!
So, there are still even stronger Trainers out in the wide world!
Did you get to feel it? The power of a second-place winner at the Pokémon World Championships?
You want to battle with me, the third-place winner from the Pokémon World Championships?
You've got the kind of strength that will take you wherever you want in the world!
That's right! I won't be defeated that easily!
You want to battle with me, the third-place winner from the Pokémon World Championships?
You've got the kind of strength that will take you wherever you want in the world!
That's right! I won't be defeated that easily!
Ever wanted to know how strong a third-place winner at the Pokémon World Championships is?
To lose in a battle where I was being serious! You're strong enough to face the world's best!
It looks like I came out on top—not just in luck, but in real strength, too!
Ever wanted to know how strong a third-place winner at the Pokémon World Championships is?
To lose in a battle where I was being serious! You're strong enough to face the world's best!
It looks like I came out on top—not just in luck, but in real strength, too!
Watch out, you young fool! I'll be your opponent today!
H-how could I lose... Ooohhh! It's just so frustrating!
Gwa-ha-ha-ha! You're about 10 years early if you think you can take me on!
OK, here we go! Let's battle!
Wow, you're really amazing! You must really love your Pokémon, right?
Pretty pretty please! Give me that victory!
I don't want to lose anymore! Never, ever again!
What is this?! Ahhhhh! I'm sorry, my Pokémon!
I'm over the moon!!!
This is a team made for winning! They say that honest effort will never betray you!
What... Is this for real?
I'm the one who's beaten everyone in the nation!
I don't really know what you want from me, but I just have to battle a bit, right?
There's, like, no way I could have won against such a strong opponent. That's crazy.
Huh? I won? What did I do? What happened? I don't get it. Can you explain?
I'm always serious and ready to go! I'm going to give it my all again today!
WHAT?! Are you serious?! I stayed up all night thinking of that strategy!
See! Everything went just as I expected it to! My calculations were flawless!
C'mon! C'mon! Faster! Let's go! My Pokémon are chomping at the bit!
What a world! You're amazing! Be my friend, why don't you?
I get to fight everyone in the world! I love it! This is what living's for, pal!
The word that can unite people around the world... That word is "Pokémon"!
Battles all come down to the luck of a moment! You're amazing for having that luck on your side!
You've got to smile whether you win or lose! That's what it means to be with Pokémon!
It doesn't matter who your opponent is. All you need is the appropriate method, and you will win.
Even with the ideal method, I could not win... Your team is nothing short of amazing.
In any pursuit in life, you must fix your eyes on your desired outcome and proceed accordingly.
Aha! Even halfhearted moves are enough to befuddle an opponent!
Aha! A truly strong opponent will not be led astray by such moves!
Aha! You seem to have confused yourself in your effort to befuddle your opponent.
These competitions are like a wild party, right? You never know what will come at you!
Your battling style is not bad! Your Pokémon seemed to have fun, too!
I was just having a good time, but I accidentally went and won. Sorry about that!
What I want is the glory of victory! I'm going to wrest myself some glory with all my might!
I'm frustrated with all my might! I'm not going to forget you!
It was what I wanted with all my might! That's why I could seize victory for myself!
I only use the coolest moves! 'Cause I want to win while looking cool!
I guess that just plain winning is cooler than even the coolest moves...
Any moves will look cool when we're the ones using them! Hah!
Every meeting in life is precious; every encounter to be cherished. Let's make our Pokémon happy!
I must use this defeat as fuel for my improvement and grow stronger. Let's meet again!
Win or lose, each battle is a unique experience that only comes once in life. I'm glad we got to battle.
