This... This is...
How awful...
... I... I only wanted...
I wanted to make...a world where Pokémon could live on...in peace... Where...that...Pokémon...
Archie...
Is this... Is this the power of the super-ancient Pokémon? Is this what Kyogre's power truly is? Is this how you return everything to its beginning?
The balance in this world is faltering. At this rate, it may be lost forever.
You... We will make our way to Sootopolis. It is most likely the case that Kyogre is also making its way to that city.
In the deepest reaches of the Cave of Origin, which lies in the heart of Sootopolis City...
That is where Kyogre will find the energy it needs to reclaim its primal form.
I expect Kyogre will go to that place in search of even greater power. We must follow it to the Cave of Origin and do whatever it takes! There's nothing else we can do!
Archie. You and your team of fools will accompany us.
We have brought this calamity upon ourselves. It is only right that we take responsibility and clean up after our mistakes.
Ugh!
Let's go, Archie!
...
This... This is not...
What...
... I... I wanted... I wanted to make...
It was supposed to be a world where the human race would attain new heights... The next stage...of our development... It was all...for humanity's future...
Boss... Maxie...
So this...is the power of the super-ancient Pokémon... This is how Groudon brings everything to an end...
All of us, people and Pokémon... Every living thing on this planet... Everything's gonna die...
OK, little scamp... We're setting sail for Sootopolis. That blasted Groudon is no doubt gonna get there ahead of us.
It'll be waiting for us deep in the Cave of Origin, there in Sootopolis...
There's a pool of energy there that folks say is needful for Primal Reversion.
There's no doubt in my mind that Groudon will be racing to that cave, thirsting for that power... We got no choice but to go ourselves. We gotta do whatever we can to fight back!
All right, Maxie! You Team Magma blighters better come with us.
We're responsible for this mess. This ridiculous, impossible mess. It only makes sense for us all to step up and clean up after ourselves. Agreed?
Ngh...
Let's go. Boss Maxie...
...
<var>!
<var>!
I'm sorry I could not be here sooner.
Terrible... So this is what was being depicted in that painting in Granite Cave.
If this doesn't stop, all Hoenn— no, the entire world—will drown. Nothing could live in such a world— neither humans nor Pokémon!
If this doesn't stop, all Hoenn— no, the entire world—will burn up. Nothing could live in such a land of death—neither Pokémon nor humans!
This huge rain cloud... Is it spreading out from Sootopolis?
This dreadful blaze... It must be caused by the sweltering heat wave forming above Sootopolis...
Come on, Steven... Think! What are you going to do?
... ...No.
There's no point in agonizing over the situation from here... I have to go to Sootopolis. There must be answers there.
<var>...
<var>...
I will count on you to help with this crisis... But...please... Promise you won't do anything reckless.
Well then. I'll go ahead to Sootopolis. Good luck to you.




Route 128 →Ever Grande City ↓Route 129
Whoa... That was, like, a total shocker...
What the heck was that? That big fat pillar of light!
It totally came out of here, didn't it?
As an adult, I first feel I must apologize for the way things have turned out. I am truly sorry...
But I must ask for your assistance. Won't you help us avert this crisis? If we work together, I believe we'll be able to overcome this ultimate threat. I will expect your arrival in Sootopolis.
Hey, little scamp. Look, I'm supposed to be a grown-up, right? So let me say sorry for the way this has gone down.
And...I'm sorry 'cause I've gotta ask you to pitch in with the cleanup. We need every hand on deck if we're gonna do something about this mess... So...I'll be waitin' for you in Sootopolis.
