Ohhh, what am I to do? We were just out on our walk, Peeko and I, when we were attacked by an odd thug... And then the scoundrel made off with my darling Peeko! Where are yooouuu?! Peeeeeeko!
Grrrrrr! I want to dig that tunnel!
Grrrrrr! What's going on? I was digging the tunnel without any tools when some goon ordered me out!
That tunnel's filled with Pokémon that react badly to loud noises. They could cause an uproar. That's why we stopped using heavy equipment for tunneling... I'm worried that the goon will do something stupid and startle the Pokémon into an uproar.
Grrrrrroar! That goofy goon hightailed it out of the tunnel! I can go back to digging!
Oh! It's you!
You're that Trainer who helped me in Petalburg Woods and also got back my case that was stolen and then graciously delivered it to Slateport! Captain Stern informed us that the case arrived safely! I thank you very, very much. If I were a rain cloud, I would shower you with gratitude and hail you as a heroine!
For you, most wonderful Trainer, I bear good news! Recently, our company developed a new kind of Poké Ball. As a token of our appreciation for all your help, we would like to give you one!
Please do try it out! Thank you and bye-bye!


I dropped my glasses. Can you help me find them?
Those glasses! May I see them for a second?
Hmm... These are Black Glasses. They're not what I'm looking for... Maybe my glasses aren't around here...
Hmm... I can't find my glasses anywhere... Maybe they're not around here...
Hmm... These are Black Glasses. They're not what I'm looking for...
Route 116 ← Rustboro City
Rusturf Tunnel Linking Rustboro and Verdanturf! Note: The tunnel project has been canceled.
Tunnelers' Rest House
Trainer Tips If you want to stop a Pokémon from evolving, press the B Button while it is trying to evolve. The startled Pokémon will stop. This is called an Evolution cancel.
Trainer Tips Your Bag has several Pockets. Items you obtain are automatically placed in the appropriate Pockets. No Trainer can afford to be without a Bag.
