All my Pokémon does is Roar... No one dares to come near me... Sigh... If you would, please take this TM away...
A Roar can scare the opposing Pokémon away.
Bow! Bowwow!
Meteor Falls Rustboro City through here.
Fossil Maniac's House All rare Fossils are mine!
Lanette's House
I'm gathering Berries so I can win a Pokémon Contest. If you'd like, I'll share one with you.
Good luck to you, too!
What Berries should I collect today, or shall I end a day without collecting any Berries for a change? It's fun to think about that, too.
You guys are— Where are you taking the professor?!
H-hey! Wait up!
You guys are— Where are you taking the professor?!
H-hey! Stop right there!
Route 114
Welcome, welcome.
As you can see, I sell stones. I sell rare stones that I collect by myself on this riverside.
P-p-please wait. It's taken me three years of combing this vast riverside to collect this many stones.
What stone would you like to buy today?
Oho, I see you appreciate the value of this Hard Stone. How very discerning you are! The shape, the color... The texture of this stone... Doesn't there seem to be an atmosphere about it? A feeling as though someone is all alone in space... Specially for you, I'll sell the stone for $45,000!
Well, for beginners, this may suffice. Its texture is suggestive of a withered tree that stands alone. That's not too bad, wouldn't you say? I'll sell this stone for $1,500.
Oho, I see you appreciate the value of this Hard Stone. How very discerning you are! The shape, the color... The texture of this stone... Do you feel an aura of emptiness and distance, as though all emotions have been drained away? Specially for you, I'll sell the stone for $80,000!
Well, for beginners, this may suffice. Its texture is suggestive of a seashore exposed after the tide has gone out. That's not too bad, don't you agree? I'll sell this stone for $1,500.
Oho, I see you appreciate the value of this Hard Stone. How very discerning you are! The shape, the color... The texture of this stone... It reminds you of a lifetime's tears trickling down your face, wouldn't you agree? Specially for you, I'll sell the stone for $150,000!
Well, for beginners, this may suffice. Its texture suggests a fire in its flickering moments at the brink of snuffing out. That's not too bad, wouldn't you say? I'll sell this stone for $1,500.
Thank you very much. Quality stones build a life of quality!
I am so very terribly sorry. I'm out of stock at the moment. But I'll go stone hunting, by which I mean searching for stones, very soon with my friends. Anyway, more and more young people are showing an interest in stones nowadays. It's very promising. On the next scheduled stone hunt, a young man named Steven and a young girl named Roxanne will be coming with us.
I'm afraid you have too many Hard Stones already.
Title: Loneliness
Title: Withered Tree
Title: Emotionless
Title: Ebb Tide
Title: Tears
Title: Fading Fire
I'm not buying any right now
Buy
What do you do?
Good-bye
I'm terribly sorry. I am unable to sell you the stone, for you seem not to have sufficient money.
