Number of collisions: <var> times!
Number of collisions: 100 times or more!
Total time: <var>.<var> seconds!
Total time: One minute or more!
Bravo! Splendid showing! Your love of cycling comes from deep within your heart. You've shaken me to my very soul!
Your technique is remarkable. I suggest you slow down just enough to avoid collisions.
I would consider you a work in progress. Still, I hope you don't forget the sheer pleasure of cycling.
My word... Your cycling skills border on terrifying. Most certainly, you need much more practice riding.
I am aghast... You're perhaps not cut out for this unfortunate cycling business. You ought to give serious thought to returning that Bike to Rydel.
This is the Cycling Road. If you ride from Mauville to Slateport on a Mach Bike, you can be rated for your collisions and your total time.
Regardless of the results, I count on seeing more challenges from you. Always aim higher!
On this Cycling Road, folks riding Mach Bikes are rated on number of collisions and total time. Acro Bikes do not qualify for rating. They are easy to turn, so it's not fair.
Learning techniques will make Bike riding even more fun. There are some places that you can reach only by using a Bike technique.
Oh, hey, you got that Bike from Rydel! Oh, it's glaringly obvious. It says right on your bike... Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel, Rydel... That name's everywhere. You should ride it around all over the place—it's good advertising!
A beautiful woman who runs through the road with her jet-black hair flowing in the breeze... Can I find such a woman somewhere?
Best record to date... Number of collisions: <var> times!
Best record to date... Number of collisions: 100 times or more!
Total time: <var>.<var> seconds!
Total time: One minute or more!
Best record to date... No one seems to have taken the challenge. There is no record...
Seaside Parking
