Team Magma's activities must be kept secret for now.
If our members in Slateport do well, the next destination is Mt. Chimney. I have to jot it down.
This is my first job after joining Team Magma... I'm nervous.
Team Magma's actions should put a smile on everyone's face. Maybe... Perhaps...
You want to know about Team Aqua's activities? Hahaha! It's a bit too difficult for kids to understand them.
I wanted to go to Slateport and kick up a ruckus! Well, that's OK. I'll make up for it by getting all fired up in Mt. Chimney!
This is my first job after joining Team Aqua. I've got the shakes!
Team Aqua's actions will put a smile on the face of every Pokémon!
Hey, <var>! It's been ages! Nice timing, too. I was just searching for Pokémon, you know?
My dad is always going on about how nature used to be even more diverse, way back in the day. He says that there used to be way more kinds of Pokémon than there are now! So that's why we do fieldwork, him and me. We really want to find out what happened to those Pokémon in the past.
On my journey up to now, I've met a lot of different Pokémon, and I think I've gotten to understand a lot of them, too. Me and my Pokémon have really grown. So...
How about a little battle?

<var>, you've been busy training, too, haven't you?
Oops! But look at us! Our teams look pretty tired. Let's get them taken care of first.
And now I think you deserve a reward, too! Here, this is from me!
That's a Dowsing Machine. Try it out—if there's a hidden item anywhere near you, that little thing will react to tell you. Pay attention, and it'll lead you right to items! And it's fun to see all those waving bits above your head. Try it, and I bet you'll be hooked! Careful—you won't be able to sneak up on Pokémon while you wear it!
See you later then, <var>! Let's meet again!
I hope we'll both be able to meet even more Pokémon on our journeys!
Hey, <var>. So this is where you've been. How've things been going? I was just checking out the Pokémon around here to help with my dad's research. He says that a long, long time ago, nature used to be way more diverse and there were lots more kinds of Pokémon, too. My dad and I want to learn more about those Pokémon from the past, you know? That's why we do fieldwork. And this journey has really helped. I've met a lot of Pokémon on my way here and learned about them, too.
Which reminds me! Come on! It's the first time we've met in ages, so let's have a battle! Show me what you and your team have accomplished on your journey, <var>!

Sheesh, <var>, when did you go and train your Pokémon up that well? It's, like, I don't know... It's pretty surprising, OK!
Both our teams look pretty wiped out after that, huh! Here, let me help them out.
And this is for you.
That's a Dowsing Machine. Use it to root around for items that aren't visible. If it senses something nearby, it'll react, see? Truth is, once I started using it, I got pretty hooked on it. It's addicting! But I recommend you give it a try. Careful though, you won't be able to sneak up on Pokémon while you wear it!
I guess I'm off to get started surveying the next area then. I hope you meet a lot of Pokémon, too, <var>!
Which should I choose? Make a beeline for Mauville on the Cycling Road, or take the low road and look for Pokémon?
I don't have a Bike, so I'll take a leisurely walk on the low road.
The two roads, one above, one below... A road each for people and Pokémon. Perhaps that is right and fair.
Wouldn't it be great to ride a Bike at full speed on the Cycling Road?
Route 110 ↓ Slateport City
Seaside Cycling Road
Route 110 ← Route 103
Route 110 ↑ Mauville City
Trainer Tips You can immobilize the opposing Pokémon by paralyzing it or causing it to sleep. It is an important technique for Pokémon battles.
Trainer Tips The order of items can be changed by pressing START on the Bag menu.
Three steps → and two steps ↑ to reach the wondrous Trick House.
Here comes Team Magma!
Somebody scribbled that on the sign...
Here comes Team Aqua!


You had your Pokémon's HP restored!
Let's keep going through Route 110 and head for Mt. Chimney!
It'll be quite a long journey. Let's take a rest in Mauville City, which is on the way.
I concur!
Let's keep going through Route 110 and head for Mt. Chimney!
Wow, that's quite far. Why don't we take a rest in Mauville City. It's on the way.
Great idea!
