H-help me!
Halloo! You over there! Please! Help me out! In my Bag! There are some Poké Balls!
Wh-where are you going?! Don't leave me like this!
Whew... I went into the tall grass to survey wild Pokémon when I was suddenly jumped! You saved my hide. Thanks a lot!
Oh? But you're Norman's boy, <var>! I didn't even realize who you were at first. You've grown into quite the young man. This isn't the place for a chat, though. Come along to my lab.
Oh? But you're Norman's girl, <var>! I didn't even realize who you were at first. You've grown into quite the young lady. This isn't the place for a chat, though. Come along to my lab.
If your Pokémon get tired, take them to a Pokémon Center. There's a Pokémon Center in Oldale Town right close by.
Wild Pokémon will jump out at you when you're walking in the tall grass. So dive right in when you're trying to find that Pokémon you want to catch!
Route 101 ↑ Oldale Town
The wild Poochyena fled!
















<var>!
<var>!
This is from my dad. He said he forgot to give it to you before.
This is from my dad. He said he forgot to give it to you before.
Your PokéNav Plus has been updated! The DexNav function has been added to your PokéNav Plus!
The app I just added to your PokéNav Plus is called the DexNav.
The app I just added to your PokéNav Plus is called the DexNav.
It can tell you lots about the Pokémon living in each area and that kind of stuff. It's a handy app to have if you're trying to catch lots of different Pokémon.
It can tell you lots about the Pokémon living in each area and that kind of stuff. It's a handy app to have if you're trying to catch lots of different Pokémon.
Guess it's about time I use the DexNav to do a little more catching myself! I'm gonna head that way and see what I find. <var>, you should use those Poké Balls I gave you earlier to do a bit of catching, too!
All right! Guess it's about time I use the DexNav to do some more Pokémon catching myself! <var>, you should use those Poké Balls I gave you earlier to do a bit of catching, too!
Hey, <var>! Over here!
<var>! Over here!
See that? Right there? There's a tail sticking out! There's a Pokémon hiding there!
See that? Right there? There's a tail sticking out! There's a Pokémon hiding there!
And look here, if you check your DexNav... Score! It looks like that Pokémon knows a pretty rare move, too!
And look here, if you check your DexNav... All right! It looks like that Pokémon knows a pretty rare move, too!
<var>! Try getting closer, real nice and slow! Push lightly on the Circle Pad to sneak close to Pokémon hiding in the grass. That's what it said in some book.
<var>! Try getting closer, real nice and slow! Push lightly on the Circle Pad to sneak close to Pokémon hiding in the grass. That's what it said in a book I read!
You're almost there...! Slowly...slooowly... Remember...you press lightly on the Circle Pad to sneak!
You're almost there...! Slowly...slooowly... Remember...you press lightly on the Circle Pad to sneak!
That was awesome, <var>! I've been at this way longer than you, and even I have a hard time sneaking up like that without being noticed!
That was amazing, <var>! I've been at this way longer than you, and even I have a hard time sneaking up like that without being noticed!
Hah hah! Too bad... If you try to get close in a rush, a hiding Pokémon will just run away from you.
Oooh, too bad! If you try to get close in a rush, a hiding Pokémon will just run away from you.
Oh! Why, if it isn't <var>!
Oh! Why, if it isn't <var>!
Oh! Why, if it isn't <var> again!
Oh! Why, if it isn't <var> again!
Oh! Why, if it isn't <var> yet again!
Oh! Why, if it isn't <var> yet again!
H-help a professor out! I've got some Poké Balls in my Bag there!
My, my! Good thing that Shroomish wasn't as fierce as it seemed! I sure do appreciate your trying to help me out, though. In fact... Why don't you keep that Pokémon? Yes, that one from the Johto region!
My goodness, I sure misread that situation, didn't I? I thought that Machoke from the Pokémon Postal Service was a wild Machoke! My, my, what a slipup... I sure do appreciate your trying to help me out, though. In fact... Why don't you keep that Pokémon? Yes, that one from the Unova region!
Oh my! I sure did misread that situation, now didn't I? I assumed it was a Pokémon chasing after me, but it was just my own wife! My, my, what a slipup... I sure do appreciate your trying to help me out, though. In fact... Why don't you keep that Pokémon? Yes, that one from the Sinnoh region!
Will you be giving it a nickname?
Oho! That's a fine name!
No nickname for this one, eh?
Well, I hope to see you later. I somehow get the feeling that I will, if I stick around here!
Well, I hope to see you later. I somehow get the feeling that I will again, if I stick around here!
Well, I hope to see you later. Stop by the lab anytime. Always happy to see you!
Come play at our house again sometime!
<var> has been transferred to your Box.
<var> received <var>!
