You can call me the Judge. Heh heh, that's actually not my real name, but it's what everyone calls me. It's because of this weird power I have. It's a gift, really. I can discern—or judge, you might say—the overall potential of individual Pokémon. How about it? Let me judge the intriguing potential of your Pokémon!
Hey there! So how about it? Are you gonna let me judge the intriguing potential of your Pokémon?
...Oh? You don't need me to judge? I get it.
Judge an Egg?! That's a tall order even for me!
I see, I see... This Pokémon's potential is decent all around. That's how I judge it, anyway.
I see... I see... This Pokémon's potential is above average overall. That's how I judge it, anyway.
I see... I see... This Pokémon has relatively superior potential overall. That's how I judge it, anyway.
I see... I see... This Pokémon has outstanding potential overall. That's how I judge it, anyway.
Incidentally, I would say that its greatest potential lies in its HP.
Incidentally, I would say that its greatest potential lies in its Attack stat.
Incidentally, I would say that its greatest potential lies in its Defense stat.
Incidentally, I would say that its greatest potential lies in its Sp. Atk stat.
Incidentally, I would say that its greatest potential lies in its Sp. Def stat.
Incidentally, I would say that its greatest potential lies in its Speed stat.
But its Attack stat is good, too.
Hmm. And its Defense stat is good, too.
Although its Sp. Atk stat is equally good.
Its Sp. Def stat seems just as good, though.
And, well, its Speed stat is good, too.
It has rather decent stats, I'd say. That's how I judge it.
It's definitely got some good stats. That's how I judge it.
This Pokémon has some fantastic stats. That's how I judge it.
Stats like those... They simply can't be beat! That's how I judge it.
But its HP... It's pretty dismal, you know?
But this Attack stat... It's terrible...
But how can you make it through battle with this kind of Defense stat?
But this Sp. Atk won't even leave a scratch on an opponent...
But this low of a Sp. Def stat is going to leave you high and dry...
But you won't get anywhere fast with this low of a Speed stat...
And that's quite a disappointing Attack stat there, isn't it?
And that Defense stat is nothing to write home about, you know?
And I'm afraid that its Sp. Atk is pretty bad, too...
And it looks like it's no great shakes when it comes to Sp. Def either...
And that Speed stat... Well, it's nothing to brag about, that's for sure.
