Hi. You seem to be very close to your <var>. Do you know what? I'm a TV reporter. I travel around interviewing people about Pokémon. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to tell me a little about your <var>?
Wow, thank you! OK, then, please tell me anything you like about your <var>.
Wow... That's an interesting account. You really are tight with <var>, aren't you? I get the feeling that your account will make a great BuzzNav story. I promise I'll turn this into an entertaining show! Keep your eye out for it. OK, that's all. Bye-bye!
Oh, OK... Well, if you get the urge to tell me about Pokémon, I'll be here!
I enjoy this job—you get to learn so much about Pokémon by doing interviews.
Wow! It's plain to see that you lavish your love on your <var>. OK, it's named <var>. May I ask you a favor? I'm a TV reporter, and I'm running a survey on Pokémon. Would you be willing to answer a simple question for me?
Great! Thank you! OK, here goes. I just need a quick answer, OK?
When you first met <var>, what did you feel? How would you describe your feelings at the time?
Your <var> is lovingly cared for. If you were to compare it to something you like, what would it be?
This question also relates to your beloved <var>. What was it about <var> that attracted you?

I see! Hmm. OK! Thanks for helping me out. Chatting with you was fun and enlightening. Could be our interview will air on BuzzNav. Tune in and check! OK, that's all. Bye-bye!
Oh, OK. Well, if you get the urge to tell me about Pokémon, I'll be here!
I enjoy this job—you get to learn so much about Pokémon by doing interviews.
Oh? Do you perhaps like Pokémon? I'm on assignment with the TV network. I'm gathering current stories on Pokémon and Trainers. If you don't mind, could you tell me something about yourself?
I'm gathering current stories on Pokémon and Trainers. If you don't mind, could you tell me something about yourself?
Oh, you will? Thank you! Then, please, tell me anything of interest that you experienced recently involving Pokémon.
Oh, I see. Well, if you do have an interesting story to tell, please let me know.
What an uplifting story! I'll definitely get your story on BuzzNav, so please look forward to it when it airs!
Hmm. I have a good story for a BuzzNav program. I'd better write it up in a hurry!
Oh! We've just spotted a tough-looking Trainer—here of all places! OK, roll camera! Let's get this interview.
Oh! You're <var>! Hi! Do you remember us from last time? Can you show us how much stronger you've become? OK, cue interview!
Is there a strong Trainer anywhere? One with a lot of Pokémon?

Awesome! Awesome! Who are you?! I knew we were onto something wild when we spotted you! Oh, please let me explain. We travel around everywhere, interviewing all sorts of Trainers. Care to give us a bit of your time for an interview?
"<var>!" Do you remember? That's the quote you gave us as the battle clincher last time. I never, ever forget stuff like that!




Anyway, what do you think? Do you want to be interviewed again?
You will? Thank you! OK, I need you to describe your feelings about our battle, but it has to be short and sweet. Go!
Mmm, yeah! That's the perfect clincher! I get the feeling that this will make a great TV show. There's a chance that they'll air this on BuzzNav, so make sure to look for us! Okay! We'll be seeing you!
Oh... OK, but don't give up! We'll be keeping an eye out for you!
We'll be keeping an eye out for you!
Well, could we trouble you for an interview, after all?


Hey, lookee here! A tough-looking Trainer here, of all places! Camera's rolling!
Hey, lookee here! I remember you! I'll get this battle down on this here camera!
Do you only have the one Pokémon, and that's it? If you had more Pokémon, it'd make for better footage.

You're a natural! Got me some prime footage right here! By the way, if it's all right, let Gabby interview you.
You're a natural! Got me some prime footage right here!

