Hot diggidy! That's a Volcanion you have there, isn't it?
As far as I know, the people in that group are the only ones in history to have seen this Pokémon. To think that I'd meet a Trainer who not only found Volcanion, but actually caught it!
What a day! I like you, kid! I'm the head of this TV studio. How about I show you some top-secret specials we made about Volcanion?
They're a little something I made for a TV show once back in the day, but... Well, things didn't work out, and they ended up getting shelved.
OK! Sit back and enjoy! My top-secret Volcanion specials!
All right! Which clip would you like to watch?
This is a special edition of MVTV: Explorations of the Ancient World! Join us deep in the swamplands of the Kalos region where we found a mythical Volcanion! ... Explorer: "B-boss! There it is! It's Volcanion!" Brandon: "Oh! Get back! If it blows, it could send even huge mountains flying! It can change moisture into super-heated steam in an instant with its internal organs causing a massive explosion!" Explorer: "That was a close one! Thanks for saving me, boss!" Brandon: "Stay alert at all times! Don't forget your courage sensor!"
This is a special edition of MVTV: Explorations of the Ancient World! Join us in the untouched woodlands of the Sinnoh region where we found a mythical Volcanion! ... Explorer: "B-boss! There it is! It's Volcanion!" Brandon: "Oh! Get back! Look at those arm-like things growing out of its back! It uses those to suck in moisture to turn into a thick fog! If we stay here, we'll be trapped in the fog!" Explorer: "That was a close one! Thanks for saving me, boss!" Brandon: "Stay alert at all times! Don't forget your courage sensor!"
This is a special edition of MVTV: Explorations of the Ancient World! Join us on a desert island in the Johto region where we found a mythical Volcanion! ... Explorer: "B-boss! There it is! It's Volcanion!" Brandon: "Oh! Get back! An explosion from Volcanion can even change mountain ranges into plains! It's thought that ancient land masses were formed in that way." Explorer: "That was a close one! Thanks for saving me, boss!" Brandon: "Stay alert at all times! Don't forget your courage sensor!"
How about that?! Quite the spectacle, wasn't it? That's our fantastic TV series from the famous explorer Brandon!
All right, that was quite the spectacle! That's our fantastic TV series from the famous explorer Brandon!
Part One
Part Two
Part Three
Don't watch
