The file folder holds a stack of ragged papers. "Official Statem— of Apolog—" "I, —izo— Co—mo, am respon— for the los— of the Odd Keystone dona—d...by the Oreb—gh Mine..." The rest is too damaged to make out...
It's covered with different knickknacks, all featuring a Skitty in some kind of dress... But they're all pretty dusty!
In the dusty bookcase are old papers covered in detailed statements and records of payments made. The text is blurred in places and hard to read. "Sea—ville...servi—nvoice... Name: Ra— Coz—o Base—ay: $—85—9 Overtim—bursement: $1—23" The rest is too damaged to make out.
These shelves look like they might fall apart at any moment. There's an old game system with two screens... Something about it is different from the system you have...
Oh! A Hi Skitty doll... Isn't it cute? I remember when these were all the rage... But I wonder why it's here... Wasn't this an office?
There are a number of letters in this rusting tin box. Would you like to read them?
First letter
Second letter
Third letter
Fourth letter
Fifth letter
Sixth letter
Seventh letter
No thanks
"Dear Daddy, How are you? Are you working really hard? I'm doing well. I'm doing all my homework, and I'm helping at home, too. Mommy's working hard and makes us dinner every night. Do you have to work this weekend? Are you going to come home? If you come home, take me to see the star show, OK?                             —Takao Cozmo P.S. I'm going to send you the picture I drew at the Trainers' School."
It looked like another letter, but it's a drawing. The drawing is of a boy's face, and written next to it are the words "I love you, Daddy."
"Dear Daddy, How are you? Are you working really hard? I was sad that you didn't come last weekend. But Mommy didn't seem so sad. She went out with her friend. I finally got that telescope that I've been wanting. It was from you, wasn't it? Thanks, Daddy. I really, really wanted it. I like looking at the sky, Daddy. When I look at the stars, I wonder if you are looking at the same stars, too. Let's look at the stars together, next time you come home.                             —Takao Cozmo"
"Dear Daddy, How are you? You aren't working too hard, are you? You never come home anymore. I'm worried if you're OK. Mommy goes out with her friends a lot. It seems like fun, so I guess she's doing OK. The Shelgon that you gave me evolved the other day. But I liked it better when it was a Shelgon and it looked like a Meteorite. Salamence was kind of a letdown, so I asked a friend to trade it for his Solrock. I'm sorry, Daddy. I know it was a present, but I think Solrock is cooler. When it gets dark tonight, I'm going to look at the stars again. I'll think of you when I do.                             —Takao Cozmo"
"Dear Daddy, I was really, really happy to get to meet you the other day. It was so fun playing together again, and going to see the star show, too, even if it was just the two of us. It was sad that Mommy couldn't go, and even more sad when you and Mommy fought that night. I'll study hard, just like you told me, and I'll be a good boy, so don't fight. But let me keep watching the stars, even if I have to do all my homework, too. When I grow up, I want to be a professor and study the stars.                             —Takao Cozmo"
"Dear Daddy, Thank you for writing to me. I'm doing really well here, so please don't worry about me. I hope I'll see you again someday. I dream about it all the time. I brought the telescope you bought me to our new house. Please don't work too hard, Daddy. I hope you are OK. I will always, always love the stars, and I will always, always love you.                             —Takao Cozmo P.S. I'll give you my Hi Skitty doll. Please take care of it for me."
It looked like another letter, but it's a photo. There's a little boy holding a telescope, with a woman beside him, looking bored.
Want to read another letter?
It's a tattered clipping from an old magazine cover. On the cover is a young lady who looks like Lisia. "Termination of New Mauville Project Officially Announced at Last! Serious Talks Begin about the Closure of Sea Mauville! Cries of Concern Erupt from Staff Members Working at Sea Mauville! Greater Mauville Holdings Reps Remain Tight-Lipped about the Issues! Project Leader Wattson Weighs In on Problems Plaguing New Mauville!" The rest of the magazine has been torn away...
...
It's a card that has mold growing on it. "Sea Mauville Employee ID Group Leader Stern Excavation Unit No. 8 (Team I)"
It's an old, hide-bound notebook. "The damage caused by the cancellation of the New Mauville project has been catastrophic. As a member of the management, much of the blame and the debts will fall upon me. But that will be little consolation to the employees working under me who will lose their livelihoods. I couldn't do a thing for them... I'm a man with no power... Protecting nature and Pokémon and the environment... It's great as an idea. It's a fine ideal to aspire to. And Wattson is a great man for dreaming of it all. But cruel reality and the organization that I must try to preserve have dashed those dreams. I couldn't do a thing for him... I'm a man with no power..." This is the last page with writing on it. Other pages have been torn out.
There are dirty papers inside the cabinet... "Sea Mau—nal Newsletter #389 We ha— a new winne—he monthly slogan—mpetition! It's—alty—the lea—Storage Unit No. 1— ith— Don't dirty the seas with pollution and dumping! Dirty your uniform with sweat and hard work! In recog—of his win, Cap'n Sal—will—ceive a Rocky—met and—yperior! —everyone will kee—slogan in the—hearts and—as they giv—re all again—s month!"
It's a mattress with springs poking out of it. There's something underneath it... It's an old-looking magazine of some kind. "Captivating Landscapes from around the World!"
It's an odd-smelling mattress. There's something underneath it... It's a torn magazine of some kind. "Rugged Vehicles from around the World!"
It's a bed with ragged sheets. There's something underneath it... It's a torn magazine of some kind. "What You Need to Know about Unemployment"
It's a bed that seems to have been chewed on. There's something underneath it... It's a colorful magazine of some kind. "The Fame and the Shame! Champions Exposed!"
The locker's handle has broken off. It's so rusted that it doesn't even budge...
It feels as though you're being watched...
There are little glass bottles lined up inside a dusty cabinet, all with the same label... "Wake Up with Devon Energy Elixir! Now with Refined Seviper Extract! Increase your Focus! Work for Days! You'll Never Need Another Rest!"
Shahhh!
