









Professor Cozmo was taken to Meteor Falls, beyond Route 114. Please save the professor from that Team Magma!
Professor Cozmo was taken to Meteor Falls, beyond Route 114. Please save the professor from that Team Aqua!


Y-you see... Professor Cozmo...
It's ridiculous... Professor Cozmo...
He got abducted by some weird guys calling themselves Team Something or Other...
They say that he was just up and kidnapped by some nuts calling themselves Team Something or Other...
Those shady characters... They called themselves Team Magma.
Those shady characters... They called themselves Team Aqua.
It seems as though they plan to do something with the Meteorite that the professor has been researching. The professor is just too gullible. If you show the least bit of interest in his research, he would happily go with you anywhere, without question.
<var>, please... You've got to help me save him! They can't be planning to do anything good with Professor Cozmo's research. We have to do something!
<var>... I know it's a lot to ask, but we've gotta help Cozmo! I can't just stand by here and watch them use his life's work for their own corrupt reasons!
I...I'm going to head after them right away! Let's meet up at Meteor Falls!
I'm going to head to Meteor Falls right away. Come catch up to me as soon as you can.
I'm counting on you, <var>!
I'm counting on you, <var>!
Ahhh! Professor! Thank the stars above! Professor, you're back!
Hah...haha... Thanks to these children, I have somehow returned.
Those crazy jerks... What do you think they wanted with the professor's Meteorite anyway?
Those nuts back there... What do you think they're hoping to do with the professor's Meteorite?
I've gotta say, they sure didn't look like the good guys...but...
From the look of them, they kind of seem like bad guys, but...
I guess we'd both better be careful from here on out. Not that I'm really worried about you, <var>. You and your team'd be fine for sure.
We've both got to be careful. Though I'm not worried a bit if it's you and your team, <var>!





Those crooks who took my Meteorite... What will they do next at Mt. Chimney?

But I need to thank you, as well. You truly saved me from disaster. I hope you'll take this TM as some small form of repayment.
As long as the professor is safe and sound, I don't need anything else...
It's a cutting-edge telescope! It seems to be focused on some particular sector of space!
There are many books and papers about Meteorites! "Relativity of Meteorites and Energy Vol. 1: Pokémon" "Relativity of Meteorites and Energy Vol. 2: Humanity" "Relativity of Meteorites and Energy Vol. 3: Nature"
Thank you, Professor.
Wow! Thanks, Professor!
Now that that's over with... What're you planning to do next, <var>?
We-e-ell... What're you gonna do next, <var>?
I'm thinking of going for my next Gym Badge. The one from Mauville City.
I'm thinking of checking out the next Gym on my list. It's the one in Mauville City.
Wanna make the trip together, <var>? To Mauville, that is.
Why don't you come with me, <var>? To Mauville!
Ah, right. Well, tell me if you change your mind. Mauville's right in the middle of Hoenn, so you can go to all sorts of places from there. Even Mt. Chimney, the place those guys were talking about at Meteor Falls, is a pretty short trip from Mauville.
Oh. Right. Well, tell me if you change your mind! Mauville's right in the middle of Hoenn, so you can go to all sorts of places from there. Even Mt. Chimney, the place those guys were talking about at Meteor Falls, in fact. It's just a short trip from Mauville.
Cool. Let's go then.
Right on! Let's hit the road!
Oh! Why, hello again!
What good fortune... I'd been thinking that if I saw you again, I would want to give you this...
I happened to pick this up some time ago, while doing excavation at Meteor Falls. I hoped it might help you and your team along on your journey. But I'm still astounded by it all.
A relationship between the Mega Stones, Key Stones, and the Meteorites... My, but new facts do come to light every day! This is what makes my research feel worthwhile!
I know a man, a dear friend in the Kalos region, who has been researching Mega Evolution. We worked together a few years back here at Meteor Falls researching Meteorites. I'll have to share this information with him at once. It might propel his research forward, and help future Trainers and Pokémon. I hope it does.
Oh, welcome, welcome! Make yourself at home.
