Places like this are rare, so I'm taking a good look around. Hmm-hmm-hmm... There appear to be other rooms...
It's a filing cabinet whose glass has been broken. Huh? There's a key hanging at the back.
It's a file cabinet with broken glass. There's nothing important.
It's a cabinet covered with dust. Grass is growing from an opened drawer.
Wha— How in the world did you get in? I locked the door... All right. You want this, don't you? Take this!
I was teaching this girl how hard it is to be a Trainer!
...Blush...
There's an old note at the back of the cabinet with broken glass. "Finally, the date of closing has been decided. I can't say thank you enough to Stern, who invited us to his shipyard when we would have been left adrift. Dock, who's done a dirty job, and I can both start with a clean slate. The only way we can repay him is to support his business with our skills."
There's a crumpled piece of paper inside. "Sea Mauville Company Song" is written on it. 1. The daybreak shines on Route 108. Wake up, our towering fort. For the bright future Hoenn, We won't take our days off. Dig through, dig out great energy. Ah, Sea Mauville, Sea Mauville, Sea Mauville. 2. The bright light shines on Route 108. Intensely shiny, our fort. Swear your selfless devotion. Unionization is out of the question. Dig through, dig out great energy. Ah, Sea Mauville, Sea Mauville, Sea Mauville. 3. Darkness descends on Route 108. Tonight again sleepless, our fort. Drive away our competitors. We won't take our overtime pay. Dig through, dig out great energy. Ah, Sea Mauville, Sea Mauville, Sea Mauville.
It's a group photo of people in jumpsuits. They're all tanned, each striking a pose.
It's a picture of a guy with an impressive mustache and stomach. He's smiling with many men in jumpsuits in front of Sea Mauville.
The file labeled "CONFIDENTIAL" contains stained documents. The documents have dates way before you were born. ■De— Sec— Investi— —port The develop— on new —rgy turned out to be true. The ene— that uses —kémo— bio—rgy is called —inity Ener—. ■Investi— Report on Wa— A series of actions related to cancellation of the —w Mauvil— Proje— tur— out to be true. I recom— prompt discip— action against him as a traitor to our group. Do— Team E Leader, —ative Group —
The file labeled "CONFIDENTIAL" contains stained documents. The documents have dates way before you were born. ■—von Secret —gation Re— The —ment on new ene— turned out to be true. The —rgy that uses Po—on's —ene— is called Inf— —gy. ■—gation Report on —son A series of actions related to cancellation of the New —lle Project —ned out to be true. I —mend prompt —linary action against him as a traitor to our group. —ck Team E Leader, Opera— Group —
A ragged jumpsuit is hung in the locker. Pokémon may have gnawed on it.
It's an old shelf. A shattered tea cup with printed letters "Adversity" is on the shelf.
There is a gigantic PC behind the locker that doesn't open. Moss is growing from the broken monitor.
A card is on the chair with warped legs. Some parts are missing. Sea Mauv—e Employee I— C—rd —a— —z— Ware— team R, Storage Group —1
A pick is resting against an old machine... It's huge like a horn of a Heracross, but it's very rusty.
There's a locker with a very dented door. Whether you push it or pull it, it won't move.
A lot of tattered comic books are piled high. When did they read these?
