
























Yo.
I thought something was a bit noisy, and who is it but the usual scamp!
Sorry, scampo, but I'm afraid I just don't have time to play with you right now.
The Blue Orb that's long been enshrined here at Mt. Pyre... It belongs to Team Aqua now!
...Ma-a-att!
Oh! Boss!
How about you do a favor for our lively little visitor, and keep himer entertained?
You'd better use your full strength, too, so you don't offend our honored guest!
Bwahahahaha! With this Blue Orb in my hands, I won't even need the power of the Meteorite to awaken the beast from the deep! All I need now is a way to get to the place where it sleeps... All I have to do is get that submarine they're making in Slateport! Come on, boys! We're for Slateport City!
All right then, until the Boss makes his getaway, I'll be your opponent!
Oohh... Ha! Ha! Hah!
That was fun! I knew you'd show me a good time!
I look forward to facing you again someday!
Aye, me, what disaster... The Blue Orb...stolen from our safekeeping...
The Blue Orb and Red Orb must never be separated. They belong together...
Mmm...
I will entrust the remaining Red Orb to you, young one.
And I beg you... Chase after those thieves and take back their orb! That wretched leader of theirs... I'm sure he said they were headed for Slateport City next...
The Red Orb I gave you, and the Blue Orb that they stole... Having the two separated can only lead to disaster... I'm sure their leader said they would head to Slateport next...
So it has happened... Kyogre has been awoken... And the mysterious orb that transformed it into its true form—its Primal Reversion— it was the Blue Orb that was stolen away from us... My people first unearthed it in Sootopolis's Cave of Origin. Perhaps Kyogre has some tie to the Cave of Origin...
So it has happened... Groudon has been awoken... And the mysterious orb that transformed it into its true form—its Primal Reversion— it was the Red Orb that was stolen away from us... My people first unearthed it in Sootopolis's Cave of Origin. Perhaps Groudon has some tie to the Cave of Origin...





Mt. Pyre exists to soothe the spirits of Pokémon that have passed on... From so high up, we can look down upon Hoenn. Such a view must bring peace even to those lost Pokémon... Is it coincidence that you are here? Will you hear my tale? A tale long told in the Hoenn region?
It happened long, long ago... The world was wracked by an unceasing battle between Kyogre, the Pokémon of the sea, and Groudon, the Pokémon of the land... Kyogre raising huge waves and carving out oceans... Groudon raising mountains and creating continents... Their fierce duel raged without end. The world was assaulted by vicious rains and merciless heat in turn. Only one power was great enough to quell this terrible outpouring. That of the Blue Orb and the Red Orb. The light which poured from the Red Orb calmed Kyogre in its fury. The light which swelled from the Blue Orb quieted Groudon in its rage. The two, now docile, dove deep into the sea and disappeared from human eyes...
It happened long, long ago... The world was wracked by an unceasing battle between Groudon, the Pokémon of the land, and Kyogre, the Pokémon of the sea... Groudon raising mountains and creating continents... Kyogre raising huge waves and carving out oceans... Their fierce duel raged without end. The world was assaulted by merciless heat and vicious rains in turn. Only one power was great enough to quell this terrible outpouring. That of the Red Orb and the Blue Orb. The light which swelled from the Blue Orb quieted Groudon in its rage. The light which poured from the Red Orb calmed Kyogre in its fury. The two, now docile, dove deep into the sea and disappeared from human eyes...
I see... Well, that, too, is fine...

Hmph...
So it was you...
I'm sorry I had to postpone my defeat of you at Mt. Chimney. And now, I am sorry that I have to postpone it once more. I cannot afford to waste even a single second now.
For the Red Orb which has long been enshrined here at Mt. Pyre... Now belongs to me, the great Maxie!
Courtney.
...Ha.
You must see to it that our dear visitor is not neglected due to my inability to battle now...
Do be so kind as to battle himer with the full measure of your strength... and crush this boygirl so that she will never again for a single moment dream of defying our team!
Fufufu... With this Red Orb in my possession, I have no need for the power of the Meteorite to awaken the beast from the deep! All that I need now is a way to reach the place where it sleeps... The only task remaining is obtaining the submarine being constructed in Slateport! We move out at once, team! Our next destination...Slateport City!
... ...Analyzing.
...Hah. ♪
...Again? That's unanticipated. ...I knew it. You...are interesting! ...Haha. ♪
I'm looking forward to... I'm looking forward to... When we...can meet again.
Aye, me, what disaster... The Red Orb... Stolen from our safekeeping...
The Red Orb and Blue Orb must never be separated. They belong together...
Mmm...
I will entrust the remaining Blue Orb to you, young one.
And I beg you... Chase after those thieves and take back their orb! That wretched leader of theirs... I'm sure he said they were headed for Slateport City next...
The Blue Orb I gave you, and the Red Orb that they stole... Having the two separated can only lead to disaster... I'm sure their leader said they would head to Slateport next...




...I know, right?! ...Uh-huh. ...Uh-huh-uh-huh. ...Ahahaha! You're always joking around! ...Uh-huh, got it. ...OK, I'll be back!
Oh?
You... What are you doing in a place like this?
Hmmm, I see. I usually train here. Today I had planned to come see my grandma here, though. Well, good luck with your training! See you in the Pokémon League!
Oh, I see. That must be why my grandma was talking about you earlier. It looks like you made a lasting impression on my grandma. Well, I guess I'll be on my way. See you in the Pokémon League!
Paying respects
Training
