



...Mm-hmm.
So in the ancient world, their primal forms once held this much power...? The super-ancient Pokémon... What terrible strength...
But this appearance here... It seems somehow different from Mega Evolution... Hmm. It seems my questions will not be answered today.
Hm?
You are...?
...
Ah, I see. It's a pleasure, <var>.
Ah, I see. It's a pleasure, <var>.
My apologies. My name is Steven.
I'm interested in rare stones, so I travel here and there. Today my journey brought me here, but what about you?
Oh? A letter for me?
<var> gave Steven the letter she had been entrusted with!
Why, thank you...
It must have been some trouble to track me down. I suppose I must repay you in some way.
Let me see... I will give you this TM. Please accept it. It contains my favorite move, Steel Wing.
If you don't mind me asking... Do you feel anything in particular when you look up at this wall?
A primal world, lost thousands of years in the past... A Legendary Pokémon of tremendous power became humanity's greatest threat... The terror aroused by that power is clear to see in this ancient artwork.
...Yes. But not all power is terrible. Your Pokémon are clearly quite capable as well.
Looking at you all together... I think that you have in you what it takes to become a Pokémon League Champion. As long as you keep training, that is.
Good luck to you. I must be going now.
Hm, hm, hm. Well, seems like it's true. It really is just like the wall painting there. This one shows Primal Reversion... While that one shows Mega Evolution... I guess that proves it once and for all.
Our great ancestors once lived here, too.
The ancestors who passed down through me the knowledge of how to protect the world... How to avert the threat that will appear from space, as long was foretold... From a place higher even than the heavens...
...Mum?
What is it, Aster?
Oh?
We do seem to meet an awful lot, <var>.
Are you also interested in this old painting?
Or are you here for the other? For one of the Meteorite Shards that can serve as a source of power for the Legendary Pokémon that lives in the heavens above.
Either way... You know I adore you.
That's it! I can't help it! I have to battle you!
I'll play nice, though, and ask first... You're ready to battle me, right?
Fine, fine. I ge-e-et it. I'll wait. I want to see you at your best, y'know. So go get ready!
That's my boygirl!
Now let's do it! Give me a good taste of everything you and your Pokémon have to offer!
Niiice! Real nice, <var>! Ohhh, I really felt that one! Full points to you!
That settles it! You get this Meteorite Shard as a reward!

... Hey... The actions that you're taking now... Are they based on the ideals you cling to? Or are they based on actual truths? And if they are... How much of the truth do you think you know?
...Mum?
Yes, ma'am! Moving out! Such a spoiled girl you are, Aster...
So what'll be our next stop, hmm, sweetie?
The Entry Call (Ver. 0.09) app rang on your PokéNav Plus!
Steven: ...<var>.
Steven: ...<var>.
Steven: Were you able to find the Meteorite Shard that we need? Steven: If you were able to secure it, could you hurry back to us at the Mossdeep Space Center? Steven: I'm afraid we don't seem to have much time left... Steven: ...I'll be waiting for you.
...Kzt!
It is a cave painting depicting a giant Pokémon-like creature wreaking havoc. There is a symbol resembling an α on each of the beast's two arms...
It is a cave painting that depicts a giant Pokémon-like creature wreaking havoc. There is a symbol resembling the character Ω on each of the beast's two arms.
That glittering Meteorite that you've got there... Hmm... It's sure giving off some vibes. I'd keep a tight hold on it if I were you, along with that shard I just gave you.
