Yaaay! Finally, we all got to appear together!
<var>! Let me introduce you! This is my uncle, Wallace. Uncle Wallace, this is the boygirl I was telling you about!
<var>! Let me introduce you! This is my uncle, Wallace. Uncle Wallace, this is the boygirl I was telling you about!
No introductions necessary, Lisia. I would say that <var> and I... know each other quite well already.
Huh? You do? Oh! I get it! You ARE a Gym Leader after all, Uncle Wallace. So you guys battled before?
HShe defeated me when we battled. And if that were not enough, she is also a great Trainer who carried out splendid deeds for Hoenn. That is who <var> is.
You appear to be well. Lisia has been so enraptured by the contest spectacles that I felt compelled to see them for myself. It has been many years since I last took part in the likes of a contest... And here I find you once more.
It is not only in my own Gym that you have defeated me, but you have bested me in contests as well. It seems I still have much to learn...
Did you know... It was I who first instructed Lisia in the ways of Pokémon contests. Somewhere along the way, it appears my little niece has surpassed her teacher. It seems I still have much to learn...
I managed to seize victory from you and Lisia today, but it was no easy thing. It seems there is still more for me to learn...
I certainly failed to show off my abilities today. Perhaps I've been away too many years...
Never mind, Uncle Wall! We had fun and that's what matters!
I suppose you're right.
<var>, I'm sure you've grown to understand this already. No matter whether you stand in a Pokémon Gym or Contest Hall, a Trainer who holds to hiser belief in the Pokémon beside himer... The Pokémon that battles on, believing in the Trainer with whom it stands together... The settings may differ, but their labors come to fruition in a way that honors their bond! There is equal beauty in both!
That's a lovely thought, Uncle Wall. Really wonderful!
Yes... And confoundingly elegant!
And so very, very...
...Glorious!
You two have shown yourselves to be fine Trainers, with bright futures ahead of you.
What is it?
Tell me about Lisia.
So you did contests?
Nothing, really...
Lisia is the daughter of my elder sister and does not live in Sootopolis any longer. She was tucked safely away during that infamous incident, so she would probably be quite shocked to learn your part in it.
Yes, I once tried my hand at contests. But Lisia has a natural talent for them that greatly surpasses mine. She became an idol almost overnight. As a result, I was able to apply myself fully to my role as Gym Leader. After this, I almost feel as though I should give contests another try. Or perhaps I should steal the title of Pokémon League Champion from you. That could be quite amusing...
I imagine Steven must be gnashing his teeth over missing today's Contest Spectacular.
'Sup?
Tell me more about Wallace.
So about these contests...
Nothing, really...
Oh, yeah, you battled Uncle Wall, right? Is he really as strong as they say? All his friends seem to be super-strong Trainers, too. Like that one guy obsessed with stones, or that Trainer who looks like a star... Hmm. And you still beat him. I guess that means that... You really are amazing, <var>!
Oh, yeah, you battled Uncle Wall, right? Is he really as strong as they say? All his friends seem to be super-strong Trainers, too. Like that one guy obsessed with stones, or that Trainer who looks like a star... Hmm. And you still beat him. I guess that means that... You really are amazing, <var>!
Yeah, it was because I saw my uncle doing contests that I decided to try, too. He's my mentor. He taught me all about competing in contests! And Uncle Wall has a mentor of his own, named Juan... I wonder if someone will ever look up to me as a mentor. Who knows?
Today's contest sure was fun!
