Tee hee... I lost!
<var>, you and your Pokémon have already gone beyond our reach. You were totally amazing out there. And you've got tons of fans, too! You're a force to be reckoned with!
<var>, you and your Pokémon have already gone beyond our reach. You were totally amazing out there. And you've got tons of fans, too! You're a force to be reckoned with!
I said the other day that I wondered what made you so special... I think I've got a better idea now what it is.
I said the other day that I wondered what made you so special... I think I've got a better idea now what it is.
See... It's probably 'cause you don't do just contests, <var>... You're out there filling your Pokédex, taking on Pokémon Gyms, and all kinds of other things! You and your Pokémon shared all those experiences... That's why you can show off the real appeal of your Pokémon better than any one of us can!
See... It's probably 'cause you don't do just contests, <var>... You're out there filling your Pokédex, taking on Pokémon Gyms, and all kinds of other things! You and your Pokémon shared all those experiences... That's why you can show off the real appeal of your Pokémon better than any one of us can!
I've started thinking that I should do the same, Gyms and Pokédex and all.
My, my, my. If that's the case, then I'll be your rival in each of those as well!
Oh, Chaz! Did you come to say congratulations, too?
Would I do that? I still don't see that this little squirt has anything special in the way of skills. Humph! I might beat you myself one of these days, Lisia. And then I'd be just as good! The only reason I'm here is to tell this upstart to watch out, because I'm next! Macherie, would you open the box?
Hee hee hee! Truth is you're happy she won, huh? But if you really want to beat me...
Then that means I have to beat all the Master Rank contests. I know. I've decided to put Macherie in the Toughness Contest. Macherie is cute, and even if she gets tougher, she'll always be cute! She's my adorable Macherie, after all!
Machi!
It seems like she wants to try it out. When I watched <var> winning contest after contest like that, I realized it was time to let go of my stupid hang-ups.
Chaz, that's...
Anyway! Since we've decided to go for it, me and Macherie are going all out in toughness training from now on! We'll challenge Gyms and do whatever it takes! We're headed for some strength training right after this, in fact...
Hey, Chaz. It's workout time!
Yo! Yessir! We'll be right there, Brawly, sir!
Oh, it's you? I didn't know you knew Chaz.
I've never watched a contest before, but if you and Chaz are in it, I should watch at least one contest! OK, Chaz, let's go!
Yessir!
Maaachi!
"I'm going to go get tougher, and then I'll come back—so please wait for me, Ali! I've been acting like a fool... I thought just being near you was all I needed to be happy, but... We're each other's best rivals, right? So let's put everything into it! Hee hee!" ...Th-that's what Macherie said, that sweet girl of mine!
Alalala...
"Yes! Give it your all! Don't stop till you drop!" That's what Ali wants to say. Right, Ali?
Aliii?!
You two understand what Pokémon are saying? That's incredible! OK. Now we're really leaving!
That Chaz... He's a pretty good guy after all.
Now it's time you let me give you a little something, too! This marks the final chapter in the brilliant story of <var>!
Now it's time you let me give you a little something, too! This marks the final chapter in the brilliant story of <var>!
"A Light That Never Dies! The Glittering Contest Star!"
Here, use this to brighten up your life! It's a special gift for a fantastic contest star!
I'm so glad that you're the one I scouted that day, <var>! I'm so glad I'm a contest idol! I really hope you're as happy as I am about making it this far.
I'm so glad that you're the one I scouted that day, <var>! I'm so glad I'm a contest idol! I really hope you're as happy as I am about making it this far.
I'm going to keep trying hard at different things! And then I'm going to evolve the contest scene into something even greater than it is now! So I'm going to count on you to help, Misters Number-One-Star-in-Hoenn!
Impressive contest skills... Equally impressive battle skills... <var>, I've gotta tell my uncle about making friends with a star like you! He's great at contests and battling, too! You've gotta meet him, <var>!
Impressive contest skills... Equally impressive battle skills... <var>, I've gotta tell my uncle about making friends with a star like you! He's great at contests and battling, too! You've gotta meet him, <var>!
Ali-ti-ti!
