Eek! That's so cooooool!
Gratz on making it to Super Rank, <var>!
Gratz on making it to Super Rank, <var>!
Looks like we've reached the next chapter in your story! I'm calling it...
Looks like we've reached the next chapter in your story! I'm calling it...
"Is This a Dream? Am I a Future Contest Star?"
Ahhhh, it's so marvelous! I'm sure you're on the path to contest stardom! You'll be a star, <var>!
Ahhhh, it's so marvelous! I'm sure you're on the path to contest stardom! You'll be a star, <var>!
Thanks!
I don't think so...
Of course! There's something captivating about your performance on stage. I bet you'll have an army of fans in no time! Watch out!
Of course! There's something captivating about your performance on stage. I bet you'll have an army of fans in no time! Watch out!
Tee hee! I'm afraid it's not up to you to decide if you're a star, <var>... It's the fans who get to decide, and then you're a star, whether you like it or not! I might become one of your fans myself!
Tee hee! I'm afraid it's not up to you to decide if you're a star, <var>... It's the fans who get to decide, and then you're a star whether you like it or not! I might become one of your fans myself!
Hmph! Good luck waiting for me to be your fan!
Chaz!
Who is this supposed to be, Lisia? I'm meant to be your one and only rival!
Now look here. Maybe you don't know this, but me and Lisia are the most famous rivals in the contest world! When we debuted together back in Lilycove, we stood at the top of the lighthouse and swore that we would both do our best to win! We talked the whole night, till dawn! Well, actually, we talked for about 40 minutes, but it was still amazing!
Come on, Chaz! How many times do I have to tell you that there are no rivals in contests? It's not that kind of a competition! It's the combination of the Trainer and his or her Pokémon that—
What's wrong with being rivals? It makes it more fun for the people watching us. Don't try to deny it! When people think of you, they think of me. And the other way around!
When they think of me, they should think of Ali...
Well, that's just the way things are. You get it now, newbie? Sorry that you got your hopes up and all, but Lisia's real rival will always be ME. There's no room for you in our dramatic story of success and glory!
Oh, that Chaz! He never listens! Don't mind him, <var>. I'm not interested in rivals or stuff like that. I just want everyone to have fun together and enjoy Contest Spectaculars!
Oh, that Chaz! He never listens! Don't mind him, <var>. I'm not interested in rivals or stuff like that. I just want everyone to have fun together and enjoy Contest Spectaculars!
Yeah? What is it, <var>?
Yeah? What is it, <var>?
Tell me about Ali.
So about Chaz...
Nothing, really.
Some people say that "Ali" sounds like a girl's name, but my Ali is definitely a boy! I always think Ali's the cutest, but there's more to him than that. When it comes to contests, Ali really shines! We've been doing our best together ever since he was a Swablu. I hope we'll be partners forever!
About Chaz... He's a Trainer who made his debut in the contest world the same day I did. He's definitely a bit, um, unique... But he works really hard at what he does.
Then I guess I'll look forward to your next performance!
Alilili!
