Yo, how's it going, Champ-to-be <var>?
Sootopolis's Gym Leader Wallace is a master of Water-type Pokémon. As you make your way to Wallace, the icy floor will hamper your progress.
Just between you and me... Walk on each floor panel just once. That's the trick! Be careful, and go for it!
Yow! You've beaten Wallace, who was supposedly the best in all of Hoenn! OK! Check out your Trainer Card. If you've gotten all the Badges, you're set for the Pokémon League challenge!
























Allow me to formally introduce myself.
I am Wallace. The Gym Leader of Sootopolis City.
There's something about you... A difference in your demeanor...
I think I sense that in you.
What happened inside the Cave of Origin, and what you did there... Our upcoming battle will make that all clear.
Now, show me. Show me the power you wield with your Pokémon.
And I, in turn, shall present you...
with a performance of illusions in water...
by me and my Pokémon!

I realize now your authenticity and magnificence as a Pokémon Trainer.
I find much joy in having met you and your Pokémon.
You have proven yourself worthy of the Rain Badge.
Accept it.
<var> received the Rain Badge from Wallace.
Having that Badge assures you full obedience of all your Pokémon to every command you make.
And so you never forget the battle we shared...
Here...
The HM I have given you contains Waterfall. It allows you to smash into an opponent with the force required to climb a waterfall itself. Yes, it is a mighty move... And yet it also has a certain elegance and can sometimes cause opponents to flinch.
Now, with the power of the Rain Badge, you will become able to use this HM move, Waterfall, to scale walls of cascading water.
Many paths are open to you now.
One path would take you to the Pokémon League. It is the goal that all Trainers in Hoenn aspire to reach after obtaining all eight Gym Badges. If that is the path you chose, then you must find your way to the island said to be the most remote in Hoenn: Ever Grande.
But if it is a different path you seek, and you would rather pursue Pokémon and a completed Pokédex... The rumors that reach me on the wind whisper that Professor Birch in Littleroot has created a more powerful Pokédex. Visit him, obtain this new technology, and I have little doubt you will encounter more diverse Pokémon than ever before. ...I will hope that a bright future waits for you, whatever path it is you choose.


Sootopolis City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Wallace Certified Trainers: Wally
Sootopolis City Pokémon Gym Gym Leader: Wallace Certified Trainers: Wally, <var>
You have even surpassed Steven... I am disappointed at my inability to find any fitting words to offer you—you, standing now at the summit of all Hoenn Trainers. I look forward to the day when we battle once again.
