<var>! Wow, it's a relief to see you in one piece!
Oh, well, you know... The last time I saw you was right after battling those Team Whatsit people... So I was a bit worried, thinking about what might have happened to you after that, <var>...
...What? You battled them AGAIN after that? And you BEAT them! You really are something else, <var>. I-I mean, you and your team are. I'm pretty impressed by you all! And that pretty stone that's sparkling there... Is that the Meteorite you got back from them?
Oh, that's right! Here! Here! I've been thinking of giving these to you.
If you put on those Go-Goggles, you'll be all set heading into the desert on Route 111.
...Oh! And isn't that— That's Lavaridge's Gym Badge! So you beat Flannery, too? I guess you really are training your Pokémon right...
Next up will be challenging your dad, Norman, in Petalburg, right?
I'm headed to Petalburg's Gym next myself...
Do you want to go back together? Back to Petalburg?
Aye aye! Then let's hit the road!
Oh, yeah? Well, I'll still be here in Lavaridge for a while, so find me if you think you'd like a little company on the road after all.
<var>, hey! So you were all right, huh?
Oh, well, you know... The last time I saw you, you were mixed up with those "Team Whatsit" people... So I just wondered if you'd gotten back on the road after that. It was, like, I don't know... I guess I was a bit...worried?
What? You battled them AGAIN after that? And you even managed to beat them? You really are something else, <var>... You and your Pokémon. Your team. And that...that sparkle there... Is that the Meteorite you got back from them?
...Oh, right! I forgot to give you these before.
Keep those with you if you're planning on going into that desert near Route 111. There should be some Pokémon that only make their habitat in the desert, you know. You might check 'em out—if you're up to it.
And... Huh? You got the Lavaridge Badge! So you even beat Flannery, huh? Looks like you've been taking proper care of your Pokémon.
Guess that means...that you'll be headed to Petalburg City next, huh? To challenge your dad at his Gym?
W-well, if you are... I just happened to be thinking of going to Petalburg myself, so...
How about it? Wanna go back to Petalburg together?
Y-yeah? Then let's hit it!
O-oh... Yeah, I get it... But, well, I'll probably still be here in Lavaridge for a while. So if you decide to head for Petalburg, um, let me know.
I have here an Egg. I'd hoped to hatch it by covering it in hot sand by the hot springs. But that doesn't seem to be enough... I've heard it would be best if it were kept together with Pokémon and carried about.
You are a Trainer, yes? And your Pokémon radiate vitality. So, what say you? Will you take this Egg to hatch?
Good! I hope you'll walk plenty with this here Egg!
<var> received the Egg.
Oh. You have too many Pokémon. Talk to me again when you have room for this Egg.
As you wish, then... If you have a change of heart about hatching this Egg, I will be here.
Every so often, an Egg will be found at the Pokémon Day Care. Or at least that's how the rumor goes.
Your Pokémon radiate vitality as usual. What say you? Will you take another Egg to hatch?
We draw as much hot water as we need, and yet the hot springs never run dry. Isn't it magical? These hot springs appear near active volcanoes. Veins of water under the ground are heated by magma to well up as hot springs.
I was buried in this hot sand, enjoying the heavenly warmth of a sand bath. I was just thinking I could really get used to this, when a Pokémon went and nipped my backside! Gyahhh!
Oh, you like hot springs, do you? That's surprising for one as young as you.
I bathe in the hot springs every day. I want to become a beautiful and strong Gym Leader like Flannery.
If people put Pokémon in hot springs, the results could be seriously strange. It might create a bubble bath or even a lava bath!
They're claiming that these hot springs are good to calm nervous tensions, relax aching muscles, solve romantic problems, and attract money...
Lavaridge Town Pokémon Center Hot Springs An excellent place for relaxing!
Lavaridge Town Pokémon Gym Leader: Flannery One with a fiery passion that burns!
Pokémon Herb Shop Bitter taste, better cure!
Dance and soul make power! Soul is way of karate for me! You understand, yes?
OK! OK! You good kid!
Oh... I so sad and wretched... You take this and you understand way of karate of me, fool Trainer!
Suh-words Dance! You use soulful dance for to make power of Pokémon go up, up! It is the way of karate I seek!


There's an invisible obstacle in your way.
Would you like to use the Devon Scope?
<var> slipped the Devon Scope on.
A previously invisible Pokémon became visible to the naked eye!
The startled Pokémon attacked!
