The door is closed.
Diving in the sea. Climbing up and down stairs all the time... If you live in this town, you end up getting physically fit.
I've never been out of this city. I wonder what the world is like on the other side of this round sky...

Sootopolis is a city located in the center of a crater created by a big fallen meteoroid. If you look up at the sky, the lip of the crater is also visible. So all you see is a circle of sky. But that's what makes the sky above Sootopolis the most beautiful.
<var>!
<var>!
So you did come... I have been waiting for you. ... What terrible heat... It feels as though the entire world will be burnt away...
So you did come... I have been waiting for you. ... What terrible rain... It feels as though the entire world will be washed away...
Ah, yes. You need to hear what my friend has to say.
My name is Wallace. I'm this town's Gym Leader. I've also been entrusted with the protection of the Cave of Origin.
This drought is being caused by a power emanating from the Cave of Origin.
This downpour is being caused by a power emanating from the Cave of Origin.
That is the Blue Orb.
That is the Red Orb.
I see. Follow me.
This sunlight... People and Pokémon need sunlight to live... So why does this sunlight fill us with so much dread?
This rain... People and Pokémon need water to live... So why does this rain fill us with so much dread?
The blazing sun over Sootopolis is growing even more intense... Soon all of Hoenn will be caught under its withering glare...
The rain clouds massing over Sootopolis keep building... Soon they will extend over all of Hoenn...
If that were to happen...

Let me guess, you're going to challenge Wallace? Oh, you are really? You're awfully brave!
Let me guess, you've beaten Wallace! Oh, you did, really? Maybe I'll become your fan!
Hm! You've come all the way to Sootopolis? You're no ordinary tourist. But I suppose that doesn't make you an extraordinary tourist, either.
A circle of the night sky framed by the ring of a crater created by a meteoroid... And in that ring, stars flicker and blink as if they were alive... It's my favorite scenery.
Hunh? Where is my house?
Sootopolis City Pokémon Gym Leader: Wallace Artist and lover of Water.
Sootopolis City The mystical city where history slumbers.
Hi. What's your name?
Hi. What's your name?
... OK. That's nice! My name is Kiri. My mommy and daddy named me that so I would grow healthy and warmhearted. That's what they wished.
You can have one of these.
You can have one of these.
Kiri will give you this Berry, too! I really like it lots!
Kiri will give you this Berry, too! I really like it lots!
I wonder what kind of wish is included in your name.
I wonder what kind of wish is included in your name.
Spring, summer, autumn, and winter. If you're born in springtime, do you like the spring, and if you're born in the summer, do you like the summer?
Kiri was born in the autumn, so I love the autumn!
Which season do you like?
Which season do you like?
Oh... It doesn't matter... There's so much that I want to know...
Yay! I can climb up and down stairs as much as I like!
The round sky started smiling! Thank you!
We can look up at the sky again without worrying. It's all thanks to you.
Thank you for saving our city! I feel good vibes from you. Just like I feel good vibes from Wallace. No. Maybe even more!
Oh! Oh! You don't have to say anything. I know! Sootopolis was saved, all thanks to you! Thank you very much!
The sky is full of energy, so I'm full of energy, too!
