Mossdeep has many clear days, and its wind patterns are stable. That's why it's an ideal location for launching rockets into space.



Professor Cozmo! It's... It's a disaster!
The meteoroid's trajectory— it's suddenly changed direction! Now it's on a collision course with our planet!
WHAT? Recheck the data! Update the course calculations and confirm the new trajectory!
Target locked on! Confirming the meteoroid's new expected trajectory now...
According to the numbers, it should make impact... Somewhere southwest of Sootopolis, on a small island off Route 131!
But changing trajectories midflight... It's almost like it's alive.
But Professor, what should we do? WHAT DO WE DO?!
Calm yourself, man!
Y-y-yessir...
...Hmmn. So it's come to this.
Professor Cozmo. If I may interrupt you...
Ah, <var>! Thank you for coming! And you brought the Meteorite Shard with you. Well done!
Oh! <var>! Thank you for coming! And you brought the Meteorite Shard with you. Well done!
I was rather surprised to learn that you knew the professor. You really do seem to make connections everywhere you go.
Now then, Professor... Could I ask you to explain once more about the current plan?
Indeed... Please come this way.
I imagine that you've heard some of the situation from President Stone already. Our current plan involves using the Infinity Energy within our rocket, combined with the life energy of humans found in Key Stones... We will start off by artificially replicating the massive energy that is triggered at the time of Mega Evolution!
We will fire the energy produced from our rocket into space...
As a matter of fact, this technology already exists and has been incorporated in some of our commonly used devices.
An audacious plan... And using such technology you would... May I ask where exactly the asteroid will be warped to?
Well. We're not entirely sure, but... We do have a device that links the warp holes. We've named it the Link Cable.
But there's no need to worry. Based on our theory, we can at least guarantee that we will be sending it away from our planet. However, we've realized that we will need more energy than originally anticipated to control the Link Cable properly... I'm sorry to ask this of you, but with one more Meteorite Shard...
Nice! So this is the heart of the famous Space Center everyone talks about! Pretty impressive, huh, Aster?
Mur mur mur!
Excuse me! Young lady! You can't just let yourself in here!
Oh? Where's the harm in it? Don't be such a stick-in-the-mud! ♪
...Right?
Ugh...
Who...are you? You're no sightseer...
Oh me, we do seem to keep running into one another.
You are a busy boy, <var>.
You are a busy gal, <var>.
Wh-who are you?! What're you doing here?!
Me? I'm Zinnia. Just your regular ol' tourist, nothing more. Dreaming of taking a little trip into space... Heh.
Oh, I seeeeee... So this is what has come of human technology and of hope and blood and sweat and tears and... Well, the list gets kinda long and boring. But it contains everything, huh?
I know all about it. About just what kinda energy you're using to fuel this rocket thing... The abominable technology humanity first thought up 3,000 years ago...
So you're once again planning to claim that this is best for humanity, or best for the whole darn world... It's a snap of your fingers to repeat the sins of the past. Worse, if what I overheard is true... This time, you're about to commit an error more abominable than before!
Tell me, would you rather we sit here wringing our hands, waiting for that meteoroid to strike us?
Ahahahaha! What's up with that? You're a pretty simple guy for a former Pokémon League Champion.
Then I guess I'll hang my hopes on what our current Champion will have to say.
So how about it, <var>?
So how about it, <var>?
What do you think? Do you have some better idea?
You bet I do!
I've got nothing...
Oooh! Really? Well, that's promising... You'll have to tell me so we can set these guys straight.
Really? Too bad. Guess I was expecting more than I should have from you. Hey, that's fine, though. That's pretty normal.
Look, I'm not here to criticize the way you guys are looking at this. But I want to be sure you've thought this through well and good. You know, there are necessary sacrifices, and there are unnecessary sacrifices. What a disappointment! This is the best you could do with all your knowledge and technology? Instead of trying to make something outta nothing, you'd rather repeat the mistakes of the past, straight up? No, you're gonna add new mistakes on top—that really takes the cake.
You guys need some imagination.
...
Oops! But you were all in the middle of a conversation or something, right? Sorry about that.
I guess we'll just let ourselves out, then.
C'mon, Aster.
Mur mur mur!
... Who was that woman? And the way she spoke to us... It's almost as if she came here for some kind of confirmation...
Ah, Professor, forgive me. I believe you were trying to tell us something before that woman interrupted us?
Uh... Yes... Ah, you see... In order to complete the warp hole, we will need another Meteorite Shard, an extremely pure one...
Then should we head to Granite Cave once again?
No... The kind of Meteorite Shard we need this time can only be found at Meteor Falls.
Meteor Falls! I see... Perhaps we will learn something there...
I will head to Meteor Falls at once. Follow as soon as you are ready. I feel we might discover even more than a Meteorite Shard there...
I think we will be able to complete our preparations if we can get a Meteorite Shard from Meteor Falls. Young Steven has already set out. I trust you'll follow after him...
Your timing is impeccable as always, <var>.
Your timing is impeccable as always, <var>.
Team Magma...
Team Aqua...
What do you intend to do with that device? You do realize that this is the last hope we have of saving this planet?
... Last...hope?
What was that? What? Last hope?!
... Ha ha. ♪
Hrmm... Ermm, haha...
Ahahaha! ♪ Ahahahaha haha! ♪ ♪ ♪ Ahahahaha hahahahahahaha! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
Mwahahahaho!
... My team... The team I put all my hope into...
... I ain't laughin' one bit. ...Punk.
Leader Maxie... was broken.
My bro... My bro whom I loved so much...
He was broken! He was broken by this brat!
Are you trying to tell me that everything we've done up till now... The ties that bind us... all of it was a mistake? My bro has changed since he got mixed up with you!
How convenient it must be for you to put all the blame on another.
Grrr... Shut up! Enough! I've had enough of this world!
Shut it! I... I'm...
Aha! ♪ I know... ♪ Inside that rocket is the same amount— no, even more—Pokémon life energy than what powered the ultimate weapon in the war 3,000 years ago.
Know what? That rocket's full of crazy amounts of energy! It's even more awesome than the ultimate weapon that ended the war 3,000 years ago, right?
Wha—?!
Ahaha! ♪ I think we're in for an impact so big it will surpass the massive explosion that ended that war!
If I use this Key Stone I found at Meteor Falls, I can force the energy inside the rocket to explode... It'd be like Mega Evolution for the rocket! Muwahahaha!
I don't know what all this talk of a meteoroid is, but I have no need of it. Here, by my own hand... I'll make this rocket explode... And bring an end to this world...
Who needs a meteoroid? I'm gonna bring an end to all things with my own power!
I will...fix...Project AZOTH! Of course, I'll also destroy this dimensional shifter that's supposed to warp the asteroid away someplace, too. ♪
The one who will complete Project AZOTH and take the world back to its beginnings... is me!
...<var>.
...<var>.
This fool! This incredible fool really intends to do it! If we don't stop this now, our whole world will be embroiled in the destruction!
You're ready to battle...aren't you?
... Fine. I understand. You take things as seriously as ever. I suppose I should not expect less.
...Wonderful!
Don't. Get. In. My. Way.
Hoo hah! I'm gonna smash you up!
Why? Why must...you always... Always, always, always, always... Get...in...my...way!
Whoa... Ohh... Ohhh...
Darn! Dang it...
Dang it! Am I not good enough, bro?!
...
...<var>! Now is our chance! Take the dimensional shifter and—
...<var>! Now is our chance! Take the dimensional shifter and—
Mumumurrr!
Huh?!
Wha—?!
Aster snatched the dimensional shifter away from Courtney!
Aster snatched the dimensional shifter away from Matt!
That Pokémon... Doesn't it belong to...
???: Nice one, Aster!
You're the—!
The Draconid, yup. Or you could just call me Zinnia.
Aster!
Murrr!
Thank you, dear.
Now then...
That is an impressive machine. Snap your fingers, the asteroid vanishes, and we all live happily ever after?
Ahahahah! Indeed! It's like that former Champ said! This thing is the best hope we have of saving this planet and everything on it.
But you know...
It could also be the worst tragedy imaginable for some other world and everything on it.
...What are you trying to say?
I'm not talking to you. You don't get it.
Ugh...
But you, <var>...
But you, <var>...
Hope for our world... Tragedy for another... You get it, don't you?
I do.
I don't.
And you come through again! You never disappoint me.
I suppose not. I'm not that surprised. It's pretty normal you wouldn't.
My people know it. From generation to generation, we pass along the lore about the distortions in the world borne by the Mega Evolution mechanism. And about the existence of another world, which we have long observed to be just like this one and yet not the same...
That's right. A Hoenn region that's almost exactly like this one we live in. Filled with Pokémon and people like us. A world where maybe the evolution of Pokémon took a slightly different path, where Mega Evolution is unknown... A world where that war 3,000 years ago...never happened. A world where the ultimate weapon was never even built. And in that Hoenn of that world...
What would happen if one day, out of the blue, a meteoroid appeared? What would happen to the people of that world, without the technology to destroy the meteoroid or the power to warp it away?
... Looks like it's beyond the power of your imagination.
Zinnia crushed the dimensional shifter in her hand!
What kind of fool are you! You have no substantive proof, and yet you claim another world, one just like our own, exists? Out of this fantasy, you—you have destroyed our only hope!
What have...you done...
Farewell, brief hope...
Y-you! Do you even know— Now what are we to do?!
Calm down there, Prof.
It'll be OK. I... We... We can protect this world...and the other.
Who exactly is "we"? What are your intentions?
Oh yeah! Silly me... I forgot the other thing I came for.
Wha-what...
?!
Zinnia snatched the Key Stone away from Courtney!
Zinnia snatched the Key Stone away from Matt!
Wha... Errgh!
Wha... Errgh!
And that's the Key Stone gotten... Now I'll put it together with the Key Stone they've got in their base...
Murrr!
Looks like my next appointment is calling, so I'll excuse myself now.



Later!
Murrr!
Our...leader... Leader Maxie's... Key Stone. Is she trying... to steal it?! No...no...
Th-that punk! How dare she try to take my bro Archie's Key Stone?! Not cool, man! Not cool!
Confound it all... So she must be making for Team Aqua's hideout next...
Confound it all... So she must be making for Team Magma's hideout next...
Ah... That's it. That woman... That "Zinnia"... She mentioned the Sky Pillar. Few can enter it—only the successors of the ancient world, who know of what has been... The Lorekeepers who are tasked with passing on that knowledge to those who come after...
<var>! I have been expecting you!
<var>! I have been expecting you!
Do you remember Wallace, whom you met in Sootopolis?
Is that right? That is a relief.
Is that right? That's rather sad for Wallace...
The Gym Leader of Sootopolis, Wallace, should know how to undo the seal on the Sky Pillar's entrance. He is also one of the few humans to have inherited such ancient lore.
I will remain here and work with the professor and his team to devise a plan for what to do next. That woman...Zinnia... I cannot put my faith in her. We will think of a new way to stop the meteoroid on our own.
Zinnia...and the Sky Pillar... I will leave them in your hands. I will send a message to Wallace for you, so he knows to help. You will probably find him in the Cave of Origin in Sootopolis.
... Leave me alone...
Sniffle... Blech... Gross...
M-Miss...Courtney... You don't have to act tough in front of me...
Matt... I'll stay by your side...
This is no time to lose heart! I've somehow got to find a way to repair the dimensional shifter!
There's an array of computers. They look expensive. The monitors show numbers scrolling rapidly.
The energy reading appears to be diffusing!
W-we can confirm that the meteoroid has been destroyed, sir!
Puh... P-P-P-P-P-P-Professor!
The meteoroid! The meteoroid—it's—! Thank the powers above! It's—!
Calm yourself, man!
Oh, who am I kidding! I'm so happy, I could kiss you! We did it! We actually did it! Wahahahaha! Success is ours!
Hahahaha...ha... Hah...
Thank you, <var>.
Thank you, <var>.
Oh my goodness! Hello again!
We all wanted to thank you for what you did! Because of you, our world has been saved!
Quite so. No matter how much we thank you, it could not possibly suffice. We do indeed thank you most heartily!
My assistant here will show you the latest test results.
Oh, quite so! Wonderful idea.
We've continued studying the meteoroid that threatened us, and we've learned something.
When you faced that falling meteoroid... Did you perhaps encounter a certain Pokémon?
Extrapolating from the energy readings we observed seems to show evidence of the Mythical Pokémon that lives in space: Deoxys.
When we try to track its biological signal, it seems to have merged with the meteoroid at some point during its approach. We have come to the conclusion that it was purposefully aiming for Hoenn.
As for what could have drawn it to Hoenn in company with that meteoroid... Well, we haven't yet found a plausible reason to explain that aspect.
But at the very least, we do not believe Deoxys has come to destroy Hoenn... Nor to harm this world.
What reason could Deoxys have to seek out the Hoenn region? We will continue to investigate that topic.
If you learn anything new about Deoxys, please let us know at your earliest convenience.
Ah, yes. There is one more thing we can tell you. We have detected the biological signals of Deoxys here in the Hoenn region, as well. We were able to track it to somewhere around Route 131, but that's as precise as we could get. If you're curious, perhaps you could look into it.










Hm... You know, seeing that white beauty there that you travel with... I'm reminded of the Legendary Pokémon Rayquaza, said to descend at the Sky Pillar. I once had the chance to see it face to face. Although, it was a long time ago now... The young man who battled against Rayquaza beside me... I wonder whatever happened to him and that black Charizard of his... Well, regardless—you must go to the Sky Pillar and see what waits for you there. I don't know what you'll find. Be careful.
And create a "warp hole."
By creating a warp hole in the path of the incoming meteoroid, we hope to be able to transport it somewhere far away from here.
I think you know what I mean. Those panels that spin you about and then out you come, warped to another spot. I imagine you've stepped on a few such?
And yet... I feel as though I should know her from...somewhere.
Think, Steven. Think! What to do, what to do...
<var> handed over the Meteorite Shard to Professor Cozmo!
That girl who passed by... I was petrified by the overwhelming strength that I could feel from her!
Problems just keep popping up one after another... We're supposed to be carving out a bright new future with power of science, but... but this mess... Sigh...
I got the Meteorite Shard from young Steven. Now if we can just harness this energy and complete our device!
