Yo, how's it going, Champ-to-be <var>?
The Gym Leaders here use Psychic-type Pokémon. If you go up against them with Fighting- or Poison-type Pokémon, they'll do horrible damage to your Pokémon!
They'll come at you with outstanding combination attacks! If you want to win, you'll need to show them how tight you are with your Pokémon. Go for it!
Wow, you're astounding! You're one great Trainer!


















Heh heh heh... Were you surprised?
Tee hee hee... Were you surprised?
That there are two Gym Leaders?
That there are two Gym Leaders?
We're twins!
We're twins!
We don't need to talk because...
...we can each tell...
...what the other is thinking...
...all in our minds!
This combination of ours...
Can you beat it?

It can't be helped. You've won...
...so take this in recognition!
<var> received the Mind Badge from Liza and Tate.
The Mind Badge has the power to make all Pokémon up to Level 80, including those you've received from other people, obey you!
It also enables Pokémon to use the HM move called Dive!
And take this, too!
Calm Mind...
...comes from relaxing your mind and concentrating.
Pokémon's Sp. Atk and...
...Pokémon's Sp. Def...
...will be heightened by this move!
It's a perfect move for Psychic-type Pokémon!
Looks like the bond between you and your Pokémon is far stronger than the bond we share as twins... But you'll go on from here to form even more bonds! That's the future I see for you!
There may be a harsh ordeal ahead for you and your Pokémon... But that's all right! You and your Pokémon aren't alone! You have each other! That's why we want you to face whatever troubles may come your way head-on and full of courage!
Oh, you only have...
...one Pokémon to battle.
Then we can't battle you!
We want to battle you, so please bring more Pokémon!
Mossdeep City Pokémon Gym Leaders: Liza and Tate Certified Trainers: Wally
Mossdeep City Pokémon Gym Leaders: Liza and Tate Certified Trainers: Wally, <var>
I sensed that you had become the Champion! It seems that your bonds with your Pokémon have grown stronger and deeper since last we battled. Liza and I will both train even more so that we may battle you head-on again someday!
I sensed that you had become the Champion! It seems that your bonds with so many people have grown stronger and deeper since last we battled. Tate and I will both train even harder so that we may battle you in earnest again someday!
