Welcome to Lilycove Museum. Please take the time to enjoy our collection of fantastic artwork featuring Pokémon.





I'm the curator of this museum of fine arts. Well, aren't they all fantastic pieces of art with history? Huh? The second floor? Well... I've been thinking about displaying something different— something more lively—on the second floor.
It's a very old painting. The paint is peeling here and there.
It's an odd landscape with bizarre and fantastic scenery.
It's a painting of a beautiful, smiling woman with a Pokémon on her lap.
It's a painting of a Legendary Pokémon from long ago. The artist painted this from their imagination.
It's a painting of Grass-type Pokémon in a breeze. They appear to be enjoying the wind's gentle caress.
It's a delicious-looking painting of Berries. This painting could make you hungry!
It's a famous glass sculpture. It depicts an ancient bird Pokémon.
It's a big Poké Ball carved from a black stone. It was apparently used in festivals in the olden days.
It's a huge stone tablet inscribed with Pokémon and dense text in the small characters of an ancient, unreadable language.
Hmmm... What works of great magnificence...
Battling with Pokémon is fun, I'll grant you that. But one mustn't forget our love for the fine arts.
At this art museum...well, you can see many fantastic paintings. And the curator is a wonderful person. Among artists like myself, this museum is an inspiration.
This lady is pretty! She's like Mommy!
This Pokémon is adorable! Just like our little boy!
I'd heard that this art museum got a new painting. So naturally I hurried over. Is the new painting up on the second floor?
Lately, the curator has been unusually cheerful. I bet something good happened for him. Definitely.
I aim to see many great paintings here and learn from them. I have this dream of one day having my artwork exhibited here.
The art museum has become a favorite tourist destination. It's great for Lilycove... No, great for the Hoenn region! This is what I've heard—a lone Trainer is responsible for all the paintings upstairs.
I asked this museum to display my art, but they turned me down! What kind of museum doesn't appreciate my art? Yeesh. Anyway, how about you? Are you interested in my art?
Oh! You're the one who appreciates my art! I know! You're interested in buying another piece of my art today, right?
Fine. We artists are lonely by nature.
Yay! I'm so glad that I finally met a Trainer who appreciates art! I'll specially sell my art for $100,000 a piece to you. Which one are you interested in?
Paradoxical Popper
Meditative Seat
Heterarchical Loop
Not interested...
A Paradoxical Popper! There's no point in just selling it. Let me talk about my thought behind this art first. ... You suddenly feel empty! You wonder if you're worthy in this world. You worry that you may be forgotten without producing anything. You feel living may be meaningless! But you still live! Finally, you'll discover the limitless possibilities in yourself and in the life you thought was empty! This art represents that! I'll sell this to you for $100,000. Will you buy it?
A Meditative Seat! There's no point in just selling it. Let me talk about my thought behind this art first. ... What you are looking at now? Does it really exist? All may not exist! When you realize that! Your world will lose its light! And what you'll have is a void without light... But because of that, you feel it! You feel something with substance! You feel a powerful life! This art represents that! I'll sell this to you for $100,000. Will you buy it?
A Heterarchical Loop! There's no point in just selling it. Let me talk about my thought behind this art first. ... Do you have a bright future? Your next step... Will it really create your future as you wish? You get frightened! You may not escape from this chaos ever again! But no matter what kind of future awaits, you still nervously take a step wondering what kind of future unfolds! This art represents that! I'll sell this to you for $100,000. Will you buy it?
I'm thrilled! Thank you! Please display it.
You don't have enough money. I can't lower the price once I set it for my art. Sorry.
You've already bought enough of them! Quantity is not always better when it comes to art.
There are pamphlets that read "Welcome to Lilycove Museum" on the rack.
It's an old-style picture of a popular Trainer of the past.
It's a sculpture depicting Shroomish. It's created by an up-and-coming artist.
