Hm, so they doubled the guests by using Pokémon as attractions? Hm, well, maybe I should make a cute Pokémon our motel's mascot. I wonder if that will attract more guests to stay with us.
Oh, sorry, sorry! I was so absorbed in watching TV! Since that Team Aqua came to town, the tourists have been staying away.
Oh, sorry, sorry! I was so absorbed in watching TV! Since that Team Magma came to town, the tourists have been staying away.
Hey, down in front! I can't see the TV!
Amazing! A Pokémon found someone's lost item! That's cool. If we had some smart Pokémon like that, we could recover anything mislaid by our guests.
Oh, sorry, sorry! I was so absorbed in watching TV! I heard that someone busted the Team Aqua Hideout. Thanks to that, a big group made a reservation with us. It was a company called...uh... GAME something...
Oh, sorry, sorry! I was so absorbed in watching TV! I heard that someone busted the Team Magma Hideout. Thanks to that, a big group made a reservation with us. It was a company called...uh... GAME something...
Amazing! A house-sitting Pokémon caught a burglar? That's something. If we had a tough Pokémon as a security guard... We would be able to provide our guests with greater safety.
Oh, sorry, sorry! I was so absorbed in watching TV. Oh, yes. A big group of guests arrived a little while ago. They made a reservation as GAME FREAK, so I guess they must make games. Uh-oh, I'd better get working on their dinner!
Hey, hey! Don't go in there. That's our kitchen!
Whoa! What a surprise! I didn't know a Pokémon was here. Food has been disappearing lately, so I thought something was going on. This Pokémon shouldn't be living here without my permission. Harrumph! But, taking a closer look, this Pokémon seems cute, smart, and tough... Hey, you. Do you want to be our Pokémon? We provide three square meals a day.
Kec! Kecleeee!
I see! You want to be our Pokémon! I hope you'll do a great job as our mascot Pokémon! The fate of our motel depends on you!
Kec! Keclecleee!
Amazing! A house-sitting Pokémon caught a burglar? That's something. If we had a tough Pokémon as a security guard... Perhaps, we should start training our Pokémon to be able to provide our guests with greater security.
Oh, sorry, sorry! I was so absorbed in watching TV. Oh, yes. A big group of guests arrived a little while ago. They made a reservation as GAME FREAK, so I guess they must make games. Uh-oh, I'd better get working on their dinner with our Kecleon!
There's an invisible obstacle in your way.
Would you like to use the Devon Scope?
<var> slipped the Devon Scope on.
A previously invisible Pokémon became visible to the naked eye!
There are a lot of souvenir goods unique to Cove Lily in Lilycove.
