I'm Mr. Stone, the president of the Devon Corporation. I heard just now how we have quite a bit to thank you for. So you helped out my staff not just once, but twice! There's a favor I'd like to ask of a reliable Trainer like you.
Now I want you to know I'm a president you can trust. I'd never be so mean as to ask a favor for nothing in return. Here, give me your PokéNav Plus for a moment.
Mr. Stone updated your PokéNav Plus! You can now use the BuzzNav function on your PokéNav Plus!
The function that I just added to your PokéNav Plus is called BuzzNav. It is an indispensable tool for any Trainer who is traveling out in the world. Use it, and you'll be able to get the latest news from around the region and from your own friends, anytime and anyplace. Now let me get to the important issue of what it is I need you to do...
I want to ask you to deliver this Letter to a man named Steven. You should find him in Dewford.
You'll have to cross the sea to reach Dewford, of course. I'll ask Mr. Briney, the old sailor who lives in that hut on Route 104, to help with the crossing. Go find him, and he should agree to help you. I'm counting on you, young manlady! If you're ever unsure of what to do, just come and talk with me again!
Deliver that Letter to Steven in Dewford Town for me! You'll have to cross the sea to reach Dewford, of course. I'll ask Mr. Briney, the old sailor who lives in that hut on Route 104, to help with the crossing. Go find him, and he should agree to help you. I'm counting on you, young manlady!


Since my youth, I've immersed myself in work. Consequently, I'm not very familiar with recent trends and that sort of thing. Do all young people want to be Trainers and aim for the Pokémon League, I wonder?
This is the top floor of the Devon Corporation. Our president's office is on this floor. I can't tell you how grateful I am for what you've done for our company. Could you wait here for just a moment?
Our president would like to have a word with you. Please come with me.
Please, go ahead.
Mr. Briney is an old and dear friend of Mr. Stone's. The two of them, along with one other friend, used to travel all the corners of the world together in their youth.
Two of Devon's greatest-ever products, which took the world by storm! They are the Repeat Ball and Timer Ball!
It's a fancy display of all the rare stones the president has collected.
Dad...
<var> is here.
<var> is here.
Well, welcome, welcome. It's been quite a while... hasn't it?
Ho ho ho... I suppose I'm just getting old. Recently I seem to forget details just as soon as I learn them... Ho ho ho ho...
...Dad?
Ahem! Oh, I know. I know what you want to say. My, what a hasty, impatient one you are! What are we to do with such an impatient one for our Pokémon League Champion?
...Hm? Oh, is that so? So you're the new Champion, <var>?
...Hm? Oh, is that so? So you're the new Champion, <var>?
Then I guess we'll never break you of that impatience after all, Steven! Ho ho ho ho!
Dad!
Bah! I know... I know... Can't you take a joke...
Now then, <var>.
Now then, <var>.
I'm afraid that I'm planning to start in on a rather long and quite heavy topic.
Are you sure that you're ready to take all of it in?
I guess so...
Not really.
Hmph. Well, if you're not ready, then I guess that's that. When you do start to feel ready, come to talk to me again.
Hmm... Then I suppose I should begin. Let me first take us back 3,000 years, to the days when this story began...
There was a great war at that time, in a region far from here. That war was finally brought to an end by a weapon created by one man. And what energy source could power such a dreadful weapon? Do you know? You see... It ran on the life energy of Pokémon.
The energy that could be gained by the sacrifice of so many Pokémon... There are surely many people who would call it reprehensible. But my grandfather, the president of Devon before me, said this... "Couldn't we use the energy to improve the lives of people and Pokémon?" And so he developed our greatest creation here at the Devon Corporation: Infinity Energy.
Thanks to Infinity Energy, Devon was able to become one of the top industries in Hoenn and developed into the giant you see today. You may be surprised to learn that the Devon Parts you once recovered for us were in fact parts of a motor that would make it possible to power a submarine using Infinity Energy.
It was not long before we began to expand our attempts to further human development. Next, we moved into exploring space. The rockets launched from the Mossdeep Space Center using our Infinity Energy... They are the true results of our dreams, our passion, and our technology. But never did we imagine they could end up as the best hope for saving our world.
My preamble has been quite long, but we arrive at last at the real issue. That is the overwhelming catastrophe which now approaches us. A huge asteroid, more than six miles in diameter, is currently on track to collide with our planet.
We have been working together with the Mossdeep Space Center, which was first to recognize this danger. We are devising countermeasures that would use our rockets, but... In order for these plans to succeed, though, we need a Meteorite Shard.
So that's it... You want himer to go and get that shard for you.
Hah! That's my boy, all right! I knew you'd understand at once.
It was hardly a deduction worthy of praise...
I want you to make your way to the Granite Cave near Dewford. According to our surveys, you should be able to find the kind of Meteorite Shards that we need there. And you, Steven... I want you, Son, to head for the Space Center at once to start the preparations, using that Link Cable that I gave you.
The Link Cable? So it is to be a warp system... Yes, I understand. But Granite Cave... Ah. I see. The floor where we first met— the floor with the ancient wall paintings. It is true that there were many shards of meteorite scattered about there.
It looks as though it's decided then, <var>. I will head for the Space Center in Mossdeep.
It looks as though it's decided then, <var>. I will head for the Space Center in Mossdeep.
If I learn anything, I will contact you at once. Though it will end up as another one-sided message like the one I sent you, I'm afraid.
Good luck.
...Steven? You be careful.
Then...I will be counting on the two of you to take care of this for me. If you forget just what it is you need to do, come talk to me again... Assuming I remember as well! Ho ho...
The last hope of humanity... If we lose the dimensional shifter now, we will have no way to stop that asteroid from striking our planet...
The dimensional shifter was destroyed by one of the Draconids...? Why...? Why would the Draconid people...?
Thanks to the heroic actions of you young people and your Pokémon teams... we have been able to dispel the threat of the asteroid without a single loss! Perhaps I have put too much of my faith in technology's promise alone. Perhaps my belief that the sacrifice of some might be necessary to guarantee the safety of many— Perhaps it was wrong all along.
My father is... Well, let me just say that I have been his son for 25 years, and sometimes even I am not sure I understand him fully.
Hm? Ah. That Intriguing Stone you have... On second look, it seems to be Pidgeotite, doesn't it?
To be carrying around a Mega Stone like that... It looks like you're also a bit of a connoisseur.
We had to do a whole lot of research into Mega Evolution to develop Infinity Energy. It was all based on the legend of Rayquaza that the Draconid people passed down for the past several thousand years.
What do you say? Since you did work alongside us to save the world and all, I guess I could tell you about my research results... Want to hear about them?
Understood! Ahem... To begin...
It appears that within Rayquaza's body resides an organ with the same power as a Mega Stone. I have dubbed it the mikado organ. We believe Rayquaza usually inhabits the stratosphere, where its instincts prompt it to consume small meteoroids that fall into the atmosphere. The meteoroids merge with Rayquaza's internal energy to create an effect similar to a Mega Stone. We believe that, thanks to its mikado organ, Rayquaza can undergo its own Mega Evolution, manifesting sufficient power to repel both Primal Groudon and Primal Kyogre. As we can gather from legends, Rayquaza has swooped in to put a stop to their clashes many times in the long history of the world.
Those who saw the way that Rayquaza, possessing this special power, reacted to their Key Stones to transform itself, began research into the subject. It came to be recognized as a form of Evolution, a new possibility for Pokémon. And what we stitched together from all of this long research is the current theory of Mega Evolution.
A part of Rayquaza's entry in the Pokédex was even edited due to this bit of folklore.
...Ahem! And that, while simplified quite a bit, is what I have deciphered from the ancient records of the Draconid people about the relationship between Rayquaza and Mega Evolution.
Oh... Well, that's a real shame. If you ever find yourself interested, just come talk to me again!
Oho! Th-that Pokémon you have... Could it be that rare white specimen? There cannot be more than one such specimen in the world! So pure... So sublime... Its sparkle is indeed the ultimate! I would love to see how it would stand up to Steven's Beldum...
I want you to go to Granite Cave. Based on our research, you should find the kind of Meteorite Shard that we will need. I'm counting on you.
Steven seems to have headed out for Meteor Falls. I sure hope he'll find something useful there...
Steven headed for the Mossdeep Space Center a little while ago. I hope you'll deliver the Meteorite Shard to him at once. I'm counting on you!
