The Devon Corporation... That's kind of a mouthful, so we just say Devon. The company makes all sorts of convenient products.
Hm? Did I see a sneaky-looking man? Come to think of it, yes! A shady-looking fellow just went around the corner there.
Have you taken on a Pokémon Gym yet? Once you get a shiny Gym Badge in your hand, that's when you really start to feel like a Trainer.
Hey, that's Rustboro's Gym Badge! Out of all the Pokémon Gym Badges, Rustboro's is the coolest, I'd say.
Oh? Who might you be? You're a new face around these parts. Have you just transferred into the Pokémon Trainers' School?
I challenged the Gym Leader, but... It's not going to be easy winning with my Fire-type Pokémon. Fire-type Pokémon don't match up well against Rock-type Pokémon.
Every now and then I see that old sailor who lives by the sea, Mr. Briney, taking a stroll through the tunnel.
That old sailor who lives in the cottage by the sea said he was going shopping in Slateport for his Pokémon, Peeko. Mr. Briney must really love that Peeko of his.
Oh, you are with your Pokémon! When I'm an adult, someday I'll go places with Pokémon, too.
So this is the Pokémon Trainers' School! If I enroll in this school, do you think I'll be able to catch rare Pokémon easily, too?
If a Pokémon gains experience through battle, the way it looks can sometimes change!
Pokémon can change the way they look? That could be quite a shock!
A Pokémon you get in a trade from someone else grows faster. But if you don't have enough Gym Badges, it may not listen to you...
Out of the way! Move it!
Wait! Pleeeaaase! Don't take those parts!
Oh, you there! You're that fantastic Trainer who helped me in Petalburg Woods! Help me! I was robbed by Team Aqua! I have to get the Devon Parts back! If I don't... I'm going to be in serious trouble...
Oh, you there! You're that fantastic Trainer who helped me in Petalburg Woods! Help me! I was robbed by Team Magma! I have to get the Devon Parts back! If I don't... I'm going to be in serious trouble...
I think that shady character took off toward the tunnel over there.
Oh! How did it go? Did you get my Devon Parts? You did! You got them back! You really are a great Trainer! I know! As my thanks, I'll give you a Great Ball!

Oh, yes! Young manlady! Please come with me!
So you made it here to Rustboro, too, <var>.
So you made it here to Rustboro, too, <var>!
It's a real city, huh? Nothing like Littleroot.
It's really big here, isn't it? Littleroot can't even compare.
Oh, did you know? There's a Pokémon Gym here, too.
Oh, and <var>, have you heard? There's a Pokémon Gym here, too!
Soon as I gather a few more Pokémon, I'll be trying my team against it! See ya!
Once I catch a couple more Pokémon, I'll be sure to take it on with my team! See you later!
Hey, <var>. How's your Pokédex? Completed any entries yet? Mine pretty much rules. I went on a Pokémon-catching frenzy in Petalburg Woods until I ran out of Poké Balls!
Oh! Hey, <var>! Have you been catching lots of Pokémon? I'm doing pretty good on that front, at least. I caught so many Pokémon in Petalburg Woods that I ran out of Poké Balls!
Oh, yeah. I passed by Mr. Briney in Petalburg Woods. I bet he was on his way home to his cottage on Route 104.
Oh yeah... And I passed by Mr. Briney when I was in Petalburg Woods. Hmm. I guess he must have been on his way home to his cottage on Route 104.
I guess you wouldn't know, since you just moved here and all, but they say that old guy used to be an amazing sailor!
<var>, you just moved here so there's no way you could know, but Mr. Briney was once a highly respected seafarer.
"Time-saving tunnel nearing completion!" That's what it says on the sign, but there's also a big "X" splashed across it in red paint...
The Devon Corporation For all your living needs, we make it all.
Rustboro City Pokémon Gym Leader: Roxanne The Rock-loving honor student!
Devon Corp. Branch Office Access limited to Devon employees and authorized personnel.
Rustboro City The city probing the integration of nature and science.
Pokémon Trainers' School We'll teach you anything about Pokémon!
Cutter's House
<var>...
<var>...
I'm sorry about summoning you so suddenly.
It's well known how often my intuition turns out to be right. But I never imagined we would be meeting again this soon! I'm sorry to say it is not happy news that brings us together.
Sigh. This isn't something we should discuss in public. Let's continue this inside.
After you.
Awawawa?!
Waaah?!
Ouch...
Oooh? You're that fantastic Trainer who helped me before!
Yo, geek!
Whoa! You're the kid Trainer I met before!
Yo, geek!
Whoa! You're the kid Trainer I met before!
Aiieee! You've got to help me, please!
Aargh! You're getting in my way again!
Grrrr... Am I destined to lose to you all the time?
Aargh! You're getting in my way again!
Grrrr... Am I destined to lose to you all the time?
What's wrong, Grunt?
What? You again? ...Fine. Even though I know I can't win, I'm going to challenge you for Courtney!
Sound the retreat! It's only good sense to save my own hide— for Courtney's sake!
What's wrong, Grunt?
What? You again? ...Fine. Sure I know I can't win, but I'm going to challenge you for Matt!
Sound the retreat! It's only good sense to save my own hide— for Matt's sake!
I'm hungry, so I'm going back...
Gaaaaah! Well, my stomach's ready for battle... 'Cause it's rumbling...
I lost. Like I figured... I'm gonna get some food on the way back.
I'm hungry, so I'm going back...
Gaaaaah! Well, my stomach's ready for battle... 'Cause it's rumbling...
I lost. Like I figured... I'm gonna get some food on the way back.
Th-th-thank you! You helped me again! As my thanks, I'll give you another Great Ba—
Oh, now is not the time for this!
We're in big trouble!
Team Aqua stole the control device for the Link Cable that our company had been developing... It's a special tool called the dimensional shifter. The person who stole it was a huge man with bulging muscles!
Team Magma stole the control device for the Link Cable that our company had been developing... It's a special tool called the dimensional shifter. The person who stole it was short and pretty, and she had a nasty look in her eyes!
What shall I do? What would you do? WHAT SHALL I DO?
They must have headed for the Mossdeep Space Center... Steven must have gone ahead to the Space Center, but...I'm worried...
