Oh, <var>, you made it! I'm sure sorry to call you all the way out here. Well, I've got a favor I need done right away. I've mentioned this before, but that bright, flashing light on top of that tower means something may have happened in New Mauville! That's why I called you here. I want you to go check on things in New Mauville.
There's just one thing, though. New Mauville is usually a prohibited area. Back in my day, it was just locked up normally, but security has been evolving, too!
Don't you go anywhere just yet...
Hey, thanks! I just took a picture of your eyes. Now if we just use the computer to transmit this data...
Now if you go to New Mauville, the doors will open automatically! The Basement Key has what they call "iris recognition." When you get inside, go press the button on the computer in the back. When that computer starts working right, come back here and report to me. I sure am sorry to bug you with all this, but I'm really counting on you!
All righty then, I'm counting on you for that investigation of New Mauville! You can Surf from Route 110 to get to New Mauville.
You're <var>, right? Thank you for taking such good care of my husband. I do apologize for all the trouble that we may cause you, but please do find some way to forgive us.
Plah! Plah!
Mah... Mah... Mah...
Oh, <var>! Sorry to make you come all this way. You went out to New Mauville, right?
The results of your investigation have been sent here to my computer, too. The most important thing is that there don't appear to be any abnormalities for the time being. Let me give you this as a way to say sorry for causing you such a hassle.
By the way, there wasn't anything going on in New Mauville, right? That was supposed to be a new town, though... We should've been able to build a huge underground city stretching down into the depths.
Things happened, and its development had to be suspended. Since then it's just been left to rot. All the equipment inside might have seen better days.
The New Mauville Development Project... The development itself was really smooth. Just when its completion was right before our eyes, though, we discovered a problem. We realized that if we built a town where people could live, it would have a negative impact on the Pokémon that live there. Since then development has been on hold. New Mauville has been abandoned...
