Well, well, what have we here? A most energetic customer! Me? You may call me Rydel. I'm the owner of this cycle shop.
Your running shoes... They're awfully filthy. Did you come from far away?
Is that right? Then I guess you have no need for any of my Bikes.
Hm, hm... You're saying you came all the way from Littleroot? My goodness! That's ridiculously far! If you had one of my Bikes, you could go anywhere easily while feeling the gentle caress of the wind! I'll tell you what! I'll give you a Bike! Oh, wait a second! I forgot to tell you that there are two kinds of Bikes! They are the Mach Bike and the Acro Bike! Mach Bikes are for cyclists who want to feel the wild, blowing wind as they ride! Acro Bikes are for those who prefer a technical ride! I'm a real sweetheart, so you can have whichever one you like! Which one will you choose?
Mach Bike
Acro Bike

<var> chose the Mach Bike.
<var> chose the Acro Bike.
If you get the urge to switch Bikes, just come see me!
Oh? Were you thinking about switching Bikes?
OK, no problem! Are you ready to switch Bikes?
<var> got the Mach Bike exchanged for an Acro Bike.
<var> got the Acro Bike exchanged for a Mach Bike.
Good, good! I'm happy you like it!

Oh, it's you! I've been waiting for you! Many people have come to my shop, saying they saw you riding a Rydel's Bike here and there and they want to buy a Bike, too. Thanks to you, my business is thriving! As a token of my appreciation, I'll give you another Bike!
May the wind always be at your back on your adventure!
I'm learning about Bikes while I work here. If you need advice on how to ride your Bike, there are a couple of handbooks in the back.
It's a handbook on the Mach Bike. Which page do you want to read?
A Bike moves in the direction that the +Control Pad or the Circle Pad is pressed. To stop, release the +Control Pad or the Circle Pad. The Bike will slow down and stop. Do you want to read a different page?
A Mach Bike is speedy, but it can't stop very quickly, and that makes it a little tricky to stop the Bike. Release the +Control Pad or the Circle Pad shortly before the place where you want to stop, and the Bike will stop at the place you want. Do you want to read a different page?
There are sandy slopes throughout the Hoenn region. The loose, crumbly sand makes it impossible to climb normally. But if you have a Mach Bike, you can zip up a sandy slope. Do you want to read a different page?
How to ride
Tip on braking
Sandy slopes
Quit
It's a handbook on the Acro Bike. Which page do you want to read?
Press the B Button while riding, and the front wheel lifts up. You can zip around with the front wheel up using the +Control Pad or the Circle Pad. This technique is called a wheelie. Do you want to read a different page?
Keep the B Button pressed, and your Bike can hop on the spot. This technique is called a bunny hop. Zip around while bunny hopping, and you can jump over certain ledges by hopping across at stepping stones. Do you want to read a different page?
Press the B Button and the +Control Pad or the Circle Pad at the same time to jump. Press the +Control Pad or the Circle Pad to the side to jump sideways, or press backward to make the Bike change directions while jumping. At a place where narrow paths run side by side, use this technique to pass them. Do you want to read a different page?
Wheelie
Bunny hop
Jump
Quit
The sign says, "A randonneur Bike imported directly from Kalos. For display only."
Wrenches and screwdrivers are lying around.
