













A journey to the bottom of the sea... I wonder what it'd be like? I'd love to go deep underwater like that some day.
I wanted to go with Captain Stern on the ocean-floor exploration. But the sub's too small for me. If I squeezed in, there wouldn't be any room for the captain...
Those thugs... They're the same lot who tried to take the Devon Parts at the museum...
Hmph...
So you have bothered to chase me, Maxie, all the way here from Mt. Pyre... Hohoho. You have earned my respect for the persistence you have shown.
However... None can stop us now. All that remains is to retrofit this submarine and force our way into the Seafloor Cavern, where the great Pokémon sleeps... Our plans to propel humanity to its ultimate heights have entered their final stage.
If you wish to prolong your futile struggle, I will not deny your right to try. Our hideout lies in Lilycove City. Follow us to our very door if you feel that justice demands it. And now I must be going. Tabitha!
We are in accord, Leader Maxie... You Grunts, there!
Until our Leader and I, your Admin, have made our escape in the submarine, stay here and buy us some time!
Yessir!
Yessir!
This way, Leader Maxie... We should make haste.
Let us go.
Mission complete! Let's head for the hideout and join the project to modify the submarine!
Yes! I can't wait to see the progress on the submarine.
Impossible! You actually followed us all the way from Mt. Pyre?
Grah-hah! You got me! I bow to your persistence and love of justice! Bwaha! Bwahahahahah!
It's a pity, so it is, but we're well past the time when you and your best efforts could turn the tide. We'll add a few last touches to this submarine, and we'll be all set to bust open the Seafloor Cavern where that great Pokémon is sleeping. Our plans to return everything to the beginning... They're as good as complete!
But I know you gotta do what you gotta do, scamp. I'm not gonna tell ya to quit chasing us... Follow us all the way to our hideout in Lilycove, if that's what your honor demands. Now then... Shelly?
...Got it.
You guys! Keep that spoiled brat busy until the submarine takes off.
Aye aye!
Ma'am!
Let's go. Archie...
Got it. We'll see you there, then! My little scamp adversary! Grahahaha! Bwahahahahahahah!
Mission complete! I'm going to check out the modified sub in our hideout!
I'm psyched to see all the modding on the sub!
M-modding?
Those criminals... What are they planning to do with my Submarine Explorer 1?
They can't be!
They can't be after the super-ancient Pokémon that slumbers at the bottom of the sea...
<var>... I'm sorry, but...
<var>... I'm sorry, but...
My stolen submarine... It could bring an unimaginable disaster upon the world... Someone has to get to their hideout in Lilycove and stop them! But I've got no chance alone!
... So that's what they've done. They've defaced my precious submarine, and now they're aiming for the Seafloor Cavern...
There's no way a normal human would be able to catch that sub. Although it would be a different story if you could teach a Pokémon to swim underwater using Dive...
We're building a new ship with the help of Mr. Briney, renowned as the best sailor in the Hoenn region. We'll let you know when she's ready to launch!
We've finally completed our new ferry, the S.S. Tidal! She's anchored here in the harbor. Do give her a look, eh?
Ho! That device you have there is the Scanner from Sea Mauville! That could make our expeditions really take off! Would you do me a favor and let me take that Scanner off your hands?



You drive a hard bargain. Let me know if you reconsider.



<var> handed the Scanner to Captain Stern.
Yes! Thanks. This will help our research a lot! Take this bell as a token of my appreciation for your generosity.
That bell figures in old legends from the Johto region. It's pretty nice to have. When I was working on Sea Mauville, I had a lad working under me who was from those parts, and he gave me that. If I remember rightly, his family passed down some special dance style. But it was only for the girls, so as a lad he came here looking for work...
He always kept that bell on his person, but sometimes when we were up top there at Sea Mauville that bell would ring, and it would almost seem to glow. It sure was mysterious, all right. I've held onto it all these years, but I'd be happy if it could serve you some use now.
<var>, please... May I ask for your help?
<var>, please... May I ask for your help?
I can at least get you as far as Lilycove, where their hideout is...
Do you think you and your Pokémon could put a stop to them and save my sub from being used for evil? Please!
Thank you! We'll launch at once!
O-oh... Tell me if you change your mind. There's no one else I can ask...
This is not just for buying time. I'll flatten you!
I was the one who was flattened...
Seems I have no choice... It takes me, a Team Magma Ace Grunt, to take care of you!
But, but... I'm a Team Magma Ace Grunt. How could I have lost?
I can fight like Poseidon even on land!
P-P-Poseidon is not so good at battles on land!
Hmph! What a pathetic man! I'm the 26th-strongest Team Aqua Grunt. Leave this to me!
I'm the 26th-strongest Team Aqua Grunt. But, but...I lost!
A ferry to Lilycove...
Oh! That ticket!
Are you the one who brought a weird ticket?
The place you're trying to go to is a small island in the south end.
Nobody knows what will happen there... I'm so excited that I want to dance a hornpipe!
Hop right on the boat!
I'll be waiting here. Take care out there by yourself, <var>. I have faith that you're up to the task!
Welcome back, <var>. So you actually managed to find it at Southern Island... The Eon Pokémon!
Well, then... Should we head back to the Gym?
