Er-hem! I am the chairman of the Pokémon Fan Club! Being the chairman, I am naturally the most important!
No one could best me when it comes to raising Pokémon. No one! In any contest, my victory is a foregone conclusion!
But that would deprive others of their enjoyment. So I now while away my time examining the Pokémon of others.
It is marvelous to witness how others have raised Pokémon. The contented faces of properly raised Pokémon... The kind and loving gazes of their Trainers... My heart is overwhelmed—there is so much happiness.
Oh my! Excuse me! I seem to have nattered on far too long! Please, do allow me to examine your Pokémon and see how it's grown.
How is your Pokémon growing? Allow me to examine it.
Hmmhm... I see...
Hmmm... It's not bad, but it's not good, either. You, the Trainer, must put more effort into raising this Pokémon! For instance, may I suggest that you give it more Pokéblocks?

Your <var>, it is growing in a most impressive manner! It is one fine specimen! But! If you let it hold this item, it would become even more attractive! Indeed!
Let a Pokémon hold that Red Scarf. Everyone will recognize the coolness of that Pokémon!
Let a Pokémon hold that Blue Scarf. Its beauty will be accentuated much more than now!
Let a Pokémon hold that Pink Scarf. It will draw out the cuteness of the Pokémon some more!
Let a Pokémon hold that Green Scarf. That will enhance the cleverness of the Pokémon!
Let a Pokémon hold that Yellow Scarf. It will bolster your Pokémon's toughness!
I'm sorry, but I've nothing else to give you! None at all! After all, you're blessed with the gift of raising Pokémon without resorting to any items!
I love seeing Pokémon that are very friendly toward their Trainers. Pokémon are very sensitive to the feelings of their Trainers. If you treat your Pokémon with love and care, they'll become friendly. When your Pokémon become friendly, please come show me.
Your Pokémon is really friendly toward you. For you, a most compassionate Trainer, this is a gift from the Fan Club!
Pokémon are very sensitive to the feelings of their Trainers. If you treat your Pokémon with love and care, they'll become friendly.
If you keep letting a Pokémon faint in battle, it'll start feeling sorry for itself. Soon, it will become less trusting of its Trainer. In other words, it certainly won't become friendly toward you.
Do Pokémon enjoy having items used on them? Mine acted really happy when I gave it some Protein.
Fnyaaaa.
Trill...
Marimari?
Do you know the Pokémon Furfrou? They are very rare here in Hoenn. But if you have a Furfrou with you, I'll trim it for you for $500.
Oh, dear. You don't seem to have $500.
Oh, dear. You don't have a Furfrou with you today.
All right. Which Furfrou will I trim today?
And what kind of style were you thinking of?
Heart Trim
Star Trim
Diamond Trim
Debutante Trim
Matron Trim
Dandy Trim
La Reine Trim
Kabuki Trim
Pharaoh Trim
Back to natural
Never mind
Then let's start. Please stay calm, Furfrou.
Snip... Snippity-snip... Snip-snip... Snip!
Thank you for your patience! It's all done. Your Furfrou looks gorgeous!
All right then! First, I'll take $500 from you for the trim.
If you ever wish to try out a new style, come back again!
So you would like to keep the same style and just touch up the ends a bit, is that right?
So you'd like to return your Furfrou to its natural look. Is that right?
Oh dear! I can't style an Egg.
Oh, I am sorry, but... I can't trim any Pokémon but Furfrou.
Oh? But your Furfrou already has its natural look.
It's a portrait of the Pokémon Fan Club's chairman.
It's a portrait of a Pikachu in aristocratic clothes.
It's a photo of a Skitty with an adorable ribbon!
They're pamphlets for joining the Pokémon Fan Club!
Your <var>, it is growing in a most impressive manner! It is one fine specimen!
