






The beam from the lighthouse reaches for dozens of miles. I wonder whether its light startles any of the Pokémon in the sea.

Where the water is clean, the fruits of bountiful harvest gather. And where people gather, a market for exchange soon starts. This is how a town is formed.


Yeah! I've waited so long for this! Pokémon Contest Spectacular! I'm going to enter! But before I do, I have to catch some Pokémon!
Whew... I'm just bushed... I hiked over from Mauville City. But, boy, this city's huge. If I'd known that, I would've ridden my Bike here!
Stern, the fellow who built the museum here, also happens to be the leader of an undersea exploration team. So, everyone calls him Captain Stern.
What is that over there? That long line...
When I was a child, I visited the museum often. I used to dream about the mysteries of the sea after seeing the exhibits.
Hey there! Quit pushing! This is a line, can't you see?
Team Aqua has a policy of assembling and dispersing at the operation site.
Team Magma's policy is assembling and dispersing at the operation site!
Our boss... What would he want to do with a museum now?
Our boss is brilliant. But what would he want to do with a museum now?
What is the new scheme? Our boss is scary when he's mad, so I'd better not screw things up...
I wonder what's the new scheme. Our boss is scary when he's mad, so I don't want to make any mistakes...
If there's something we need in the museum, we should take it all!
If there's something we need in the museum, we should take the entire museum by force...
Hey, you there! Don't butt in!
Hey, you there! Don't cut in!
A long line, huh? It reminds me of the times I lined up to buy smash-hit games...
A long line reminds me of the times I lined up to buy very popular games...
Why are we even lining up and paying? We should just march in!
Paying money to enter the museum shows the earnest nature of Team Magma!
The sea is just so vast... Could the sea have been made by the tears shed by Pokémon?
When you sink a man-made object into the sea to make a habitat for Pokémon, it's called an artificial reef! We in Hoenn are well known for our reef. We call it Sea Mauville!

If you want to change your Pokémon's nickname, get the Name Rater to help. He lives in this town.
Any Pokémon you get in a trade, you can't change its nickname. The original Trainer's love for that Pokémon is in the nickname.

Do you know about the Pokéblock Kit?
I thought so! It's a must-have kit for Trainers who enter Contest Spectaculars!
With a Pokéblock Kit, you can make candies called Pokéblocks. Make great Pokéblocks and give them to Pokémon. Their conditions will get much better!
I was hoping it was Lisia so I could get her autograph. But who's that being interviewed? Isn't that Captain Stern?
What? What was that?
That lady interviewer is so cool and pretty. When I grow up, I'm going to be an international journalist!
What? What? Is that a premonition that something big is going to happen?
Captain Stern says they discovered something at the bottom of the sea. I wonder what it is. What could it be?
What? The announcement just now... Was it about a submarine jack?!
What's going on here? Did the good captain come back with a big fish from the ocean floor?
Captain... He went inside in a rush... I hope everything is OK.
Hey! Are you watching? Am I on TV?
Is somebody going to steal the submarine? Will I be on TV again?
A TV interview! Here! The captain's a celebrity!
Oh no! I've never imagined that there are people who want to jack a submarine!
OK, Captain Stern, a big smile for the camera!
I see, I see. You've had a most invaluable experience...
Yes, indeed. And that is why we intend to move ahead with our expedition.
That's wonderful, Captain Stern! Thank you for taking the time from your busy schedule to talk to us. We hope we can interview you again with news of more discoveries!
Whew... That was my first time being filmed for TV. What a nerve-racking experience!
Oh! It's you again! You're looking well. Glad to see it. We made a huge discovery on our latest expedition to the seafloor. We found an underwater cavern on Route 128—and we think it may be the den of a super-ancient Pokémon long thought to have been extinct.
???: "Ahhh... Ahhh... Testing, testing. One, two, three...OK." "I hope you're listening out there... Captain Stern!" "We of Team Aqua will now be assuming control of your lovely submarine!" "You'll contribute to our great plan of returning everything to the beginning... I hope you appreciate this great honor!" "Wah...hahahah! Bwahahahahahahahah!"
???: "Hrr-hrrmph. Captain Stern, I presume you can hear me." "We of Team Magma will now assume control of your famed submarine." "Take pride in the fact that your invention will serve as a linchpin of the next great step in humanity's development!" "Fufufu... Fuwahahahahaha!"
Do you hear that voice? It's like someone is using a megaphone... But where is it coming from?
It came from the Harbor! Our submarine! They took it!
Young manlady! I'm sorry, but... Please come with me!
Pokémon Contest Spectacular! Registrations accepted inside. Get fired up, Pokémon! Go all out, Trainers!
Stern's Shipyard Wanted: A sailor capable of sailing in all currents.
Stern's Shipyard The ferry S.S. Tidal nears completion for serving the ports of Slateport and Lilycove.
Stern's Shipyard Boarding of the Slateport-Lilycove ferry S.S. Tidal is handled at the Harbor.
Pokémon Fan Club Calling all fans of Pokémon!
The endless sea sustains all life. Oceanic Museum
Slateport City The port where people and Pokémon cross paths with nature.
Slateport Market Unique items found nowhere else!
Slateport Harbor The ferry S.S. Tidal is under construction in the shipyard. Service is scheduled to begin shortly.
Slateport Harbor Enjoy a delightful cruise on the ferry S.S. Tidal.
Name Rater's House Pokémon nicknames rated.
Hey! That's Lisia and Ali doing a shoot over there!
Are you serious?! Lisia! Let's go!
Hiiiiii, ev-er-y-bo-dy! Lisia here! Me and my Altaria, Ali, have come to Slateport City's Contest Spectacular Hall for a bit of FUN!
Ali-li-li!
Well then, watch me as I dive right in again today!
Yeaaahhhh!
Dazzling, dizzying, doldrums defying!
Dazzling! Dizzying!
Lisia's...Miraculous...Contest Scouting!
START!
Lissi! Scout me to be your next boyfriend!
Lisia! Aliii!
All righty! I'm going to bring another fantastic Trainer into the wild world of contesting! Eenie...meenie...miney...
You there, watching me with that baffled expression on your face! Hi! Have you never joined in a contest? That's just what I want to hear!
Then let's get this show on the road! This is the Trainer I'm gonna scout today!
And hiser name is...
<var>! When I took a good look, I could easily see that <var> is a powerful Trainer, with several Badges of his own already!
<var>! When I took a good look, I could easily see that <var> is a powerful Trainer, with several Badges of her own already!
<var>! You can enjoy Contest Spectaculars at the Pokémon Contest Hall right here. Now listen up, because I don't just want to see you making your Pokémon strong. I want to see you bringing out a whole new brilliant side of them to show off! So here you go! Take these! This is a Contest Pass, which is the first thing that anyone needs to take part in a Contest Spectacular! And this one is a Pokéblock Kit, which will let you make Pokéblocks for your Pokémon out of Berries!
<var>! You can enjoy Contest Spectaculars at the Pokémon Contest Hall right here. Now listen up, because I don't just want to see you making your Pokémon strong. I want to see you bringing out a whole new brilliant side of them to show off! So here you go! Take these! This is a Contest Pass, which is the first thing that anyone needs to take part in a Contest Spectacular! And this one is a Pokéblock Kit, which will let you make Pokéblocks for your Pokémon out of Berries!
<var>'s story begins today! Yep! And this chapter should be titled...
<var>'s story begins today! Yep! And this chapter should be titled...
"A Sudden Encounter! Miraculous Contest Scouting!"
That's what I'd call it! Now, everybody out there watching... You'd better expect great things from <var>, because I do!
That's what I'd call it! Now, everybody out there watching... You'd better expect great things from <var>, because I do!
That's it for today's Lisia's Miraculous Contest Scouting! See you all next time!
Al-tariii!
Clap! Clap! Clap!
Lissi, you're so cute!
If you feel up for it, try your hand in a contest for me, OK? Tee-hee!
