Welcome to the Battle Maison. I'm the receptionist.
What would you like to do today?
What would you like to hear about?
This Battle Maison provides various battles with many Trainers. You can choose from the following battle formats: Single, Double, Triple, Rotation, or Multi Battles. You'll keep battling until you lose, and compete based on how many people you can defeat. Please note that if you lose even once, your winning streak will end, and you'll start from zero again. Every time you defeat a Trainer, we'll give you points called BP. You'll earn more BP as you keep winning, so do your best!
Please note the following three points when you battle in the Battle Maison. First, while you participate in battles here, Pokémon at levels higher than 50 will be reduced temporarily to Lv. 50. Second, please note the number of Pokémon you need for a challenge. You need three Pokémon for Single Battles, four Pokémon for Double Battles, six Pokémon for Triple Battles, and four Pokémon for Rotation Battles. For Multi Battles, each Trainer needs two Pokémon. Third and last, all Pokémon and their items should be different. But for Multi Battles, it's OK for two players to have the same Pokémon or item.
We hope to see you again.
Which battle format do you want?
Your record currently stands at <var> winstraight wins, young masteriss <var>.
So you want to try the Single Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Single Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Double Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Double Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Triple Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Triple Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Rotation Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Rotation Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Multi Battle challenge?
So you want to try the Super Multi Battle challenge?
Do you want to communicate with another player and take this challenge together?
You and the other player have chosen different battle formats. Please discuss with the other player before you return.
Please choose a Trainer to serve as your partner.
All right. Let the consecutive Single Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Single Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Double Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Double Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Triple Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Triple Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Rotation Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Rotation Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Multi Battle challenge begin.
All right. Let the consecutive Super Multi Battle challenge begin.
Saving... Please wait.
Congratulations! I present you with these Battle Points for your victory against the Battle Chatelaine!
Congratulations! I present you with these Battle Points for your victory against the serious Battle Chatelaine!
<var> received <var> BP!
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Single Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Double Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Triple Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Rotation Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Now you can take on the consecutive Super Multi Battle challenge, young masteriss <var>.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Single Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Single Battles.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Double Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Double Battles.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Triple Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Triple Battles.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Rotation Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Rotation Battles.
Thank you for participating. The challenge for Multi Battles has ended. Next, please challenge Super Multi Battles.
Young masteriss <var>! You won superbly! To recognize your great achievement, we will erect a monument in the Battle Maison!
Next is Battle No. <var>. Would you like to keep battling?
Next is Battle No. <var>, a battle against the Battle Chatelaine. Now... Are you ready?
Would you like to put your challenge on hold?
The challenge was interrupted.
Communicating. Please stand by...
The music is currently set to Music <var>. Which music would you like?
The music has been set.
Battle
Learn more
Quit
About the Battle Maison
Rules of battle
Challenge
Single Battle
Super Single Battle
Double Battle
Super Double Battle
Triple Battle
Super Triple Battle
Multi Battle
Super Multi Battle
Continue battling
Save record
Take a break
Music 1
Music 2
Music 3
Music 4
Change music
































When it's you and me, <var>, I feel like we can both show off our best sides! Let's do it!
Hmm... We didn't seem to have it together this time... Oh well! We'll have to try harder next time!
When I'm battling with you, <var>, I feel like I could beat absolutely anyone! Let's totally do it again sometime!
Ah. Right. That's too bad, but maybe next time!
Let's do this! I'm gonna give it my all, <var>! Wait and see!
Oops... Boy, they were tough, huh? Let's try to win next time! I'll try to get stronger, too!
We did it, <var>! Your team and mine together won't lose to anyone!
Aw, that's a shame. But I get it... Let's battle together again some other time!
I hope you can bear with me, <var>! I'm going to take this chance to study how a Champion fights from right up close!
I'm s-sorry... I guess me and my team just got in your way...
Thank you so much, <var>! Me and my Pokémon both gained a lot from being able to fight beside you!
O-oh... That's too bad... I hope you'll ask me again someday...
Bwahahaha! You wanna team up with me? All right! This might be the strongest combo that Hoenn's ever seen!
Bwahahaha! Even with a combo like you and me, looks like when you're gonna lose, you're gonna lose! But I just can't quit Pokémon battling, not as long as it sets my heart racing like this!
Bwahahahaha! Looks like teaming up with you and your team really gave us the chance to run wild out there! Thanks for the good battle, ya little scamp!
So we're going to wrap things up here today? Fair enough. But give me a shout next time you want a little tussle. I'll be waiting!
So you wish for the great Maxie to battle alongside you... Hehehe... My heart trembles in anticipation! This should be a fascinating battle!
So the great Maxie has fallen, even when battling alongside your team... I shall commit this curious phenomenon to memory. It had less than a 1 percent probability of occurring, you know.
Hehehe...hahaha! This result was inevitable the moment the great Maxie joined hands with you! Should another such opportunity occur, I anticipate a similarly beneficial outcome.
All things must inevitably come to an end. But I look forward to the prospect of a new beginning.
I'd be honored. I anticipate that battling together with you will help me realize something new!
It is what it is. We lost the battle, but I was still able to learn something. Thank you.
It is what it is. So it is only natural that our Champion-level combo would win.
I see. So this is the end for us today? I don't believe you gave it all you have in you. The unplumbed depths of your true power are quite frightening. Still, I look forward to battling together again someday.
Scouting the Pike Queen—done. Are there any Trainers who measure up to Scott's expectations?
The upper level is a viewing area for folks like us who don't battle. They sure fleece us for the privilege, but the matches you get to see are the best!
Wh-who are you? The sight of you set my Seviper shivering!
I've been watching the matches from up here, but the Trainers here are rank amateurs to the last. The only ones here who even begin to compare to me in terms of skill and beauty might be those gaudy little girls calling themselves Battle Chatelaines.
Slaaah...
Wha— You want me to restore your Pokémon's health? Honestly, you people! Can ye not see I'm off duty? Do I look like I've got a device to heal ye tucked in my skirt pocket? The Pokémon Center I work at never gives me a day off! This is my first time off in 20 days. Leave me in peace, can ye?
Did you see them? DID YOU?! The stunning Battle Chatelaine sisters! They're here now! Seeing them battle was like Cupid's arrow right to my heart! BAM!
An endless banquet for Trainers who have had their hearts captured by Pokémon battling... For us serious battlers, this place is both the ultimate dream and our worst nightmare.
































Here she comes, Battle Chatelaine Nita!
Here she comes, Battle Chatelaine Evelyn!
Here she comes, Battle Chatelaine Dana!
Here she comes, Battle Chatelaine Morgan!
Here they come, Battle Chatelaines Evelyn and Dana!
Here they come, Battle Chatelaines Morgan and Evelyn!
Here they come, Battle Chatelaines Morgan and Nita!
Here they come, Battle Chatelaines Nita and Dana!
Excuse me! You didn't save before you quit your challenge last time. I am sorry, but you'll have to start your challenge over again.
I'm keeping records in the Battle Maison. Do you want to see your results?
Which result do you want to see?
Current record: <var> straight wins Best record: <var> straight wins
Rotation Battle
Super Rotation Battle
Wireless communication is currently disabled. Please turn wireless communication on.
You can't battle together with the Pokémon that the other Trainer has.
You can't battle together with this Trainer.
