





It's a monument commemorating your 50 consecutive wins in Super Single Battles.
It's a monument commemorating your 50 consecutive wins in Super Double Battles.
It's a monument commemorating your 50 consecutive wins in Super Triple Battles.
It's a monument commemorating your 50 consecutive wins in Super Rotation Battles.
It's a monument commemorating your 50 consecutive wins in Super Multi Battles.
I heard that this house is a re-creation of a building in the Kalos region and the event that takes place in the building.
Oh! It's you!
You're here, too, huh? I guess when Trainers find out about a facility like this, it gets their blood pumping. This place reeks of hard-driving Trainers.
Who, me? I came to ask that guy Steven to come to the Pokémon League. That guy really goes for it when it comes to the Battle Maison. He's been hanging around here where he can have different battles than in the Pokémon League. Anyway, I came to bring him back, but it looks like he dodged me...
Well, I said what I came to say. I'm going back to Ever Grande. You're going to try your luck at the Battle Maison, too, right? If you see that guy, say hi for me. See you later.
<var>!
This monument was built to commemorate you, wasn't it?
That's amazing! You really are Hoenn's top Trainer, <var>.
How naive you are...
Um... You are...?
There's no end for battles in the Battle Maison! Unknown strong Trainers like us keep battling, hoping to achieve 100 or even 200 consecutive wins!
That many?!
A battle is like a house of cards! It's like a midsummer night's dream! Records will be broken sooner or later. All we can do is train hard every day!
I see...
Well, I'm going to excuse myself now. You two, try hard!
So there are still other Trainers who are that passionate about Pokémon battles... Wow! I feel like trying harder seeing that. I'm sure I can still become stronger!
I'll see you later then, <var>! I'm going off to train some more!
I heard that my muse, Mademoiselle Evelyn, is touring the Hoenn region, so I used everything I had saved and came all the way from Kalos! I won't have the energy to stock shelves unless I see her dainty face!
