This is the Battle Royal reception desk!
Would you like to have a Battle Royal?
What rank will you enter as?
Would you like to take part in a Hyper Rank Battle Royal match?
Would you like to take part in a Master Rank Battle Royal match?
A Pokémon Battle Royal takes part between four Trainers, who each bring three Pokémon into the ring for a four-way free for all! Every other Trainer in the ring is an opponent, and the goal of each match is to win your way through to victory against them all. Once any of the participating Trainers have all three of their Pokémon faint and can no longer battle, the match ends. Whichever Trainer is in first place at the point when the battle ends will be the winner. Places are decided by how many Pokémon you've defeated and how many you have left. You score higher by defeating more Pokémon and having fewer Pokémon on your team faint. If you tie with another Trainer based on these two factors, then the one who defeated more Pokémon will be declared the winner. If it's still a tie, then whoever has the most net HP left will be declared the winner. Try your best to knock out as many other Pokémon as possible while keeping your Pokémon from fainting! Now that we've reviewed all that, let me ask you once again...
Then please select the Pokémon you would like to battle with.
I am the Masked Royal! I heard about your efforts here at the Battle Dome, and it made me want to battle you! Let's do this. Woo!
It looks like you're all ready for battle. Then please come this way.
Then we hope you'll come back again!
Good effort today!
Congratulations on your win! You tried really hard today, <var>. You and <var> both!
You'll be promoted up to Super Rank for your next battle, <var>!
You'll be promoted up to Hyper Rank for your next battle, <var>!
You'll be promoted up to Master Rank for your next battle, <var>!
Now that you've won a Master Rank match, I'll present you with a special stamp!
Please accept your BP from the battle.
You received <var> BP!
We look forward to your next Battle Royal!
That was great fun, oh yeah! Let's do it again sometime!
I'll participate
Not right now
Tell me more
Now that you've stood at the pinnacle of the Battle Royal, it feels like you might be able to really nail a new battle style...
