Did everything go well?
Yes, it did!
Though <var> had to help me out of all sorts of trouble, like usual.
Nothing wrong with that. People cannot survive all on their own. They have got to help one another out. Same for Pokémon, too. That is what my grandfather used to say.
Ni-hiii!
I would like to see this battling skill of yours, <var>, that makes Lillie smile so.
Just so! It is my grand trial! I may be young, but that does not mean that I will be outdone by any of those other kahunas! I am certain that my bonds with Mudsdale and the rest of my team are the closest you will find anywhere in Alola!
Do you want to try to take me and my Pokémon on at our full strength?
Only if you'll take on mine
I need to prepare first
Then I will wait.
I am Kahuna Hapu! And I have made the sparkling stone that the tapu entrusted me with into a Z-Ring of my own!
Having a Z-Ring like we do, <var>, means that we battle with the tapu beside us.
This is the first grand trial of Kahuna Hapu! I will battle you with everything that I have got!
Ahaha! Now, don't be hasty, <var>! Look at the state of your Pokémon. We have got to have them in peak condition for this to be a fair fight.
Oho... You sure showed me.
That was enjoyable. Looks like I cannot beat you even when I am not holding back... I appreciate this chance, <var>. It has really taught me a few things.
Take your Ground-type Z-Crystal then... This Groundium Z is yours!
I will teach you the pose, too, so eyes up here!
Hyah!
Phew... Well, I must applaud you, Lillie. You sure found a prodigious Trainer to befriend.
Then go on with you two! Head straight through here and find the altar!
The path to the shrine is through the canyon. You will find other Trainers in this place, though. They come for training. It will be a tough road.
You will have to pitch in, too, Lillie. But if you two end up in any real trouble, Mudsdale and I will hasten to you.
Thank you, Hapu. I'll do my best!
Come! If you want to proceed to that canyon, you will have to get through me and my grand trial!
