I was concerned so I ascended. And what do I find but the Legendary Pokémon... and a strange hole in the sky.
However, I'm relieved to see you all unharmed!
Hapu!
Is my mother...?
You there, big fellow. Carry the lady, will you? She is weak, but I do not believe that she is seriously harmed. We should take her to be treated directly.
Huh? Oh...
<var>...you have done well in guiding Lillie, though she is not a Trainer.
And Lillie, you too gave it your best. We will wait for you down below. When you are ready, come find us.
Th-thank you...Hapu...
Solgaleo... all I ever wanted to do was to help you get back to your own home... But instead you helped me, over and over...
Lunala... all I ever wanted to do was to help you get back to your own home... But instead you helped me, over and over...
Thank you... Thank you so much!
La-a-a!!!
Mahina-a-a!!!
What is it?
Shall I guess what it is you're trying to tell us?
You... you want to keep on traveling together with <var> and me...is that it?
La-leo-o-ohhh!!!
Mahina-a-ahhh!!!
Looks like I was right! Of course I was... After all...we've been together so long. We're family now, aren't we? Of course I can tell how you feel!
Because I feel the same! We met so many people as we traveled around all of Alola's islands: Professor Kukui and Professor Burnet... Kahuna Hala and his grandson Hau... and of course the hero who appeared to save you when those Spearow attacked— our own <var>. And so many other people, too...
I don't know what the world you came from is like, but Alola is pretty great, too! Of course you want to see it all! It's just like Kahuna Hala told us... You can go so many places and meet so many Pokémon and people, and they will enrich your life!
La-liona-a-ahhh!!!
Mahina-a-ahhh!!!
But not with me... I'm not a Trainer, Nebby. I can't take you on the adventures you want. I can't give you the fierce battles you want.
<var>... I want you to face Nebby as only a Trainer can. And I want you to give it a ball to call home.
I know this is what Nebby wants... It doesn't want this journey with you to end. And I want you to grant it this wish!
Here, <var>. Use this. I bought myself some Poké Balls just in case... in case any Trainers needed any...
Solgaleo... No... Nebby. Nebby, you belong with <var> now. HShe will be the one to raise you. Just like any parent should raise their child. HShe will be your famother now.
Lunala... No... Nebby. Nebby, you belong with <var> now. HShe will be the one to raise you. Just like any parent should raise their child. HShe will be your famother now.
I may not have been able to do anything for you, Nebby...but I'm still glad I took you that day. So go with <var> and see the world! Have battles against strong Pokémon where you can use your full power. Meet other Trainers who will make your heart dance with the thrill of it all... That's the kind of world that <var> can share with you!
If it's you, <var>... I know I can trust you to raise my Nebby well. Take good care of it!
And I...will go to my mother. I need to see for myself that she'll be all right.
Nebby! Don't always be trying to get out of your Poké Ball the way you always wriggled out of my Bag!
And...and don't forget that you're strong now. You'll have to be careful not to accidentally hurt anyone until you get used to your strength!
And...and you can't just go running off to some other world anytime without telling anyone! You'll make <var> worry!
OK... I'm really... I'm really going this time.
Alola!




