Hello there! You must be one of Ilima's friends?
Come on in! Any friend to my son is a friend to me!
Just one thing, though. I'd like to hear what you think of my boy. Is he doing a good job as a captain?
He's a good captain
I'm not really sure
Sorry. I probably shouldn't have asked you something like that out of the blue... Our Ilima has just always been obsessed with Pokémon battling, ever since he was a boy. He's like a different person when he battles—you can see it in his eyes! I've always been a little worried about whether he would do all right as a captain.
Sorry to hold you up. If you're looking for Ilima, he's in his room.
Any friend of my son's is welcome here. Stay as long as you'd like.
Thank you for coming, <var>.
And you've arrived with such exquisite timing! I've been conducting research on battle planning for quite some time, and at last my simulation is complete!
Would you be so kind as to test it with me, <var>?
Not now
Sure
What a shame. Please do let me know when you are available.
You have my gratitude. Very well then. To the Trainers' School!
Before we begin, allow me to explain... It's not battle results that interest me. Rather, it's the carefully-thought-out strategies or novel tactics employed by Trainers. How those plans affect one's opponent and influence the outcome of battles—that is where my interest lies!
Now give me everything you've got, <var>!
Wonderful! What a truly wonderful battle! I'll be feeling the aftershocks from that battle for a long time to come. That was the best I could've hoped for!
The way that Ilima looked in that battle seems to linger in your mind...
Thank you. Allow me to treat you to some tea and snacks back in my room.
Will you be on your way then? Allow me to offer you this as payment for your assistance.
When a Pokémon holds an Everstone, it will not evolve. It has other effects as well, but let's set those aside for now. May our friendship last as long as an Everstone!
I think I'll begin analyzing our battle data. There are so many amazing discoveries yet to be made! Someday I hope to share them with everyone!
