Hey, kid! You're a local, right? From around here? I've got a favor I want to ask someone like you! Please, you've gotta help me!
All right
I'm busy
What?! Oh, come on! Don't be so cold! Where's your Alola spirit?!
Oh, thanks, kid! That's the Alola spirit! You're all so nice here! I'm actually here on my honeymoon, and my beautiful bride has completely fallen for this Pokémon you have here called Rockruff! She just can't get enough of its curled little tail and that rocky fur around its neck. I've heard you can find them in Ten Carat Hill, but I'm really lost here...
Could you go to Ten Carat Hill and catch one for me? If you do, then I can check out its information in your 'Dex, and then I can go catch one myself! I'll even pay you for your hassle. Think of it as a bit of part-time work, OK?
It's that Pokémon with the curled up tail. The one you guys call Rockruff! They're supposed to live in Ten Carat Hill, so catch one for me, please!
Oh! You've caught a Rockruff! Let me see your 'Dex for a second!
Mm-hmm... I see... So Rockruff hit the rocks around their necks against each other in a sort of greeting? Wow. So, they're not just cute... They're pretty interesting Pokémon, too.
All right. Thanks for this, pal! Now I'll go and try to catch one for myself. Here. It's not much, but here's your pay. You've earned it!
All right... Now it's time that I set out to find a Rockruff of my own for my beautiful bride!
Hey. Hey, kid. You're a Trainer, aren't you? I bet you wouldn't mind fulfilling the wishes of an alluring lady like myself, now would you?
Sure
I'm busy
This is ridiculous! Do your eyes work all right? How can you pass by an alluring lady like me?!
Well, you can see my allure, of course. Anyone with eyes can. But a woman can't depend on such mature beauty alone... She must also have a cute side! A hint of charming sweetness! So I've been thinking that I need to study that kind of cuteness from a cute Pokémon.
I've heard that there is a rather adorable Pokémon called Drifloon in the Hau'oli Cemetery. Do you think you could catch one for me and register it in your Pokédex? They are round and soft and bob along as they move... That sounds rather cute, doesn't it? If you keep your word and find one for me, then I'll even pay you for the trouble, OK?
Catch me one of those round, soft Drifloon that bob about in Hau'oli Cemetery, please! And beauty is fast to fade, so please be sure to find one in a hurry!
You've caught that Drifloon? Well then, show me your Pokédex!
Oh... Oh, no. This won't work. It's cute, sure, but it's a ghost or something... And they say it takes children off with it... I'm not interested in children. No thanks!
Well...this didn't really work out the way that I had hoped, but a promise is a promise. So here is your pay for the work you did.
If I don't figure out how to be adorable soon, I'll have to learn how to dodder instead...
Hey, have you got a moment? You live here in Alola, right? I've got a favor I'd like to ask. Do you mind?
No problem
I'm busy
Oh... Sorry, then.
Wow, thank you! I'm so glad that you would listen to a request from a total stranger like me. I'm actually here in Alola with my darling hubby. It's our honeymoon! He saw this Pokémon called Cutiefly on Route 3 and it seems like my hubby was totally smitten with it. We don't have them back home, see. He said it was too cute for words, with a yellow body and a long, pointy proboscis!
Anyway, I wanted to ask if you could catch one of those Cutiefly for me. If I know what kind of Pokémon it is then I can probably go and catch one myself. Like I said, I think that they're somewhere on Route 3. If you catch one and come back to show me its Pokédex entry, I can pay you for your trouble!
I guess you'll be able to recognize Cutiefly by its yellow body and its long, pointy proboscis. I think he saw it on Route 3.
What? You've caught Cutiefly? Then would you mind showing me your 'Dex?
Hmm... So it sucks up pollen and nectar from flowers using that funny, long proboscis it has? It is pretty cute! I wouldn't mind one of these buzzing around me!
Actually, I think I might want to get one of these Cutiefly for myself now! Let me at least pay you like I promised first. This is all I have, but it's yours!
Thank you, young Trainer! I'll go look for some Cutiefly at once!
You there! Trial-goer kid! I'm an old man and you'd better listen to me!
Sure
I'm busy
No! Don't leave me here! Trial-goer kid! I'm so...so lonely...
I may not look like much now, but when I was a young lad, I was a captain, boygirl! Even now I feel my pulse speed up whenever I see a trial-goer! So listen to this old man's request. Let me send you out on a trial I designed myself!
Do you know the beach near the Hano Grand Resort on Akala? There's a curious Pokémon that lives there. Called Pyukumuku, it is. Go and register it in your Pokédex, then report back to me here! If you clear this trial, I'll have a reward for you!
Register one of those Pyukumuku that you find on Hano Beach in your Pokédex for me!
You've caught a Pyukumuku?! Let me see that! Hand over that Pokédex!
Mm... Indeed you have! This is one of the Pokémon that folks think of when they think of the Alola region, you know! What's more charming than its protective coating and its bold defense mechanism?
I don't have a Z-Crystal to give to you, but here is your reward for clearing my trial!
The island challenge is a precious part of Alola's culture! I'll be praying for your success!
Um...excuse me, but...could I ask you something?
Sure
I'm busy
Oh, I see... Sorry to bother you then...
Thank you for giving me some of your time. You see, I'm doing a study about the effects of water quality on Pokémon, and right now I am looking into the situation in Brooklet Hill. I'm currently surveying whether a Pokémon called Feebas can be found living there. But I'm terrible at fishing, and so I'm not making any progress at all...
Do you think I could offer you a bit of part-time work as a research assistant? Could you try to catch a Feebas for me in Brooklet Hill? It's a rather shabby looking Pokémon, so I think you'll have no trouble recognizing it if you see it. If you manage to catch one, please come and show me your Pokédex data. I have enough budget to pay you, so please!
I need to see a Feebas from Brooklet Hill. Please...help me out...
You've caught the Feebas? Then will you show me your Pokédex?
So there it is... Feebas really is a strong creature. It can survive even in the most polluted water. Some researchers have hypothesized that it may even dislike clean water, but if it lives in Brooklet Hill, then that is clearly not the case!
Thank you. You've been a great help! Here. For your assistance.
You've been a great help with my research. Now I should be able to make some progress!
Why, hello, Trainer. Looks like you've got a Pokédex on you. How would you like to do a little part-time work on behalf of the Aether Foundation?
Sure
I'm busy
Well, that is a shame. Come back if you ever have the time.
We at the Aether Foundation work to protect Pokémon through conservation. In order to protect Pokémon, though, we must know a good deal about them and how they live. Right now, we are surveying the Stufful that live on Route 8. The foundation is collecting its own data, of course, but we would also like to know what data the Pokédex records about them.
So your job, if you should choose to accept it, would be to register the Stufful on Route 8 in your Pokédex and then show us the data. We will pay you for the work, of course. I hope you'll help us out.
Please show us the data that your Pokédex records about the Stufful living on Route 8. It is a very adorable Pokémon. I'm sure you'll recognize it at once.
You've caught a Stufful? Then would you show me your Pokédex?
I see... The biology of this Stufful is one that we hadn't yet uncovered in our own research... This is just the level of detail that I knew we could expect from the Pokédex!
Thank you very much! Here is your pay.
Thank you for helping us with our research. I think we'll have an even better understanding of Stufful thanks to this.
Hey! You! You've got a Rotom Dex, haven't you? Then I've got the perfect job for you! What do you say? Will you take me up on it?
Sure
I'm busy
Hrmmm. Well, that is a shame. It was a pretty sweet offer, too...
I'm an employee of a place called the Aether Foundation. We're doing a survey right now of a Pokémon called Passimian, which lives in Lush Jungle. But I've had no luck finding any of them, and I'm in a real tough spot now...
If you happen to catch a Passimian, would you show me the data from your Pokédex? If you help me out, I can pay you for your work!
Passimian live in Lush Jungle. It's a real dexterous one and handles Berries like a pro. I think you'll know it when you see it.
You caught a Passimian? Then will you show me your 'Dex?
So, that's it... There're things here that we couldn't figure out from the data the foundation had collected...
Thanks a lot! Here, this is for you!
Now we know a bit more about how Passimian live out in nature. Thanks for helping out with the Aether Foundation's efforts!
Hey! You! You've got a Rotom Dex, haven't you? Then I've got the perfect job for you! What do you say? Will you take me up on it?
Sure
I'm busy
Hrmmm. Well, that is a shame. It was a pretty sweet offer, too...
I'm an employee of a place called the Aether Foundation. We're doing a survey right now of a Pokémon called Oranguru, which lives in Lush Jungle. But I've had no luck finding any of them, and I'm in a real tough spot now...
If you happen to catch an Oranguru, would you show me the data from your Pokédex? If you help me out, I can pay you for your work!
Oranguru live in Lush Jungle. It looks kind of like an old man, all dressed in white. I think you'll know it when you see it.
You caught an Oranguru? Then will you show me your 'Dex?
So, that's it... There're things here that we couldn't figure out from the data the foundation had collected...
Thanks a lot! Here, this is for you!
Now we know a bit more about how Oranguru live out in nature. Thanks for helping out with the Aether Foundation's efforts!
Um, could I borrow a moment of your time? Just a moment, mind you.
Sure
I'm busy
O-oh... Of course. You're busy. How silly of me to try talking to you...
Th-thank you very much. You see...I've fallen in love at first sight! With a Pokémon called Togedemaru! I love it to bits... I love it so much that I can't bear to even catch one for myself! So I wanted to ask a favor... Could you catch a Togedemaru for me and then show me its Pokédex entry so I can see it?
I think you'll find some adorable Togedemaru around the power plant. Its pointed little needles are just so adorable that I'm sure you'll get it as soon as you see it. And I can promise to reward you if you do this for me! So please!
I think you'll find the adorable little Togedemaru around the power plant. Its pointed little needles are just so adorable that I'm sure you'll get it as soon as you see it.
What?! You actually caught a Togedemaru?! The Pokédex! Give it here! At once!
Oooh... My little Togedemaru... How adorable you are... I just want to feel your little needles tickling me all over...
Oh! This is the best! Just wonderful! Here is your payment, as promised!
I got to know my beloved Togedemaru even better than before! Thank you for this! Have a wonderful journey!
You're a Trainer, right? Wanna do a little job for me?
Sure
I'm busy
Hmph. Fine then. If you change your mind, though, come see me.
I'm looking for information about a Pokémon called Mimikyu. So how about you go and catch a Mimikyu for me? Then you can show me the data that your Pokédex records for it, right?
It's this odd little thing that looks like it's got a sack on its head. Lives at the site of the abandoned Thrifty Megamart. You know it? So go find one for me. If you do a good job, I'll even pay you for the trouble.
That Pikachu-looking Mimikyu should be hanging out in the abandoned Thrifty Megamart. Go catch one in a flash to get it registered in your Pokédex, then come back to show me.
Caught that Mimikyu? This must be my lucky day. Show me your 'Dex!
See that? It's just like I said... It's gotta be a really scary Pokémon under that cloth, right? No one knows what's in there... Even if it's my job, they can't just expect me to come survey scary ghost Pokémon like that! I'll just copy the data from your Pokédex here, submit it to my boss, and call it a day.
Thanks a bunch, pal. Now I won't get chewed out by my boss. Take your payment. No need to be shy about it.
I joined the Aether Foundation 'cause I thought the uniforms were really cool looking, but... Pokémon conservation and all is actually a lot more hard work than I expected... It's no good just following a whim, you know?
