Are you out and about on your island challenge? When you've completed it, come on back. Don't forget about me here, OK?
That <var> of yours... I don't know why, but it sure takes me back!
You know Mankey, right? I'm actually the one who came up with it! The boss told me to make a Pokémon with a bit of this and a bit of that, and that's what I drew! I'm pretty fond of it myself!
You know, I thought up the Pokémon moves myself and programmed 'em in myself, too. So I never really wrote down the details or anything. Sorry about that...
We had a poll in the company once a long time ago to see which Pokémon was most popular... and back then the winner was Exeggutor!
Tauros used to be real strong, huh? I was the one who thought up that one. But Blizzard was a bit too strong, eh?
You know Diglett, right? It's actually basically just a character that I had made up when I was a little kid. I even drew up a flip-book featuring it then!
You know Mew, right? I made it. Everything about it. The pixel art, its cry, its Pokédex entry, everything. I just barely finished in time, too! It was right at the very end of the game's development!
Can I tell you a little something, just between you and me? See, the Japanese version of Pokémon Blue was an exclusive release when it first came out. Only certain people could get it. From what I heard, that was a real pain for the people working in the shops that sold it...
We were all young folks in the office back when we first made Pokémon Blue to be sold in Japan. Now we're all a bunch of middle-aged coots.
Back in the day, the programming used up all the space on a cartridge, so if we wanted to add something new, we had to clean it up first... First we'd find enough space, then we could make what we wanted... It was a pain!
In that one game, you could talk to the Pokémon following you to find out how it was doing. I was the one who came up with that idea!
I heard something from Masuda one time... Apparently the sound that plays when you save is different in each version... I gotta tell you...I can't tell any difference at all!
Just between you and me, but... When we were working on these new titles once, I got told to come up with version differences... Boy, I was gobsmacked! But in the end, I'm glad I helped make them.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Attack stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Defense stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Sp. Atk stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Sp. Def stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means its Speed stat will grow easily. My explanation could grow pretty easily, too, but I'll keep it short and sweet for you.
Your lead Pokémon's Nature is <var>. That means all its stats grow about the same. If it's all the same to you.
I'd say I'm pretty up to speed on Pokémon battling. What do you think? Want to battle me? I'm really good, you know?
Let's battle
Let's not
Whoops! I forgot to save before the battle... but I'm going to win anyway, so it's fine.
Oh yeah? Well, that's a real shame. I'm really good, after all.
You're really good, too. After all, you managed to beat me. You can brag about it, if you want. Here, I'll even heal up your Pokémon since you dared to take me on in battle.
I'll let you fight me again sometime, if you want. Just once a day, though, OK? So come back tomorrow. Though I'll probably have forgotten you already.
I'm not gonna fight you again today. You've got to come back tomorrow.
Oh, you're a player! We've been making games here. What color would you choose?
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Red, huh? Interesting! I'd say you're probably the type who stays true to your heart and says what you want.
Green, huh? Interesting! I'd say you're pretty dedicated to our game, then. Are you a fanatic, maybe?
Blue, huh? Interesting! I'd say you're probably the type who does what you want, even if it's not the popular thing.
Pi! Pikachu! Pika pika chu!
Clefairy is the cutest, isn't it? Oooh, I just want to hug it!
Ciao! I just finished an awesome song!
Being able to finally work on the games that I spent so long playing... It's a dream come true!
I want to keep working on the game, so I've got to keep my energy up! I need some vitamins! Here, I'll give you one, too! Thanks for stopping by!

Have fun on your adventure!
And here. I'll give you this, too. With one of these, the Pokémon you drop off at the Pokémon Nursery will have a better chance than usual of finding a Pokémon Egg.
