Welcome to Antiquities of the Ages. This is a very select antique shop.
There is only one of each of the treasures that you can find in our shop.
Adamant Orb
Lustrous Orb
Griseous Orb
Red Orb
Blue Orb
No thanks
Welcome to Antiquities of the Ages. This is a very select antique shop. We have new stock in today, if you would care to have a look. The owner can tell you more. He is the gentleman standing beside me.
The <var>? It is $<var>. Would you like to purchase it?
Yes, please
No, thank you
I'm sorry, young sirmiss, but it seems we are out of stock for that item.
I'm sorry, young sirmiss, but it would seem that your funds are not sufficient.
We purchased that particular item from the Sinnoh region. I've heard that it has something to do with a Pokémon that rules over time. We thank you for your purchase and hope that you will visit our shop again.
We purchased that particular item from the Sinnoh region. I've heard that it has something to do with a Pokémon that controls space. We thank you for your purchase and hope that you will visit our shop again.
We purchased that particular item from the Sinnoh region. I've heard that it has something to do with a Pokémon that lives in the Distortion World. We thank you for your purchase and hope that you will visit our shop again.
We purchased that particular item from the Hoenn region. I've heard that it has something to do with a Pokémon that rules the land. We thank you for your purchase and hope that you will visit our shop again.
We purchased that particular item from the Hoenn region. I've heard that it has something to do with a Pokémon that rules the sea. We thank you for your purchase and hope that you will visit our shop again.
Feel free to visit us anytime.
This shop...is curated for the true collectors. Average Trainers have no need of our goods. I would consider your purchases carefully, so that you do not waste your money in vain.
I doubt that any of our antiques would be of any use to you, young Trainer. I would consider your purchases carefully, so that you do not waste your money in vain.
Ah...yes, we do have some new arrivals... Though I'm not sure that they are anything that a Trainer like you would really need.
I would consider your purchases carefully, so that you do not waste your money in vain.
Sky Plate
Zap Plate
Stone Plate
Iron Plate
Fist Plate
Dread Plate
Splash Plate
Pixie Plate
No thanks
The <var>? It is set at $<var>.
I'll take it
No, thank you
Oh, I'm sorry. It looks like we are out of stock for that one.
Yeah, sure. Bring enough money then.
Yes, I picked that one up in the Sinnoh region. They say it was somehow related to a Pokémon that had something to do with the universe. Then the delivery truck was attacked by those Skull people on the way to the store... I showed them who was boss, but... well, it was a real ruckus, and so they still got away with my stock. To have that happen right here in Hau'oli... I don't have time to waste on tracking it down again, but if you find it, feel free to take it.
Fine, fine. Come back anytime.
Yes, I picked that one up in the Sinnoh region. They say it was somehow related to a Pokémon that had something to do with the universe.
