It is a model of a steam turbine that is moved by a geothermal generator.
It's a miniature model of the entire geothermal power plant!
There is a documentary about geothermal power playing on the television. There's a Pokémon Trainer from some far away region in it, who's called a "Gym Leader." He's checking the heat coming from the ground with the help of his Pokémon.
Oh, hello! Hello! Alola!
Here in the Alola region, volcanic eruptions can result in long, thin strands of magma... They form strands of glass rather like hair! But the hair on the Diglett here is not glass, but rather whiskers of some metallic substance. They use them for communication and as a sort of sensor to investigate their surroundings.
Here! I've been wanting to give you this.
I hope you'll try to complete your Pokédex. For Rotom's sake as well!
It's a photo of a power plant in Kanto. The entire power plant was once put out of operation by the loss of a single Machine Part. This power plant was abandoned for a time, but the Legendary Pokémon Zapdos was said to have revealed itself to mankind there once.
It's a photo of a power plant in Kalos. In the Kalos region, the light of the sun is gathered in space and energy extracted from it in the form of microwaves which can then be sent back to the planet's surface. They have a Pokémon called Porygon that helps them with the work out in space.
It's a pamphlet from the power plant. This one's about Pokémon that live underground. Dugtrio living in the Kanto region work together as a trio and can tunnel 60 miles belowground.
Are you a visitor? No worries. We can dig it! Here at the Geothermal Power Plant, we love having more pals to share our energy with!
The Steam Separator Geothermal reservoirs underground contain high-pressure water that has been heated up by the magma within the planet. This device helps separate the heated fluid from the reservoirs into steam and hot water.
Regarding Steam Turbines By directing steam to pass over the turbine's blades and spin it on its axis, you can keep the turbine in motion to generate power.
The Generator The steam turbines spin at a speed of 3,600 revolutions per minute, powering the generator and producing electricity. It may seem like the generator organ in Vikavolt, but it works on an entirely different principle.
The Cooling Tower This is where the water from the steam used by the generator cools. Once the water has been cooled sufficiently, it can then be reused to cool more steam.
Producing Geothermal Energy: Step 1 With the help of digging Pokémon, scientists search for underground steam vents in the area around active volcanoes.
Producing Geothermal Energy: Step 2 Over a long period of time, and with the help of many Pokémon that can work underground, the power plant is constructed.
Producing Geothermal Energy: Step 3 The steam that is naturally produced due to underground heat is used to turn turbines and generate electricity.
Producing Geothermal Energy: Step 4 The Geothermal Power Plant produces clean energy that is good for the environment, thanks to its relatively small carbon footprint.
There are souvenirs on sale with the Geothermal Power Plant's logo, like towels and things.
There are souvenirs on sale, like postcards with pictures of the Geothermal Power Plant and snacks made by cooking Berries in the steam that erupts from Blush Mountain!
Welcome to the Geothermal Power Plant! Learn all about our plant... It's electrifying!
Welcome to the Geothermal Power Plant! Take your time to read all about our plant. Time moves slow around here... You could even say we move in geologic time!
Our class is here on a field trip, so we rented out an entire Exeggutor Express!
Lots of technology is made because we have Pokémon to help us make it, huh?
The underground part of the planet is huge! D'you think Pokémon pop out sometimes?
Pokémon with the Magma Armor Ability will never get frozen solid!
Hmm... I may be the teacher here, but all I even understand from all this is that Pokémon and volcanoes are pretty amazingly powerful!
You think the volcanoes on Ula'ula were created by some huge Pokémon? Then I guess we have that Pokémon to thank for us all living here now! Hah!
