An error has occurred. Restarting the game.
Please check your connection and try again.
Maintenance under way. Restarting the game.
Maintenance under way. We apologize for any inconvenience. Restarting the game.
Maintenance under way. We apologize for any inconvenience. Planned completion time: [Name:DateTime ] (subject to change) Restarting the game.
Maintenance under way. We apologize for any inconvenience. We will notify you when we have an estimate for when maintenance will be completed. Restarting the game.
We are extending the maintenance period. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please wait for maintenance to be completed. Restarting the game.
We are extending the maintenance period. We apologize for any inconvenience. We will notify you when we have an estimate for when maintenance will be completed. Restarting the game.
We are extending the maintenance period. We apologize for any inconvenience. Planned completion time: [Name:DateTime ] (subject to change) Restarting the game.
We are extending the maintenance period. We apologize for any inconvenience. We will notify you when we have an estimate for when maintenance will be completed. We will provide details of compensation for this matter at a later date. Restarting the game.




You cannot play this app in your country/region. The game will now restart.
There's a possibility that your device's clock is far off from the actual time. Please check your device's clock settings.
An error has occurred. Returning to the shop. Please check your connection and tap Purchase Gems again.
Awaiting approval from your parent/guardian. Once we have received approval, you will need to either restart the app or go to Complete Purchase in the shop.
Purchases are restricted for this account. Restarting the game.
An error occurred while processing your purchase. Restarting the game.
There were some irregularities during the processing of your purchase. Please go to Complete Purchase in the shop.
That item can no longer be exchanged.
The Nintendo Account User Agreement for the Nintendo Account you're linked to has been updated. Restarting the game.
The Nintendo Account you're linked to cannot be used. Please check the status of your Nintendo Account on the Nintendo Account home page.
An error occurred while linking to your Nintendo Account. Restarting the game.
Failed to open the browser to display the Nintendo Account page. Please check your settings to make sure your browser is not being restricted from opening.
Other game data is already linked to this Nintendo Account. Please try linking again to a Nintendo Account that is not already linked.
The link to your Nintendo Account has been removed. Please go to Account on your Poryphone menu to link to it again.
The link to your Nintendo Account has been removed. Restarting the game.
Please agree to the new Nintendo Account User Agreement.
Relinking to the Nintendo Account that was removed.
Failed to agree to the Nintendo Account User Agreement. Restarting the game.
Failed to link to your Nintendo Account. Restarting the game.
Failed to download. Restarting the game.
Your device needs roughly [Digit:3digits ] MB more space. Please clear that space and try again.
Ver. [Digit:8digits ]
Support ID
This account cannot currently be used.
Customer Support
User Agreement
An update for the game is available. Restarting the game.
A new version of the app is available. Going to the store to download it.
Error code
This sync pair scout is no longer available.
An error has occurred. Returning to the shop. Please check your connection and then tap Sync Pair Scout again.
That sync pair scout is no longer available.
An error occurred during your sync pair scout. Restarting the game.
Your device needs roughly [Digit:3digits ] KB more space. Please clear that space and try again.
This Nintendo Account is logged in on another device. Logging in again on this device.
The time on your device is different than the actual time. Please correct your time settings. Closing the app.
There is no save data for this account. Please delete and reinstall the app. Closing the app.
