No. [Digit:3digits ] [Name:TrainerName ]

Downloading...
Clear Cache
If the game's display seems wrong, clearing your cache may resolve the issue. Would you like to clear your cache? Note: Your save data will not be deleted.
Please wait...
Cache clear complete.
Cache clear failed. Would you like to try again?
Additional data will also be deleted, and you won't be able to play while it is re-downloading. You may not be able to continue playing from where you left off, depending on how much storage you have left. Would you still like to clear the cache?
Attention
This app can be played for free (there are purchasable items).
Minors
Please talk to your parent or guardian about how and when you can play this app, and get permission from them before playing. When purchasing items, always get permission from your parent or guardian first or make the purchase together.
Recommendations
If you link to your Nintendo Account, even if you delete the game, you can continue playing from where you left off if you download the game again. You need to be connected to the internet to play this game. We recommend using a 4G connection or Wi-Fi.
A new version of the app is available. Now taking you to the store.

Language
Which language do you prefer?
Trainer Voice-Over
Please choose the language in which you will hear in-game Trainers' voices.
Country/Region
Please select the country or region you live in.
Link Nintendo Account
If you link to your Nintendo Account, you can back up your save data so you needn't worry about losing it.
Create/link an account!
What's a Nintendo Account?
Not Now
Terms of Service
Country/Region of Residence
You must agree to the terms of service and privacy policy to use this service.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Next
Next
The terms of service have been updated. Please agree to the latest version.
You must agree to the terms of service and privacy policy to use this service.
Age Confirmation



Handling Personal Data
In [Name:TitleName ] (henceforth, this app), your usage data and personal data may be collected for the reasons indicated in the <attr color='E27707'>Privacy Policy</attr>. Please check the contents below and agree. <attr color='EB1414'>Note: You can change your settings later.</attr>
Data Usage for In-Game Notifications
We will use information about your usage of this app to send relevant advertisements and information to you in the form of push notifications or other notifications. 
Don't Agree
Agree
Providing Usage Information to Third Parties
Spending Notifications
For your protection, we can send you a notification when you have purchased more than a set number of gems per month. Would you like to set up these notifications?
Note: You can change the settings at any time from your notification settings.
Notifications have been turned on. A notification will be displayed when you have purchased the following quantities of gems per month: 3,000, 6,000, 10,000, 20,000, and each additional 20,000 more.
Download Data
Additional data will be downloaded. This may take some time depending on your connection. We recommend connecting to Wi-Fi to download. Download size: [Digit:3digits ] MB
Download complete. Restarting the game.
App Update

Usage of Your Last Log-In Time
To improve communication between players, your last log-in time will be displayed on the Friend List. If you don't agree, your last log-in time will not be displayed.
Continue


Download Data

There is not enough storage space on your device. Please make room for <attr color='E84140'>roughly [Digit:3digits ] MB</attr> and try again.
Download failed. Attempting to download again.
OK
No
Yes
Spending Notifications
OK
Language Selection
Your language has been changed. Restarting the game.
OK
Information about your usage of this app will be provided to third parties for distribution of advertisements.
If we detect false or incorrect information in your registration information, we may stop you from using this service. You cannot change this information once set.
You can't play this app in your country/region of residence. Restarting.
You can't play this app in your country/region of residence. Restarting.
That is not in the acceptable age range, so you cannot play this app. Restarting.
The date you have entered is incorrect. Please check it and try again.
Please enter your date of birth.
Date of Birth
Year
Month
Day


Notice
This cannot be changed later.
Minors
Please check all the information below with your parent or guardian.
Data Usage
We will send you push notifications about event information, promotions, and operations. Is this OK?
The privacy policy has been updated. Please agree to the latest version.
FAQ
Tips
Customer Support
Clear Cache
Complete Purchase
Complete Purchase
You were disconnected during the purchase process. Please tap OK to complete the purchase. This process won't create any additional purchases.
The purchase process failed. Please try the Complete Purchase option in the shop at a later time.
Your purchase was completed successfully.



Japanese
English

Menu
I have read and agreed to the terms of service.
I have read and agreed to the privacy policy.
Restart
Your play was interrupted during a stage. Would you like to resume playing the stage?








An error occurred during the downloading process. Please wait while the download is restarted.
Link Account
Would you like to participate in a survey?
Players who complete the survey will receive gems as a thank you.
Please select where you've played or seen Pokémon in the past.
Note: Select all that apply. Answers will not affect the game.
How far have you progressed in past Pokémon games (not including smartphone games)? Note: Please respond for the game you have played the most.
Which of the following Pokémon games have you played before? Note: Select all that apply.
What is your favorite thing about Pokémon?
Video games (console games)
Video games (smartphone games)
Trading cards
TV animation
None of the above

Played past the Hall of Fame
Played until entering the Hall of Fame
Have played but haven't entered the Hall of Fame
Never played


Pokémon Red/Blue/Yellow
Pokémon Gold/Silver/Crystal
Pokémon Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald
Pokémon Diamond/Pearl/Platinum Version
Pokémon Black / Pokémon White versions (including 2)
Pokémon X / Pokémon Y
Pokémon Sun / Pokémon Moon (including Ultra)
None of the above
Story
Battles
Characters

Survey complete. Thank you!
Canceling the data download and restarting the game. OK?
This download will continue to run in the background. Download interruptions may occur due to operating system processing.
©2019 DeNA Co., Ltd. ©2019 Pokémon. ©1995–2019 Nintendo / Creatures Inc. / GAME FREAK inc.
Support ID
Ver. [Digit:8digits ]
Tap to Start
日本語
English
Français
Italiano
Deutsch
Español
한국어
简体中文
繁體中文
