Try looking around!
You can explore the Pokémon Center by swiping left or right on the screen. There are always a handful of Trainers around the lobby to talk to and get to know better!
Have a friendly chat!
Feel like striking up a conversation? Try tapping the Trainers with a small icon above their head to have a chat! Who knows? They might challenge you to a Pokémon battle or even give you some useful items!
Moving on!
If you'd like to continue to the next area, tap the blue arrow near the bottom of the screen.
Now it's your turn. Good luck!
Typical battles on Pasio are fought in teams of 3-on-3, and you control each of your three teammates!
First, try attacking with Pikachu's Thunder Shock!
Using moves depletes your move gauge!
Your move gauge fills up over time!
Tap on Brock's window to use one of Onix's moves!
Use Rock Throw!
Every sync pair has a type that it's weak against.
Attack with moves that match its weakness type to inflict double the damage!
Try switching targets to a Pokémon that's weak against your attacks!
Tap a Pokémon on the opposite team to target it!
The border around this window will flash if you have a move that's super effective against the target!
Try attacking with Thunder Shock!
Next, try using Brock's Onix to target one of your opponents' weaknesses!
Switch between your teammates to use the most effective moves!
Sync move unlocked!
Sync moves are powerful attacks capable of doing massive damage to your opponents.
Every time you use a move, your sync move countdown goes down.
That goes for all three teammates! Every move reduces the countdown!
Countdown complete! Tap the icon to unleash a powerful sync move!
Sync move countdown
Select which sync pair you'd like to use!
Some opponents have special passive skills!
This sync pair has a passive skill called Clearheaded—it prevents the Pokémon from becoming confused!
Let's learn a little about multiteam battling before we jump into co-op with other players!
The Pokémon you see on Pikachu's left and right belong to the other players' teams.
Your team is always in the center position. The active sync pair here is the only one you control.
The sync pair you place in your team's #1 position will always be the first on the field.
The left and right windows are the other two sync pairs on your team. Right now, they're on standby.
During a battle, you may need to switch your active sync pair with one that's on standby!
Try switching sync pairs now!
Tap here to switch!
Try attacking with your active sync pair!
Standby sync pair #1
Standby sync pair #2
Let's try syncing up with the other players for a unity attack!
To use a unity attack, you need to fill up your unity gauge.
Fill up your unity gauge by building up a continuous chain of attacks with your allies!
Success! You and your allies built up a chain of continuous attacks without being interrupted by the other team!
The more chains you create, the faster your unity gauge fills up!
Amount filled
Unity Gauge
Try building up a chain of attacks!
Creating a chain with all three allies activates a unity bonus! While in effect, your attack power increases!
On top of that, EVERY attack fills up your unity gauge, whether or not you create another chain!
Make sure you use as many attacks as possible before the effects of your unity bonus wear off!
Time remaining
Continue attacking while unity bonus is in effect!
You filled your unity gauge to max! Get ready to unleash a powerful unity attack with your allies!
Choose which sync pair to use for the attack before the timer runs out!
Switch-in moves unlocked!
Tap the sync pair you wish to switch out!
You can tap on a move to use it immediately after switching in!

Let's try learning a new move! Go to the Team menu and select Moves & Skills.
First, confirm that you have the required items here.
Once a move is learned, it's ready to be used in battle! Try learning some moves with your favorite sync pairs!
At the shop, you can scout for new teammates, exchange your items, and acquire all sorts of useful things!
First, let's use Sync Pair Scout to reach out to some new teammates!
You found a new teammate! Scout again to reach out to more Trainers and build your dream team!
Collect your bonus level-up manual by visiting your Present Box!
You can use level-up manuals to help your sync pairs gain experience and level up!
OK
Next
Great!
Sync pair stories unlocked!
Choose a sync pair story to go on an adventure and get to know your fellow teammates!
Co-op team edit menu unlocked!
Tap this button to edit your teams for co-op battling.
Main Story Complete!
Currently, this is as far as the story goes.
Please look forward to further updates in the near future!
Pokémon Masters League hard mode unlocked!
You now have access to area info with even more challenging battles!
Pokémon Masters League very hard mode unlocked!
You now have access to area info with even more challenging battles!
You now have access to EX Challenges in the training area!
You can choose a favorite sync pair to appear with you on your profile screen.
You can use ★Power-Up to increase a sync pair's number of ★s and help them grow stronger!
Events unlocked!
You now have access to the events area! Let's check out what events are going on right now!
Ongoing events will appear in the Events category. Check often to avoid missing special limited-time area info!
Training area unlocked!
Visit the training area to collect items that will help you learn moves and passive skills, level up, and more!
When you receive area info for learning new battle techniques, that will appear here as well.
Unlock Lv. Cap
You now have access to the Unlock Lv. Cap menu!
Unlocking a sync pair's level cap means that they can raise their level even higher and grow even stronger!
Collect items!
Visit the training area to collect the special items required for unlocking the level caps on your sync pairs!
Feature unlocked!
Level caps are now unlockable!

You can access this area info in the Special Training: Battle Techniques sub-section of the training area!

Level up your sync moves!
When you scout out a sync pair that you already have, their sync move levels up!
Power up your potential!
Once a sync move reaches its level 5 max, you'll receive a ★Power-Up with the same number of ★s as the duplicate sync pair instead!
Let's try editing your team with the new sync pair you just scouted!
First, select the sync pair you wish to switch out.
Next, select the sync pair you wish to switch in!
The sync pair you selected is now a part of your team!
Give yourself an advantage by editing your team based on the type of battling you'll be doing next! 
Evolution
For some sync pairs, leveling up can unlock special area info for evolving Pokémon! However, Evolution shards and Evolution crystals are required.
Complete this special sync pair story to evolve your Pokémon and make this sync pair even stronger!
Rosa's Pokémon uses Grass-type moves, so having her on your team will give you an advantage!
Tap this button to edit your team now, or go to the Team menu to edit your team later!
Barry's Pokémon uses Water-type moves, so having him on your team will give you an advantage!
Flannery's Pokémon uses Fire-type moves, so having her on your team will give you an advantage!
Confirm
Co-op battles unlocked!
You now have access to co-op battles where you can fight alongside other players!
Let's give co-op battling a try now!
During this tutorial, you'll be battling alongside NPCs for practice!
Try syncing up with your allies to create attack chains and unleash a unity attack!
Now you're ready for some multiteam battling!
Choose an area to explore under the Co-op tab to join other players in multiteam battles!
To continue the main story, choose an area to explore under the Single-Player tab.
Missions
Missions unlocked!
You now have access to the Missions menu on your Poryphone. Don't forget to claim your rewards whenever you complete a mission!
New area unlocked!
You unlocked a new kind of area where you can explore Pasio and mingle with other Pokémon Trainers.
These special areas won't affect your progression in the main story, so you can explore whenever you like!
Gear
Your team can now use gear!
You can equip your team with gear to make them even stronger!
You can use various items to upgrade and enhance your gear!
Any duplicate gear you obtain can be used to unlock level caps and upgrade your gear even further!
You got a Poryphone!
Use this area info to participate in Special Training: Battle Techniques over in the training area!
In order to participate in sync pair stories about Pokémon Evolution, you'll need some Evolution materials.
You can exchange certain items for Evolution materials in the shop!

