Oh! A customer! Welcome to the Inverse Battle Stop!
What I have to offer here at the Inverse Battle Stop is a positively miraculous form of Pokémon battle! That's right... I call it the Inverse Battle! This precision machine, this envisioned contraption can use its inversion powers to temporarily invert all type matchups between Pokémon! It's the Inverse-o-matic! Super effective becomes not very effective! Not very effective becomes super effective! How about that! You have to admit that it sounds pretty fantastically fun, don't you? Don't you? You might think you've got your head wrapped around it, but when you're actually in the thick of it, it's surprisingly tough! So how about it?
If you've come to visit my humble storefront, then you must be ready for an Inverse Battle!
Super effective becomes not very effective! Not very effective becomes super effective!
You came all this way...to turn back now? But I'll be waiting for your return!
Oh, yes! Oh, just as I would expect! You are a true habitué of the Inverse Battle Stop! I've got a little gift for such a great regular. Here! Take it!
Oh, yes! Oh, just as I would expect! You are a true habitué of the Inverse Battle Stop! I've got a little gift for such a great regular. In fact, I've got three!
Ohhh! Excellent! Just excellent! You have perfectly understood the beauty of the Inverse Battle! I've got a little something for an opponent like you! Here! Take it!
Ohhh! Excellent! Just excellent! You have perfectly understood the beauty of the Inverse Battle! I've got a little something—three little somethings, in fact—for you!
Nice! Very, very nice! You've learned quite a bit about the beauty of Inverse Battling, hm? I've got a little something for an opponent like you! Here! Take it!
Nice! Very, very nice! You've learned quite a bit about the beauty of Inverse Battling, hm? I've got a little something—three little somethings in fact—for you!
Nice! Very, very nice! You've learned a fair bit about the beauty of Inverse Battling, hm? I've got a little something for an opponent like you! Here! Take it!
Nice! Very, very nice! You've learned a fair bit about the beauty of Inverse Battling, hm? I've got a little something—in fact, three little somethings—for you!
Nice job! Though I think that you haven't quite grasped the trick of Inverse Battling. Still, I'll give you a little something, so be sure to come try again!
Nice job! Though I think that you haven't quite grasped the trick of Inverse Battling. Still, I'll give you these, so be sure to come try again sometime!
My fantastic Inverse-o-matic is indeed a revolutionary device that can temporarily invert all type matchups. But I can't just fire it up again and again, you know. Do you think you could come back tomorrow?
