You may call me the Berry Master. I dream of filling the world with beautiful flowers, so I raise Berries and hand them out to everyone.
You're deserving of one!
Why be stingy? Take another!
Be sure to visit the Pretty Petal flower shop near Rustboro. Let flowers fill the world!
I'm done for today. Come again another day. Let flowers fill the world!
The way my husband grows Berries, oh, he's the best in the world. He makes me proud, that he does. Incidentally, child, do you know a good saying? What was that saying? It was "SOMETHING BATTLE." I wonder what kind of BATTLE it was...
The way my husband grows Berries, oh, he's the best in the world. He makes me proud, that he does. Incidentally, child, do you know a good saying? What was that saying? It was "CHALLENGE SOMETHING" or "SOMETHING CHALLENGE." I wonder what it was...
The way my husband grows Berries, oh, he's the best in the world. He makes me proud, that he does. Incidentally, child, do you know a good saying? What was that saying? It was "SOMETHING LATIAS." I wonder what LATIAS was...
The way my husband grows Berries, oh, he's the best in the world. He makes me proud, that he does. Incidentally, child, do you know a good saying? What was that saying? It was "COOL SOMETHING." I wonder what was COOL...
The way my husband grows Berries, oh, he's the best in the world. He makes me proud, that he does. Incidentally, child, do you know a good saying? What was that saying? It was "SUPER SOMETHING." I wonder what was SUPER...
The way my husband grows Berries, oh, he's the best in the world. He makes me proud, that he does. Oh, you're the Trainer who knows good sayings. I want you to have this.
Ah! What a remarkable saying! Inspirational, it is! I want you to have this.
Oh! A good saying, it is. You're quite remarkable. I want you to have this.
Our four grandchildren should become more accomplished than my husband. My life never runs out of joy!

GREAT
CONTEST
OVERWHELMING
LATIOS
HUSTLE
Golly! You have a Shaymin! Speaking of Shaymin, do you have a Gracidea? I have many Gracidea right now, so I'll give you one.
In the Sinnoh region, there's an old custom that they give a bouquet of Gracidea to convey gratitude. In other words, if you give Gracidea, you can express your feeling even without saying it. For a shy person like me, there's nothing more useful than this.
Do you know Gracidea? In the Sinnoh region, people give a bouquet of Gracidea to convey their gratitude! It's a very old custom!
The basket is full of Berries!
