All right! We are leaving for Mt. Pyre! We are going to obtain that orb before Team Aqua does!
OK! We're moving out to Mt. Pyre! We're getting our hands on that orb before Team Magma does!
Ahead looms Mt. Pyre... It is a natural monument to the spirits of departed Pokémon...
Mt. Pyre Pier ...The sign is old and worn out. The words are barely legible...
Welcome to the Safari Zone! Enjoy yourself as much and for as long as you would like!
I don't want to go to Mt. Pyre or anything... I just want to cuddle with Pokémon in the Safari Zone...
Mt. Pyre, huh... Whenever I go there, I always feel like there's someone—or something—brushing against me... But there's never anything there...
...You need something? Could you not get in the way when I'm trying to seriously commune with my Pokémon here?
Our leader Maxie's vision will bring new hope to all of humanity. ...Not that it's anything a child like you would be able to understand.
Pwump!
Pwhine...
I don't want to go to Mt. Pyre or anything... I just want to cuddle with Pokémon in the Safari Zone...
So people and Pokémon and everything have the oceans to thank for being alive? Sure, that's what Archie said, but... Do you figure it's really true?
Arghhhh! Nooo! You little—! Would you stop marking everything? Where do you learn these things!
I first met this Pokémon when I was in basic training to join Team Aqua. Back then, this little fellow got me right in the legs with its Bite and I was knocked down flat! Of course I still have him test me every day, five times a day!
Prrrrrr!!!
Poochee?
I am a wandering Pokémon Center employee. Why don't I take care of your Pokémon's ills in a flash?
I am a wandering Pokémon Center employee. Your Pokémon seem to be doing just fine, don't they?
I took care of all that ailed your Pokémon in a flash!
Meenya?
Route 121
These right here are the fields for this route. It's so handy to be able to use Fly to get here!
Oh, but—dear me! I bet you can't use Fly yet to get here, can you? Keep going all the way to Lilycove if you want to be able to Fly straight back here in the future. Once you can, it's really convenient!
Oh, and—dear me! You are able to use Fly to get here, yes? I'm going to visit more towns so I can use Fly to reach more places. It's really convenient!
