





Just...what... is this... D-d-did Leader Maxie know that it would happen like this?!
Could it be? Is this the world... Archie hoped to create...
Curse you! The precious results of my research! GIVE THEM BACK!!!
Oh, shut it!
Shut your mouth!
Augh?!
Steady on! Are you all right?!
Just what is going on around here?! Ahyahya! Even I, Tabitha, am feeling all discombobulated. Leader Maxie! What are you trying to do?! ...To the world. ...To us. ...To Team Magma. This can never, ever be forgiven!
Fine, I'll give it back. I'll give it back, all right? The awakening of the super-ancient Pokémon will bring about extreme weather. If this happened all over the world, what would become of Pokémon, not to mention people?
Ahya. Are you one of my fans? You're that same kid who's always popping up! I can't believe you're even following me around in my private life.
Oh my! I even run into you when I'm not on the clock! I wonder why that is... Maybe we're destined to be together... Ahaha!
Ahyahya! Well, that's all right! Maybe I'll just clear up this intensely unpleasant feeling I have welling up inside of me... By beating you to a pulp!
Wanna know something? I'm feeling so empty and downhearted right now. I can't get my head straight. Umm? Help me take my mind off it. The way you and your Pokémon battle so straightforwardly and sincerely with such hope, it makes me so mad!
Hah... Hah... Ahya... Ahya...
...
Good grief... Today has been absolutely nothing but stress! I can't take it... It's so unpleasant!
Hmmph. I feel a bit more relaxed... Thanks.
You better listen, you stress-inducing child. When Leader Maxie's plan has been executed, twilight will fall upon the world. The Primordial Sea will be changed to Desolate Land. In other words, all life... Child! What do you think you can do in the face of that which is to come?
As a token of my gratitude, I'll tell you one thing. When Team Aqua's... No, when the illustrious Archie's ambitions have been realized, the world will truly return to its beginnings, to before the birth of anything at all... Think for yourself about what to do when you're up against that reality. I still haven't figured out for myself what's wrong and what's right...
I'm looking forward to seeing you rush into action! Ahya! Ahyahyahyahya!
See ya. I'm sure I'll run into you again, though.
The Leader should be headed for Mt. Pyre... Which means I...
Archie is probably on the way to Mt. Pyre... So I...
Thank you, young one. You helped save us from quite a pinch!
You OK there, mate?
Hah... Hah... That truly was a slap in the face...
Those thieves... What could they hope to gain by investigating the extreme weather patterns of thousands of years ago?
Oh, but I am forgetting myself! First I must thank you properly for your help.
It might seem an odd way of rewarding you, but please take this Pokémon as my thanks.
Hmm? You cannot carry any more Pokémon with you currently. Why don't you come to call again after you've made space on your team?
<var> received Castform!
Castform is a Pokémon that changes its form according to the current weather conditions.
We have many of them living here in the Institute with us. They help us with our research of weather phenomena.
Indeed. I trust that it might help you on your adventure.
But as for the data those ruffians were seeking... They wanted to know about the extreme weather conditions that ruled thousands of years ago because of those two super-ancient Pokémon.
One of that pair was the Legendary Pokémon we know as mighty Kyogre... By absorbing the energy that abounds in the natural world, Kyogre transformed itself—or so it is said. The transformed Kyogre caused so much disturbance to the weather patterns that the world was assaulted by torrential rains, and the seas rose around the planet. We refer to this transformation as Primal Reversion... Its result is the terror we call Primal Kyogre. Primal Reversion is a possible form of Evolution, like and yet not like Mega Evolution... Or so it has been theorized. But it has never been achieved by any Pokémon other than the super-ancient Legendary Pokémon, and so it has been largely forgotten as a method of Evolution.
One of that pair was the Legendary Pokémon we know as mighty Groudon... By absorbing the energy that abounds in the natural world, Groudon transformed itself—or so it is said. The transformed Groudon caused so much disturbance to the weather patterns that the world grew barren. The heat it created dried up the oceans, and the parched land covered more and more of the planet. We refer to this transformation as Primal Reversion... The result of it is the terror we call Primal Groudon. Primal Reversion is a possible form of Evolution, like and yet not like Mega Evolution... Or so it has been theorized. But it has never been achieved by any Pokémon other than the super-ancient Legendary Pokémon, and so it has been largely forgotten as a method of Evolution.
If you'll excuse us then... We'll be heading downstairs now, but talk to us when you have a moment. We want to thank you as well.
I've been researching rain for many years, but it's ridiculous to think that humans can freely change the weather.
I would still like to thank you somehow for your help. I hope you'll take this Pokémon for your team.
We have many Castform living here in the Institute with us. They help us with our research of weather phenomena.








There are a number of documents explaining meteorological studies.
It is a document detailing the extreme weather patterns brought about by the super-ancient Pokémon, Kyogre. "By absorbing the abundant energy of the natural world, Kyogre transformed itself and summoned forth greater storm clouds than ever before witnessed." "An endless deluge of rain fell from the storm clouds, prompting floods so terrible that it seemed the entire world would sink beneath the seas." "This transformative process, known as Primal Reversion, turns Kyogre into the fearsome Primal Kyogre."
It is a document detailing the extreme weather patterns brought about by the super-ancient Pokémon, Groudon. "By absorbing the abundant energy of the natural world, Groudon transformed itself. In its transformed state, it expelled waves of heat into the heavens above." "This heat wave burned as brightly as another sun, prompting droughts so terrible that it seemed the entire world would be left shriveled and barren." "This transformative process, known as Primal Reversion, turns Groudon into the fearsome Primal Groudon."
Would you like to give a nickname to Castform?


