<var>! Gosh, where have you been hiding? I've been looking all over for you!
Oh... Where did you get that thing on your wrist? That's a pretty fancy-looking bracelet...
... Wow! So that's a Mega Bracelet? And you can use it for Mega Evolution... I guess now you can keep getting even closer to your Pokémon, huh? Some guys have all the luck...
But I'm not about to lose to you and some accessory! Let's see who's best in battle!
Are your Pokémon all ready? Of course they are! Let's go!

Hm! Well, you did battle me like I asked, so I'll give you a reward.
If you use Fly, your Pokémon will carry you back to anywhere you've been before. But you must have the Gym Badge from Fortree City to use Fly outside of battle. That's the most important bit, so don't forget!
Maybe you should Fly home and visit Littleroot sometimes. I bet your mom worries about you, <var>...
Well, till we meet again! And next time I won't lose!
<var>! You've been looking for Pokémon here?
Huh? That bracelet you've got on... It's like, I don't know, really cool...
... Whoa. So that's the Mega Bracelet? And you can use it for Mega Evolution... So you'll just keep getting closer to your Pokémon and getting even stronger...
All right, then. I guess I've just gotta help you test how strong you've become, huh? Show me in battle how much better you've gotten!
Come on! A battle! I'm challenging you to a battle!

I'd say you're good enough to search for Pokémon anywhere by now. Here, I'll give you this, so try it out. You should be able to use it fine.
With Fly, your Pokémon can carry you back to just about anyplace you've visited before. Of course, you'll need the Fortree Gym Badge first, though...
Well, I'm going on ahead. But I'm definitely winning next time!
We're standing lookout here. Hey, you! Stay away from the Weather Institute. It's not safe.
Lookout duty is surprisingly boring. Hey, you! Please don't go near the Weather Institute!
We're standing lookout here. Hey, you! Stay away from the Weather Institute. It's not safe.
Lookout duty is surprisingly boring. Hey, you! Please don't go near the Weather Institute!
Route 119 → Fortree City
The Weather Institute
Trainer Tips If you get stuck in a Secret Base, use an Escape Rope, and you can be out of your pickle in no time!
I feel like I'm gonna be stuck here standing lookout my whole life...
We're even forced to stand lookout while the Admins are off having private time!
Nice jump! So you can do that kind of stuff with a Bike, too.
I always use my Pokémon to fly around, but riding a Bike looks like fun, too! Maybe I should get one for myself.
There's an invisible obstacle in your way.
Would you like to use the Devon Scope?
<var> slipped the Devon Scope on.
A previously invisible Pokémon became visible to the naked eye!
The startled Pokémon attacked!
