
Why, hello.
We met in Granite Cave, didn't we?
No, I remember it. It's <var>... Right? It's good to see that your journey is going well.
No, I remember it. It's <var>... Right? It's good to see that your journey is going well.
You know, <var>...
You know, <var>...
In this vast world, there are many kinds of Pokémon. They come in many types.
Should you raise different types? Or will you only raise Pokémon of a certain type you like?
I wonder what you think, as a Pokémon Trainer?
Not that it's anything I should be concerning myself with... But somehow I find myself wanting to know what you think.
I suppose I should be going. I hope to see you again though.
...Hm?
Hyahhn!
Shwahhn!
Latias!
Latios!
Hyaahh!
Shwaahh!
Do you...want us to soar somewhere with you?
<var>.
<var>.
Come with me.
Latias... I believe that it sought us out for help.
Latios... I believe that it sought us out for help.
If that's the case, let's go!
So we've come back here... When you're ready to return to Southern Island, come tell me.
Are your preparations complete?
I see. I'll be waiting here.
Thank you for your help, <var>.
Thank you for your help, <var>.
Hyan!
Shwan!
Perhaps it's trying to tell you to take good care of Latios.
Perhaps it's trying to tell you to take good care of Latias.
Hyaahhn!
Shwaahhn!
In the end, you were a far greater help than I expected you might be.
I expect that you and your team will be able to best both Route 119 ahead and even the Fortree Gym beyond that.
I'll be curious to see how much stronger you might grow by the next time we meet.
Until then, <var>.
Until then, <var>.
Where are you going? I don't think we can walk away from this.
Hyaahh!
Shwaahh!
Hmm! A Good Rod is really good! Wouldn't you agree?
Hmm! We're of identical minds! Hmm! Take this Good Rod!
Wherever there's water, try your luck at fishing.
Don't you like to fish?
Try catching all sorts of Pokémon with your Good Rod.
Even if there isn't a boat, you can cross rivers and the sea if you have a Pokémon that knows Surf. Pokémon can be counted on to do so much!
Route 118 ← Mauville City
Route 118 ↑ Route 119
Thanks to that Aarune dude, I've been awakened to the adventure that is building a Secret Base. He said he would be waiting for me with the Secret Base Guild, but Fortree City is far away.
Hmm...but... I'm not sure what it is, but... But I just have this feeling...
My intuition has often proved correct. And now it is telling me that... You may wish to make some space in your PC Boxes before we set out. Just trust me on this.
Pokémon that swim with elegance in the vast ocean are nice. If you have the move called Surf, you can swim with the Pokémon, too!
Sometimes Pokémon hide underwater, too. Do you want me to show the trick to finding them?
All right, all right. I'll teach you everything I know! If you take too much time, they'll run away, so you can't dawdle! ... Oh, should I do it? Should I give away the most extraordinary technique I know?!
All right then! This is my most treasured technique. It's about watching the Pokémon closely! Pokémon hiding underwater seem to play by coming to the surface in the places they like in order. Just when and where they will come to the surface... Being able to figure that out is the most important technique of all!
Oh dear! How rude of me! You've got a look on your face that says, "I've known that for a long time!"
