I'm the Fossil Maniac... I'm a nice guy who loves Fossils... Do you want a Fossil?
But the Fossils around here all belong to me... None for you... If you can't go without a Fossil, try the desert on Route 111... From what I've heard, the Fossils buried in the sand sometimes rise to the surface due to sandstorms...
You found a Fossil, didn't you? That's so nice... It's so dreamy... What are you going to do with that Fossil you found? From what I've heard, Devon has been researching how to restore Pokémon from Fossils... But I love my Fossils, so I would never do anything like that.
Fossils are so...wonderful... So dreamy... What are you going to do with that Fossil of yours? From what I've heard, Devon has been researching how to restore Pokémon from Fossils... But I love my Fossils, so I would never do anything like that.
Oh, don't say that! Please. I'm begging you!
No matter how many times you come and ask me, no means no! I keep telling you Fossils around here all belong to me. Besides, what's up with your attitude? Is that how you ask a favor?
I know I'm asking the impossible, but please! Oh, I can specially give you a Stone Badge... ...Oh! What am I saying? No, no way! There's no way I would use a Badge entrusted from the Pokémon League for such a purpose... Ah...but...I want... I really...want the Fossil.
Why are you arguing with yourself? It's not a Fossil. I don't want such a thing. Besides, you're a bit of a stone maniac yourself, aren't you? If you really want a Fossil, you have to find your own territory. Dig and find Fossils by yourself, like Devon's president's kid, rich or not.
Sob...sob...
What? You're crying?! Well, I don't mind you crying, but please don't let your tears drop anywhere. 'Cause the moisture and salt content in tears may have adverse effects on Fossils.
Sob...sob... Sorry. I'm ashamed of myself. You're absolutely right... I was behaving like a spoiled child... Now, I'll excuse myself...
Oh my. She's still wet behind the ears... I hope she'll grow into a great stone maniac someday...
Looking at your white Pokémon reminds me of the Devon president's son. I heard he traveled all the way to Kalos, crossing three oceans to find the white Pokémon and some kind of stone. That's what you'd expect from someone who calls himself a wandering stone collector.
