Latios... It's beautiful... If I were to describe such beauty in terms of a stone, it would be a Water Stone. No... It goes beyond that... Isn't its brilliance like that of a Dawn Stone? It is as fantastic as a Steel-type Pokémon...
Latias... It's beautiful... If I were to describe such beauty in terms of a stone, it would be a Sun Stone. No... It goes beyond that... Isn't its brilliance like that of a Dawn Stone? It is as fantastic as a Steel-type Pokémon...
Hm?
Team Magma, is it? So Latios noticed their coming, and that is why it called on us.
Team Aqua, is it? So Latias noticed their coming, and that is why it called on us.
Huhn?! What's this?! You?!
Huh?!
Mr. Matt, sir! That pipsqueak over there is the kid that I heard keeps getting in our way!
B-but that rather alluring gentleman with himer... Oh, I feel like I should know him from somewhere... Maybe he's a contest star?
Oh ho! I have no time to worry about that! The name's Matt! That's Team Aqua Admin Matt to you!

What I want from you is that Latias behind you there.
But that Mega Stone... We of Team Aqua are definitely gonna need the transcendent power of Mega Evolution to achieve our ambitions.
How 'bout it? If you get out of our way, we won't rough you up.
I'm not moving!
Go right ahead.
That's right. Full points for the correct answer!
Hmph! It's good that you feel up to joking, but this is no laughing matter.
I'll take part in this battle as well.
Let's protect Latios from these beasts together. We cannot allow Latios or even a Mega Stone to fall into the hands of such villains!
Let's protect Latias from these beasts together. We cannot allow Latias or even a Mega Stone to fall into the hands of such villains!
Oh ho! If you're really that stupid, then I have no choice but to squash you!
Eeep?!
Oh ho! Strong, ain'tcha?
You're an interesting punk, too, I'll give you that!
I love interesting, strong dudes! That's why I love my bro, Archie! And that's why I'm gonna start loving you from now on, too! Next time I see you, I'll smash you up real good, OK?
Let's get outta here, you dull Grunt!
Y...yes...sir...
Hah...
Good work, <var>.
Good work, <var>.
You performed spectacularly. We were able to protect both this wondrous Pokémon and its Mega Stone, thanks to you.
And it looks as though Latios may have also recognized you as a Trainer worthy of its trust.
And it looks as though Latias may have also recognized you as a Trainer worthy of its trust.
Look. It's trying to offer you its allegiance. I believe it is trying to show that it wants to go with you on your journey.
Go on. Hold out your hand to it.
Latios joined your team!
Latias joined your team!
You should take this from me...
With the Mega Bracelet that I just gave you and the Mega Stones that a Pokémon may hold, your Pokémon will be able to achieve a powerful boost, quite unlike any usual form of Evolution... but only if you are bound by great affection. You will be able to achieve Mega Evolution. I suggest you try it with Latios the next time that you happen to have the chance in battle.
With the Mega Bracelet that I just gave you and the Mega Stones that a Pokémon may hold, your Pokémon will be able to achieve a powerful boost, quite unlike any usual form of Evolution... but only if you are bound by great affection. You will be able to achieve Mega Evolution. I suggest you try it with Latias the next time that you happen to have the chance in battle.
Mega Evolution is a phenomenon that has long been shrouded in mystery. What is a Mega Stone? What is a Key Stone? The process by which bonds between Pokémon and people manifest in tangible power... How do we explain that?
If that settles that... Should we be heading back? Together with Latias, waiting so patiently for us there...
If that settles that... Should we be heading back? Together with Latios, waiting so patiently for us there...
All dreams are but another reality. Never forget...
... Who are you?
Hah?!
M-Mistress Courtney! That pipsqueak over there is the kid that I heard keeps getting in our way!
But that enviably unruffled-looking fellow there with him... Hm. I feel like I ought to know him from somewhere... Maybe he's a contest star?
Yes.
For the time being...get away from me.
The Pokémon behind you... Its Mega Stone... No more...no less. That is what... That's what we of Team Magma seek.
How about it? Will you get away from me... or not?
I won't!
Sure. Why not?
... Well then...
Puyah?!
As anticipated.
Unanticipated.
You. Target lock...completed. Commencing...experiment. You. Forever. Aha... ♪
Returning home.
W-wait for me! Courtne-e-e-y!
Shwahhn!
Hyahhn!
Latios is staring steadily at <var>...
Latias is staring steadily at <var>...
Hm? There's something on the ground here...
You seem to remember Steven warning you about something... "Do not be hasty in your excitement. You may wish to organize your PC Boxes before we set out. Just trust me on this." ... That's right! Time to organize your PC Boxes!
Would you like to give a nickname to Latios?
Would you like to give a nickname to Latias?
You'd like to nickname it <var>?
Are you sure you don't want to give it a nickname?
Your party is full! Please select a Pokémon to send back to your PC Boxes.
<var> is carrying a piece of Latiosite!
<var> is carrying a piece of Latiasite!
I hope that the Mega Bracelet I just gave you might bring us one step closer to finding the answer to these questions.
Ah, that's right. We should first heal up the Pokémon that fought on our behalf, shouldn't we?
Your team's health was restored!
Deleting...
