Supremely amazing! Congrats on completing the Pokédex!
Oh? Have you come to show me how your Pokédex is coming along?
Hoenn Pokédex


National Pokédex
Cancel
Your Pokédex must be jam-packed with all the memories of your journey... I hope you treasure it always!
What's this?! What a surprise! You've already completed your Hoenn Pokédex, have you?



What a shocker! You've already finished your entire National Pokédex!
Mm-hmm-hmm! It looks as though you've spotted <var> different Pokémon here in Hoenn!



You've caught a total of <var> kinds of Pokémon! Fantastic!
And <var> of those Pokémon belong in the Hoenn Pokédex!
Oh! What's this? This is just fantastic! You've caught every kind of Pokémon in the Hoenn region!



Why, look at this! You've finished the entire Hoenn Pokédex! Fantastic!
I think you'd benefit from a bit more fieldwork out in the tall grass!
It looks like you're getting the hang of things. But the adventure has barely begun!
Remember, when Pokémon appear in only one location, you've got no choice but to keep on searching.
It's still got a lot of room to grow, but it's starting to look like a real Pokédex!
This is really looking good! Keep up this kind of pace!
Have you been using any fishing rods? There are plenty of Pokémon in the sea!
Have you focused on evolving the Pokémon you have, as well as catching new ones?
Why, congratulations! You've seen all of the Pokémon in the Hoenn Pokédex!
























Now that things are looking up for Hoenn, if you travel widely, you're sure to meet new Pokémon!
I get the feeling that this is on its way to being a fine Pokédex. Never fear!
To think you'd have caught this many Pokémon... You really do have a talent for this!
It's said that there are many possibilities lurking in the Evolution of Pokémon.
Have you spent any time in the Safari Zone? From what I hear, it's the only place in Hoenn to catch certain Pokémon!
You've finally broken the big 3-0-0! This is a splendid Pokédex!
Oh, that reminds me... I believe there are some Pokémon that you can find using Rock Smash...
Maybe trading Pokémon with others will help you fill up some Pokédex entries.
Did you know that there are some Pokémon that evolve when they feel friendly toward you?
Mega Evolution... Primal Reversion... And who knows what other forms of Evolution that may have become lost in the passage of time... Many evolutionary possibilities may have come and gone since Pokémon first appeared in our world...
Getting to meet the Pokémon who exist in the same brief span of time as you... When you think of it like that, filling in the Pokédex feels like something of a miracle!
One can learn about all the Pokémon in Hoenn by looking through your Pokédex!
The GTS is an effective tool for completing your Pokédex! Give it a try sometime!
I'd recommend trading some Pokémon with your friends.
I must say, you wouldn't make a bad Pokémon Professor yourself.
Look at this Pokédex! You're like a pro now!
Amazing! You're so close to becoming a master of Pokémon catching!
Almost 700... Just a little more! Keep going!
How exciting! You've nearly completed the National Pokédex! I'm absolutely sure you can do it!
Congratulations to you! You've completed the Pokédex! Sniffle... I am overwhelmed. My decision to give you that Pokédex I'd ordered was wholly justified. This completed Pokédex is a testament to your hard work... And to the support of the many who helped you... And to the bonds you have built with your Pokémon! It is a unique treasure!
You've been meeting new Pokémon at a good clip, haven't you? I've got a little something for you, and I'd love it if you stopped by the lab!
You've been meeting new Pokémon at a good clip, haven't you? Here, take this as a little reward for all your hard work!
If you're holding an Oval Charm, you'll have a better chance of finding an Egg at the Pokémon Day Care.
Holding a Shiny Charm will improve your chances of finding a Shiny Pokémon!






























