See, <var>? Isn't it nice in here, too?
The moving company's Pokémon even help with the unpacking and cleanup. They really make moving a cinch!
Well, <var>? Don't you want to go see your new room?
<var>, go set the clock in your room, honey. I hung it on the wall, right between your desk and that big map.
Oh! <var>! <var>!!! Quick! Come quickly!
It's the Petalburg Gym! Maybe Dad will be on TV!
Interviewer: ...
Interviewer: We brought you this report live from in front of Petalburg Gym. Next up, a special look at a long-awaited meteor shower in the next star show...
Oh... It's already ended. Looks like your dad was on, but we missed his part. What a shame.
But that reminds me... One of Dad's friends lives in this town. Professor Birch is his name. He lives right next door, so you should go over and introduce yourself.
Professor Birch lives right next door. Your dad would want you to go say hi. Go stop by while I clean up around here.
Did you get to meet Professor Birch?
You feeling OK, <var>? You look a little tired. I think you should rest a bit.
Now take care out there, honey!
Oh? Did Dad give you that Badge?! Then here's something from your mom!
It's a wonderful thing to try hard at your passion, but don't push yourself too hard, dear. You can always come home if you need to. Good luck, honey!
Graoh, graoh, graoh...
Gwagwah gwah...
A movie is on TV. Two men are dancing on a big piano keyboard. Better get going!





Oh, hello. And you are? ... Oh, you're <var>, our new next-door neighbor! Welcome! We have a daughter about the same age as you. She has been so excited about making a new friend. She should be in her room upstairs. I hope you'll go and introduce yourself!
Oh, hello. And you are? ... Oh, you're <var>, our new next-door neighbor! Welcome! We have a son who is just about the same age as you. He has been so excited about making a new friend. He should be in his room upstairs. I hope you'll go and introduce yourself!
I do hope you'll be friends with my daughterson. ShHe should be upstairs. Go on up and say hi.
Where is that husband of mine? It was so good of you to visit, <var>, and yet he's nowhere to be found!
Where is that husband of mine? It was so good of you to visit, <var>, and yet he's nowhere to be found!
Oh? If it's May you're wanting, she's gone off somewhere again. That child is just like her father! Can't stay in the house for five minutes!
Oh? If it's Brendan you're wanting, he's gone off somewhere again. That child is just like his father! Can't stay in the house for five minutes!
It's all well and good to want to adventure with your Pokémon... But kids should at least stop by home from time to time! You should drop by to reassure your mother that you're fine. I'm sure your mother worries about you as well, <var>.
It's all well and good to want to adventure with your Pokémon... But kids should at least stop by home from time to time! You should drop by to reassure your mother that you're fine. I'm sure your mother worries about you as well, <var>.

The clock on the wall isn't moving... You've got to set the time!
Now the hands are moving right on time!
It's a pretty cool wall clock!
It's a pretty cute wall clock!
How do you like your new room, <var>? Good! Everything's put away neatly! They finished moving everything in downstairs, too. It really is so nice having Pokémon around to help us! Oh, but you should make sure that everything's all there on your desk.


<var>'s notebook is full of adventure rules she jotted down! ADVENTURE RULE NO. 1 Open the menu with the X Button. ADVENTURE RULE NO. 2 Record your progress with Save.
<var> peered closely at the Hoenn region's Town Map!
It's a Wii U! It has a GamePad with a screen!
Pokémon fully restored, items all ready, and...
Huh?! Who...are you?
...
Oh! You must be <var>! Your move was today, huh?
Well, I'm May! Glad to meet you!
I...I actually have this dream of becoming friends with Pokémon all over the world.
And then when Dad—oh, I mean Professor Birch— told me about you moving here, <var>... Well, I was hoping you would be nice and we could be friends.
...B-but that's just silly, isn't it? I've just met you. Right, <var>? So what am I talking about...
Hee hee...
Oh no! I forgot! I was supposed to be going out to help Dad catch some wild Pokémon!
<var>, I'll see you later!
<var>! I was just checking my Pokédex. There's still a lot of Pokémon that I've seen but haven't caught. And there are plenty more that I think can still evolve further. I wonder where I should go next to catch more Pokémon...
I wonder where I should go next to catch more Pokémon... Hopefully somewhere that I might run into you again, <var>!
Pokémon fully restored... Items all packed, and...
Y-you... Who are you?
<var>? Oh, you're the new kid who just moved in next door?!
Huh... I didn't know that you'd be a girl.
Dad—I mean, Professor Birch—told me you were the kid of a Gym Leader, and I sort of hoped you'd be a guy.
My name's Brendan. Well, I guess we are still neighbors, so... Nice to meet you! Let's be friends, OK?
Huh? Hey, <var>... Don't you have any Pokémon? If you want, I can go catch you one.
Aw, wait, I forgot... I'm supposed to be going out to help my dad catch some wild Pokémon.
Some other time, OK?
Oh! Hey, <var>! I was just checking out my Pokédex. I know there are even more Pokémon I need to catch, but it's still pretty impressive, right? Checking this Pokédex out gives me the urge to hit the road again on another adventure...
I'm having a hard time deciding where I should go to catch Pokémon next... But, hey, if I run into you while I'm out there catching Pokémon, <var>, I can pitch you a battle if you want.


There are some notes on the page, written in cute, round script. "★ This will be on the next test! ★ Each Pokémon can learn up to four moves! Which moves you teach a Pokémon will show how good of a Trainer you are!"
There are some notes on the page, written in spare, angular script. "This'll be on the test! Don't forget! Each Pokémon can learn up to four moves! Which moves you teach a Pokémon will show how good of a Trainer you are!"
Thanks for all the hard work! We really appreciate it!
You should go and see your new room upstairs, <var>! Dad even bought a new clock for it to help celebrate the big move. You'll need to set the time, though!
The hour hand was set to <var> and the minute hand to <var>!
Hm?
Why, if it isn't <var>! It's been some time since I last saw you, but you look...stronger, somehow. That's the impression I get.
But your old man hasn't given up yet!
Oh, and before I forget... I was thinking of giving these to you.
They're tickets to the star show that's being held at the Mossdeep Space Center. I was really planning to go with your mom, but...
It looks like I've got to rush back to the Gym in Petalburg.
Oh! Hmm. You know, it is a pair of tickets...
Why don't you invite that little cutie May from next door to come along?
Why don't you invite that Brendan boy from next door to come along?
Now I'd better be heading back to the Gym.
Thanks for looking after the house while I'm away, dear.
Of course, dear. You have a safe trip.
Ohhh, that dad of yours! He comes home for the first time in ages, and all he talks about is Pokémon! Why can't he ever just let go and relax?
Television: ...And tomorrow the long- awaited star show will finally begin! We've got all the latest news and updates!
Oh? Well, and just like that... Look at this, <var>!
Newscaster: At last the Litleonid meteor shower returns to illuminate Hoenn's night sky! The star show held at the Mossdeep Space Center will provide the best view of the shooting stars from the center's lofty viewing deck! We hope you all will take the chance to join...
Oh! It sounds lovely!
The Litleonids, hmm? I remember going to see them with your dad 11 years ago when they last passed by!
You should march right over to invite that neighbor girlboy you're friends with. You can't let that pair of tickets you got from Dad go to waste—so take herim along!
It's an advertisement for the space show in Mossdeep. ... Better get going!
Ughhh...
Owwww...
May, are you OK?! Oh, what should I do! What should I do?! Oh, wibble...
Brendan, are you OK?! Oh, what should I do! What should I do?! Oh, wibble...
It's not that big of a deal, Mom. She just knocked me down a bit... Yowch! That stings!
It's not that big of a deal, Mom. She just knocked me down a bit... Yowch! That stings!
... Oh! <var>!
... Oh! H-hey, <var>!
<var>, you... You're all right, huh? ...That's a relief.
Looks like she didn't get you, huh? That's a relief.
It all happened so fast that I couldn't do a thing, but... Some strange woman came in my window, upstairs... And then she... She took my Key Stone from me...
Everything happened so fast that I couldn't do a thing, but... Some strange woman came in my window, upstairs... And then she... She stole my Key Stone...
I tried to fight her off with my team, but... She was really strong... I didn't stand a chance...
I tried to fight her off with my team, but... She was unstoppable... I didn't stand a chance...
I think I heard her muttering under her breath as she left, though... Something like "Petalburg's next..." <var>...be careful.
I think I heard her muttering under her breath when she left, though... Something like "Petalburg's next..." ...You be careful, <var>.
I'm really happy you came to visit me, but...I'm sorry... I think I'll have to sit this one out.
Um, it's really cool that you came to visit me, but...sorry... I think I gotta sit this one out...
Who could have done such a thing to my sweet girlboy...
Oh, hello, sweetie. Feel free to stay awhile.



Hm?
Morning, <var>.
You must've been bushed. You slept like a log.
Oh, but before I forget... This came for you. It's from someone named Briney.
Hm, so it was a ferry ticket, was it?
As I recall, you can catch the ferry from the ports in Slateport and Lilycove.
<var>! If you have ambition as a Trainer, I want you to take that ferry to the Battle Resort. I think it will teach you that there is no end to a Trainer's chosen path.
I'd better be heading back to the Petalburg Gym, then. Thanks for looking after the house while I'm away, honey.
Ohhh, that dad of yours! Can't he ever forget about work? I wish he could just switch it off and take it easy sometimes! But I love him just the way he is...
I suppose May and <var> have probably arrived by now...
I suppose Brendan and <var> have probably arrived by now...
I imagine so.
The weather is good today. They should get a good view of the stars.
But you know...I really am glad we moved here from Johto.
I think that meeting you, Birch, and Mrs. Birch and little May, has had a huge impact on <var>'s life.
I think that meeting you, Birch, and Mrs. Birch and your boy, has had a huge impact on <var>'s life.
Oh, it's just the same for our MayBrendan.
Don't you agree, dear?
Of course!
Whenever she does make it home, all May has to talk about is Pokémon and her precious friend <var>.
Whenever he does make it home, all Brendan has to talk about is Pokémon and his pal <var>.
I think she's over the moon about this adventure and the great friend she's found.
I think our boygirl is just the same. HShe always looks so happy these days.
I hope you'll continue to look after our <var> for many more years to come.
Bwahahaha! Why, Norman! You don't even have to ask... Nothing could make me happier!
Hahahaha... Thanks, old friend.
...Well then, dear, isn't it about time we were headed back home? I should get supper started...
Oh, yes! Those kids'll probably be starving when they get home!
Oh, I didn't make any plans yet for dinner... What do you think we should have, dear?
Hmm. How about our little boygirl's favorite?
...Oh!
That reminds me! Here! I've been thinking I should give you this, <var>...
Remember the night you went to see the star show? Well, I found this in the grass out front the next morning! Isn't it pretty, the way it sparkles? It's like a rainbow!
Looks like Mom jotted something down! There are notes about tonight's dinner plans!
There are plans for a whole week's worth of meals!
