Sigh... I have today off from work, but it's like... Just thinking about going back tomorrow is dragging me down. I feel so unmotivated.
Hey, do you have a minute for a story? This is something that happened when I was watching the store one time...
It was, like, a totally dark night. Moonless. And I was all, "No way! This is so-o-o-o creepy!" Then, suddenly—whoosh! Out of nowhere, the automatic sliding door...slides open. And then this super-duper-scary old guy comes in, kinda unsteady, you know? Kinda shambling...
So I'm thinking how terrible and scary is this, and then the old guy shuffles over to me... He has a package, like, clutched in his hands... He's mumbling that he has to show it to me... Then he asks, "Do you know what this is worth?" He keeps staring right at me and not even blinking. I was so freaked out. I was, like... "Oh yes. It's, uh, really something, isn't it?"
So the old guy grins at me, and he says... "Then I'll just give you this instead of money. Now give me everything you've got in this store!" That's what he said! Really! I was like, "What is this? Too weird, my dude!" But I was scared, so I started shoveling over Potions and, like, whatever I could reach. I gave the dude everything for his stupid package. And out he goes, like, with a wicked grin on his face...
As he's walking out, he says, "Three days... For a mere three days will Hoopa be unbound..." Really! I was all, "Stop freaking me out with this nonsense!" I was, like, sweating. The back of my shirt was soaked. Anyway, nothing I could do, so I open the package. It's just a dirty old bottle. Li-i-i-i-ike, really. So I go, "Weirdness. Wonder what's in it." I grab the stopper and carefully pull it loose. Blapt! It popped open, but there was nothing inside! So I figure I totally got fooled.
...Thanks for listening to my story. Know what? I'm gonna give you the bottle from that night 'cause you're so nice. It's not doing me any good anyway. Really.
Sometimes I wonder if it really is only a dirty old bottle. Those last words that the old guy said as he left... "For a mere three days will Hoopa be unbound..." Just can't seem to get that out of my head...
Oh... You're that kid from that time...
What did you end up doing with that old bottle? Though...I guess it doesn't matter anymore. Really. It's just, even now, it's still bugging me, you know? "For a mere three days will Hoopa be unbound..." That's what he said. I just can't seem to forget it...
