Please, just a moment, mon chou! I need you to attendez!
Do forgive us, young masteristress, for speaking without an introduction. There is a matter of great import that we must discuss. Is it true that you have somehow obtained the Mythical Pokémon Diancie?
Diancie... The inexplicable mutation arising from the Pokémon we know as Carbink... When and where it originates from, and the mécanisme of its formation... It is indeed a mystérieuse existence, one of des plus grands mystères!
Diancie is the epitome of beauty among Pokémon. The divine symmetry of its body enables it to absorb light and display a radiance beyond the awareness of this realm. It is said that, upon Mega Evolving, Mega Diancie emanates a beauty that surpasses all known beauty.
That beauty... It is so dazzling to behold that people call it the "Royal Pink Princess." Our jeune maître—young master—has been searching for Diancie in order to see this beauty fantastique. And we two have managed to obtain the Diancite that is nécessaire for its Mega Evolution. We have been most ardent to discover a Diancie that we might take back to our young master, to show to him this famed beauté ultime. Yet we have proved unsuitable to the task, unable to secure the indispensable Diancie!
Please allow me to ask you directly... Will you agree to relinquish your Diancie to us?
No way!
All right...
Is there no way we can persuade you?
Mon chou, please... If you could only...
Vraiment? You will? Oh, what a relief to have met with a Trainer so understanding! Then...
...Wait.
M-master?!
Hey, I'm sorry they've been bugging you.
Um, you guys... I'm really glad you tried so hard to find a Diancie for me. Truly. But... Well, I think you might be on the wrong track.
I'm not even that into finding a Diancie anymore, you know. What I really want now is a big, tough Pokémon—you know?
So, you've got a Diancie, right? How about we give you the Diancite we found? It'd be a crazy waste to have a rare Pokémon like that and never even Mega Evolve it. You know?
That's what you gotta do, am I right? Mega Evolve them like bam! And then... Pow! Pow! And end that battle in a flash! Even if folks do call it a royal pink whatever, I bet a Mega Evolved Diancie would be crazy strong! Who knows? You keep rolling your way through battles and strolling away with victories! That's what I wanna see, you know!
OK, you two! Now let's shoot for a big, tough Pokémon!
Ohoho... Mon jeune maître...
