Ahoy! We've struck land in Dewford, ladss. I suppose you'll be heading ashore to deliver that letter to what's-his-name or whomever. If you're ever feeling lost and adrift though, try calling in on the island's Pokémon Gym. The Leader, Brawly, surely knows everyone and everything that goes on in his town!
Have you delivered that letter yet? Or were you meaning to sail back Petalburg way, maybe?
To Petalburg and environs! Anchors aweigh! Peeko, we're setting sail, my darling!
Then you go on and deliver that letter. I have the deck. If you're ever feeling lost and adrift though, try calling in on the island's Pokémon Gym. The Leader, Brawly, surely knows about everything that goes on here in his town!
Ahoy! We've hit land in Dewford! You just go on and tell me whenever you want to set sail again, ladss!
Ahoy! We'll lift anchor anytime for you! So tell me, my friend, where are we bound?
Petalburg City, or thereabouts? Anchors aweigh! Peeko, we're setting sail, my darling!
Slateport City, is it? Anchors aweigh! Peeko, we're setting sail, my darling!
Just tell me whenever you want to hoist anchor again.
Route 104 (near Petalburg)
Head to Dewford
Route 109 (near Slateport)
Never mind
Ahoy! We've made land in Slateport! I suppose you're off to visit Captain Stern and deliver those Devon Parts?
Aren't you about delivering those Devon Parts? Or were you meaning to sail back to Dewford?
Dewford it is, then! Anchors aweigh! Peeko, we're setting sail, my darling!
Then you go on and deliver those Devon Parts. I'll wait till all's blue.
Ahoy! We've hit land in Slateport! You go on and tell me if-an'-ever you want to set sail again, ladss!

You just tell me if-an'-ever you need to set sail again!
Hold on, lass! Belay that, Peeko!
Oh, if it ain't <var>! You're the one who saved my Peeko! Aye, but we owe you for that day! What's that? You want to sail with me? What's this all about, then? A letter bound for Dewford? Certainly, that'd be no problem at all. You've come to the right man! Shall we hoist sail for Dewford at once?
Oh, if it ain't <var>! You're the one who saved my Peeko! Aye, but we owe you for that day! What's that? You want to sail with me? What's this all about then? A letter bound for Dewford? Certainly, that'd be no problem at all. You've come to the right man! Shall we hoist sail for Dewford at once?
Dewford, we're a-coming! Anchors aweigh! Peeko, we're setting sail, my darling!
Your delivery can wait? You're one to gaff off! You just go on and tell me whenever you want to set sail.
Ahoy! I know exactly what you want to say! You're to deliver that letter to Dewford, or ain't that so? You've come to the right man if that's the case! Shall we hoist anchor for Dewford first?
Ahoy! I know exactly what you want to say! You've still got to deliver that case to young Stern in Slateport. Ain't that so? You just leave it up to this old seadog! Weigh anchors! We're for Slateport today!
Ahoy! We'll lift anchor anytime for you! So tell me, my friend, where are we bound?
You sure about that? Well, Peeko owes her life to you, ladss. You just go on and tell me anytime you want to set sail. I'll brave any tide for you!

Oho! It looks as though you have delivered your chit good and proper. Ah, but that reminds me! I've had a message from President Stone, saying he has another favor to ask. It's about them Devon Parts that you recovered for him before. Seems as though they should go to some fellow called Stern at Slateport's shipyard. This old seadog will see you there safely! Weigh anchors! We're for Slateport!
