
The <var> in your Bag seems to be glowing faintly...
I'm investigating this place Sea Mauville at Captain Stern's request. He wanted me to look for a Scanner while I'm here, but I haven't found anything like that. I suppose the only place I haven't checked yet is that lowest room you can only reach by diving underwater. But I just hate having the water close over my head...
Ahhh! Is that the Scanner? Hmm... Do you think you could deliver it to Captain Stern? I still have things I want to inspect while I'm here.
You delivered that Scanner for me! Thanks again! I heard about it from Captain Stern. He just contacted me a little while ago. It seems that when he checked the data on the Scanner, he got high-energy readings never seen in the Pokémon native to Hoenn! I'm not sure what it all means, but it sure is exciting! The thrill of research!
The door is locked. It has "Storage" written on it.
<var> used the Storage Key! The key stuck fast in the keyhole, but the door opened!
...Hm? You want something?
Mmm... It's just not going at all.
Mmm... Haven't caught any Pokémon. But I guess I did catch this...
Mmm... I guess I'm not really waiting for a bite... It's really that I love times like this, out fishing on my own...
How's it going?
You caught anything?

Oh my, are you a tourist? I am a member of the nature preservation society that manages this site.
Is there anything you would like me to tell you about Sea Mauville?
This place was once a facility built to extract natural resources that can be found in the ocean. However, a certain event led to the facility's closure. Normally you would expect that an unnecessary facility like this one would be torn down. But an environmental survey carried out before new construction led to the awareness that a unique environment had risen here at Sea Mauville. As a result, the demolition plans were shelved, and this space was reborn as a Nature Preserve.
The most easily recognizable feature of Sea Mauville is this building, which now tilts precariously into the sea. After being exposed to the elements for so long, the building's support structures weathered and corroded, ultimately leaving the building in its current state. Please be careful where you step as you experience for yourself the awesome power of nature. Also note the mangroves growing in this area. They are extremely rare trees and can only be found here and around Mossdeep City. Lastly, I would like to point out the interior of the building has been largely untouched in the decades following Sea Mauville's closure—a fact that most of our visitors delight to experience.
Thank you very much. We are also fundraising for the preservation of Sea Mauville. Our request is $100 per visitor. Can we count on your support?
Thank you very much, and we hope you will continue to support our efforts in the future.
... We really hope we may look forward to your support in the future.
What is this place?
What is there to do?
I'm good.
Sea Mauville A Hoenn Region Protected Area
Muhuhuhu... Good, good. I like it—I really do. This atmosphere, like it's been forgotten in time...
I'm here surveying Sea Mauville at the request of Captain Stern.
A mysterious ring is floating in the air. A mystical presence seems to be lurking within it... Would you like to examine it?
A mysterious ring is floating in the air...
