Ugh...
Ahahaha!
How pathetic you appear now. The fool, Archie.
Ugh! Arghhh...
M-Maxie...you...!
Fuhahaha! Just as I predicted.
L-little scamp...
Even I, the great Maxie, have found myself wishing for something I cannot justify. And the illogical desire that I harbored was to have you present here at this moment.
Hahaha... And now that fool's wish has come true. Fantastic! Nothing could please me more!
I suppose I should make introductions... I present to you my incomparable partner, who will assist Team Magma in driving humanity forward to its next level!
The super-ancient Pokémon...Groudon!
Behold! This great form slumbering in defiance of even the broiling lava surrounding it!
...
So long have I waited for this day... Immeasurably long!
This foolish world has held back humanity's progress out of misguided idealism regarding the coexistence of humans and Pokémon. But this ancient creature can bring that to its rightful end, creating a new land upon which humanity may stride freely forward.
And now, you are the final obstacle remaining between me and my goals. It behooves me to use every tool at my disposal to eliminate you.
Fuhahaha!
Hah... Hah... Hahhh...
... Ah. Aha... Fuhahaha...
Splendid. Just splendid, my young Trainer.
No, it is more than that! I should be calling you my young hero! Believing until the very end that a world where humanity and Pokémon coexist must be the best... Rejecting my ideals without a second thought... Yes, watching you struggle desperately to halt the beginning of the world's end... You are undoubtedly a hero!
So noble... And yet. I will not yield! I will not bend! My ideals will not be shaken! My dream for the world's next step forward will never change!
Wait! Maxie!
Buh?! Tabitha?!
Do stop that now... Please! Maxie!
You just don't understand! What Groudon will bring about upon awakening is an end to the world!
Y-you dare—?!
Hyuhn?!
Humph. Did you think I had not noticed? That I had somehow failed to realize you were after my spot? Such a sad development indeed. To be betrayed by my number two...
In the end, there is only one being upon which I can depend! Now, Groudon! Absorb all of the power resting in this Red Orb, and reclaim yourself! Revert to your primal form!
Augh... You...
Gahahahaha! At last... AT LAST! I've finally done it!!! A new world for human evolution will be born!!! We shall stride forward!!!
Ohh... What have you done... Boss... What...
...Hm? A message from our members outside?
What is it? So the sun has turned mercilessly fierce in its heat. I should expect so. That is what I have long— No, what WE have long wished for.
What?! The heat is greater than simulations predicted? It will be a risk to our own safety if it continues?! That cannot be... It has only just awoken... Where is it getting so much power from? And how much more will it gain when it does undergo Primal Reversion... C-continue your readings! Then report back!
Boss?! Maxie?! Just what's happening on the surface?!
All that matters is... That I have used the Red Orb to awaken Groudon. And now... I will transform this planet to a land ideal for humanity.
Hey, Maxie. Looks like we underestimated the power of the super-ancient Pokémon... The power of Primal Reversion...
What...did you say?
Primal Groudon brings about an "end," all right. But you don't get to choose what end. It's gonna drive every living thing on this planet to its death! The only thing waiting for us is despair. A despair we can't even run from. A despair that's gonna crush humanity. You blasted fool... And it's all happening 'cause you were cocky enough to think you could control the super-ancient Pokémon's power!
So the information we received from the Weather Institute was true... Boss Maxie! We'll never get anywhere just standing around here like this! There isn't a moment to spare! We must confirm the situation on the outside!
Child! You're coming, too! Hurry up!
Now that I have at last obtained the power of Primal Groudon!
Indeed! Even Mega Evolution! Do not delude yourself that you and your Pokémon are the only ones capable of it. I must apologize for making you wait through our encounters at Mt. Chimney and Mt. Pyre without treating you to this sight. Brace yourself for my ultimate attack!
I will use the Red Orb to awaken Groudon, revert it to its primal form, and put an end to all else!
This is the time to take back the great Evolution you lost in the ancient past! Reclaim the possibility you once held!
Kahahahaha! GAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
