Urk...
Bwahahaha!
You're looking pretty pathetic now, aren't you? The great Maxie!
Ugh...
A-Archie...you...
Bwahahaha!
Y-you, child...
Well, if it isn't my little adversary! I can't even find the words to praise you as you deserve.
Sometimes it's best to keep things simple. All I'll say is you met my expectations, scamp!
And I'm not just talking about today, but everything you've done up till now. And that's why you'll get the honor of meeting my new partner before anyone else living in this world!
The super-ancient Pokémon...KYOGRE!!!
How 'bout that?! That beautiful form so long resting at peace within the azure sea!
...
I've been waiting so long for this day to come.
We humans have disregarded Pokémon and nature both in our endless pursuit of our own desires and needs... And in the process, we've created this broken and disordered world... But this is the day when I finally obtain the power to return everything to how it once was—to return to our beginnings! Now that I can release the ancient power!
And now, you are the last token resistance that's trying to ruin my day. I'll use everything my team and I have to crush you once and for all!
GRAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
Hah... Hah... Ahh...
... Ah. Aha... Ahahahaha...
Perfect! You're just as great as any little hero trying to save the world oughta be!
But it changes nothing! I can't give up now! I can't!
I WILL use the power of this Blue Orb to awaken Kyogre at last! Then I'll return everything in this world to its original, pure state!!
Archie!
Shelly?!
That's enough!
Can't you see that the world you dream of and the world that Kyogre will create are two completely different places?!


Shelly... I always believed that you at least would understand my dreams...
But no! In the end, the only one I can depend on is you, Kyogre! Absorb all the power resting in this Blue Orb, and reclaim yourself! Revert to your primal form!
No... That...
Bwahahahaha! At last... AT LAST! I've finally done it!!! It hasn't even finished reversion, and it still has this much power!!! With this I can return everything to its natural beginning! It's time at last!
What...have you done...
Is that the crew outside?
What is it...? Oh? So the great deluge has begun... Bwahahahaha! But of course it has! That is exactly what I have—
What...? What do you mean far more than we thought?! It can't be... Then if it completes its Primal Reversion... N-never mind that! Just keep an eye on it!
Archie! What's going on outside?!
All that matters is... That I have used the Blue Orb to awaken Kyogre... And now... I will return this world to its natural state... The state that is best for Pokémon!
Archie. It appears you have made a grave error regarding Kyogre's powers.
What...did you say?
The "beginning" that Primal Kyogre brings about... The way that it resets the world... It starts by driving every living thing on this planet to death first! This path leads only to an inescapable despair that cannot be withstood. That is all you have brought us. This is what comes of the madness of thinking that you could ever control the super-ancient Pokémon's power!
I knew it. ... We just need to get out of here! Standing around complaining isn't going to solve anything!
You, too! Well, hurry up!
The ancient power of Primal Kyogre!
Oh? And...Mega Evolution? Did ya think that you and your Pokémon are the only ones who can use it? Let me show you now what I didn't get the chance to show you at Mt. Chimney... This is the true power of my team!
Now! AWAKEN, KYOGRE! RETURN EVERYTHING TO THE WAY IT WAS!!
This is the time to take back the great Evolution you lost in the ancient past!
Bwahahahahahaha! Bwaha! AHAHAHAHAHA!
