Hmmm... Not a one to be found...
Hello, have you seen any Pokémon called Shroomish around here? I really love that Pokémon.
I was going to ambush you, but you had to dawdle in Petalburg Woods forever, didn't you? I got sick of waiting, so here I am!
You! Devon researcher! Hand over those papers!
Aiyeeeh! You're a Pokémon Trainer, aren't you? You've got to help me, please!
Hunh? What do you think you're doing? What, you're going to protect him? No one who crosses Team Aqua gets any mercy, not even a kid! Come on and battle me!
Hunh? What do you think you're doing? What, you're going to protect him? No one who crosses Team Magma gets any mercy, not even a kid! Come on and battle me!

Grrr... You've got some nerve meddling with Team Aqua! Come on and battle me again! I wish I could say that, but I'm out of Pokémon... And, hey, we of Team Aqua are also after something in Rustboro. I'll let you go for today!
Grrr... You've got some nerve meddling with Team Magma! Come on and battle me again! I wish I could say that, but I'm out of Pokémon... And, hey, we of Team Magma are also after something in Rustboro. I'll let you go for today!
Whew... That was awfully close! Thanks to you, he didn't rob me of these important papers. I know! I'll give you this as my thanks!
And with this, I'll restore your Pokémon's health. It's another technical advance that I'm proud of!
You had your Pokémon's HP restored!
...Ah! Didn't that Team Aqua thug say they were after something in Rustboro, too?
...Ah! Didn't that Team Magma thug say they were after something in Rustboro, too?
Uh-oh! It's a crisis! I can't be wasting time!
The Exp. Share is a super high-tech device. I had to strain every fiber of my brain and body to develop this device! Turn the switch on, and battle experience will be shared by all party Pokémon! Please give it a try!









Yo, there! Your Pokémon doing OK? If your Pokémon are weak and you want to avoid battles, you should stay out of tall grass.
Sometimes, there are things on the ground even if you can't see them. That's why I always check where I'm walking.
Oh, the thing you have! It's a PokéNav Plus! That means you're a Trainer. Then you should try this item.
It's a Miracle Seed. If a Pokémon holds that item, its Grass-type moves become stronger. Besides Miracle Seed, I think there are other convenient items for Pokémon to hold.
Trainer Tips Any Pokémon that appears even once in a battle is awarded Exp. Points. To raise a weak Pokémon, put it at the top of the team list. As soon as a battle starts, switch it out. It will earn Exp. Points without being exposed to any harm.
Trainer Tips In addition to Hit Points (HP), Pokémon have Power Points (PP) that are used to make moves during battle. If a Pokémon runs out of PP, it must be taken to a Pokémon Center.
...This is the Petalburg recon team checking in.
I'm afraid I have to begin with an apology, Ms. Courtney... It's not good news...
I'm afraid I have to begin with an apology, Mr. Matt... It's not good news...
The mission is a no-go... A little something cropped up and got in the way...
...Roger that.
...Got it. Will do.
I'll continue investigating that energy we detected.
... ...Phew!
But that kid sure had some promise as a Trainer, I'd say.
...



The surface is covered with moss. Touching it feels good somehow.
