





















<var>. We have the Meteorite Shard. And I have come to understand many things, as I suspected might happen.
<var>. We have the Meteorite Shard. And I have come to understand many things, as I suspected might happen.
Allow me to introduce you. The honorable lady you see before you is a descendant of the ancient Draconids.
Yes, I am one of the Draconid people. One of those ancient folk tasked with passing down the knowledge of Mega Evolution—with the great lore of Lord Rayquaza, who was the beginning of all.
Since times long gone, Hoenn has repeatedly suffered great disasters. At times, the destruction took the form of a huge meteoroid, which fell upon our land from distant space. At other times, the Primal Reversions of our own super-ancient Pokémon brought us to the brink of destruction. Each time, Lord Rayquaza has saved us from doom.
The chosen Lorekeeper, standing before a stone that shone with rainbow light, offered up a wish to the great one. And Lord Rayquaza's body was suffused with a brilliant light and transformed. In its transformed state, Rayquaza's power was more devastating than ever before, overcoming even the super-ancient Pokémon with all their primal power.
A rainbow-colored stone... An invocation from the Lorekeeper... And a Rayquaza unlike any ever seen... I see. It does resemble what we know of the process of Mega Evolution...
Yes, it does indeed. A Pokémon, a person, a stone of power. The bonds that tie them all together... The transformation of the Pokémon that occurs as a result of this phenomenon was called "Mega Evolution" by later peoples.
So the mechanism for Mega Evolution was discovered as a result of the first meeting between humanity and Rayquaza... Hmmmm. But I have one last question. That "Lorekeeper" you spoke of...
The Lorekeeper is the one who has inherited the knowledge and power to summon Lord Rayquaza when disaster imperils this world. The true Lorekeeper of the current generation is the one called Zinnia. The disaster that now approaches our planet, as it has twice before... Zinnia has been trying for some time to avert it... in her own way. To draw Lord Rayquaza to our sphere, she joined a certain organization that sought to revive the super-ancient Pokémon. She taught them the secrets needed to bring back these threats and summon the great Dragon itself. And now it seems she travels the land, scouring the world for Key Stones...
So it was true... As I had suspected, that woman who appeared at the Space Center was one of the Draconids...
But I never dreamed she was involved in the attempted revival of the super-ancient Pokémon... In full knowledge of the power they held, fully understanding the terrible changes they would wreak upon our world... Still she helped bring that situation about? Did she give a thought to the many people and Pokémon whose lives were put at grave risk by her actions? Could she accept the inevitable sacrifice of so many lives, in order to protect the planet from the coming meteoroid?
Balance must rule this world. History is doomed to repeat itself... While our people have overcome many disasters in the past, it was always through great, great sacrifice... Yet we have continued to struggle to preserve peace for as many years as we can. That is how we have protected this world, upon which we now live. People... Pokémon... All nature... And, yes, even you. I do not know exactly what you plan to do. But do you believe that you are not sacrificing anything for your own protection? Zinnia will follow her convictions until the very end. Even knowing the sacrifices that they will require. Even if the sacrificial blade is leveled at her own heart.
... Is that right? ... I understand. Thank you for everything.
What is this... This vague sense of apprehension... And my intuition has often proven true. I am going back to Rustboro first. I have to get back to Devon.
That silver-haired dreamboat said he was headed back to Rustboro.
