Rediscover the charm of Pokémon! Welcome to the Pokémon Contest Spectacular! Would you like to participate in the contest?
Let's all show off for the judges and have fun! Welcome to the Pokémon Contest Spectacular! Here, you can participate in a contest with people nearby.
The Pokémon Contest Spectacular is a fun, spectacular event where four Trainers compete to see who has the loveliest Pokémon! First up is the Introduction Round! It's a competition between Pokémon who have increased their coolness or cuteness with a Pokéblock. After the Introduction Round, it's time for the Talent Round! It's a competition to see who can use their moves the best over the course of five turns! Use moves that match the title of the contest to make the audience go crazy! One last thing, there are two kinds of contests: single player, which you play alone, and multiplayer, which you play with friends. When you keep on winning single-player contests, you can enter higher and higher ranks, like Super Rank and Hyper Rank. Once you can enter a rank in single player, it becomes available in multiplayer! Please give it a try and see if you can become a Contest Star!
Then, please select the Pokémon you wish to enter.
If you'd like to decide the rules, choose "Become a leader," and if not, choose "Join a group."
Which category do you want to participate in?
How about rank?
How many people will play?
The contest will be held in a special hall. Please note that the camera's shutter sound will always be played at a fixed volume, regardless of the current volume setting. Do you still want to participate in it?
Your entry was accepted! Your Entry No. is <var>.
Please come again.
Thank you for participating! We hope to see you again soon!
Congratulations, <var>! Your <var> performed very well. We hope to see you again soon!
Congratulations! In commemoration of the victory of your <var> in the Master Rank of the <var> Contest, I present this Ribbon!
What's more... Since <var> won all the Master Ranks... In honor of its glory... I'll give you a Contest Star Ribbon, too! Whoopee! Bravo!
<var>, we wish you and <var> even greater success! We look forward to seeing you again!
Umm... Please participate in the contest again. Please come back again. I'll be waiting!
Welcome to the Pokémon Contest Spectacular! ...Oh? You don't seem to have a Contest Pass. We only accept Trainers who have Contest Passes as contestants of the Pokémon Contest Spectacular! Well, let me see... You might be able to get it from somebody. Slateport City is a big place. Why don't you try sightseeing in different places?
Oh! By the way, someone seems to be waiting for you in the green room. ...Right over there.
You can't participate in that rank yet! Please win the next-lowest rank first.
All right then, it's back to our good old hall.
I'm in charge of preparing the Contest Hall for everyone. If you'd like, I can create a special effect during the Talent Round in the Contest Hall. Do you want me to do it?
All right! I'll get it ready for you. Just enter the contest as usual.
All right! I'll prepare the hall as usual.
Well, how can I explain it? I can project a hologram through the entire hall. You won't be able to see the audience, but I think you'll enjoy the contest in a different atmosphere. The kind of atmosphere it will be is up to you. Well, let me ask you again...
Yes
No
Back
Enter
Do not enter
Info
Join a group
Become a leader
Two people
Three people
Four people
Coolness Contest
Beauty Contest
Cuteness Contest
Cleverness Contest
Toughness Contest
Normal Rank
Super Rank
Hyper Rank
Master Rank
<var> has changed into a Contest Costume!
<var> has changed into a Contest Costume!
I was watching the contest just now, and it was amazing! I'm so jealous! I wish I could perform like that! I don't even have a Contest Pass, though...
And that's why I want you to give it your all for me, too. Here, take this.
I saw you doin' your thing up there. It looks like contests are all about Pokémon, but the truth is that it's the combination of a Pokémon and its Trainer that matters most. Your Pokémon trusted your instructions about how to appeal to the crowd. I could see the bond between you and your Pokémon.
I wanna see you and your Pokémon performing even better. Let me give you a hand.
I was watching that contest and found it quite impressive indeed. Before I knew it, I was spellbound. Thank you for a lovely time.
I'm looking forward to your next performance. Take this as a symbol of my hopes for you.
I was fortunate enough to be able to view the contest in which you just partook. As a spectator of the contest, I am confident of my taste and discernment. It is my considered opinion that your performance was dazzling!
I expect more excellence from you in the future! Also, please be so kind as to wear that costume next time!
That contest was totally awesome! The Pokémon came out all "Boom!" Then the crowd was all, like, "Whoa!" It made me question my whole existence as a Picnicker. I'm a little distraught... That was fun, though!
I found this in the mountains. You can have it!
Good job! Your Pokémon is so lovely! I do hope you'll tell me sometime what you've done to raise your Pokémon so well.
I'll give you this. ...OK?
Good gracious, what a contest! Your performance made the whole thing! I came down here from the mountains in the hope I could find something good. Thanks for making my day!
Oh yeah! Let me give you something I found up in the mountains.
Hohoho! That was quite a nice contest just now. You and your Pokémon were so dreadfully charming that I simply couldn't take my eyes off you.
I have nothing but this to offer you, but would you be so gracious as to accept it?
You and your Pokémon... It would appear that you possess some mysterious power. I found myself fascinated by it in spite of myself. There must be something to this power!
I will bestow this upon you. Strive to further amplify your power!
You've got a nice team, don't you? I was touched! Even adults want to feel the excitement of Pokémon. Thanks for making it such a nice contest for us!
This is a reward from me.
That contest was excellent! When I see Pokémon giving their all to impress the crowd like that, it makes me feel alive!
Of course I saw how hard you were trying, too.
I've been waiting for you! What an amazing performance! I really wanted to tell you that. Please let me see your Pokémon again sometime.
I'll give you this, then. It's a deal, OK?
You're wonderful! I was moved! I felt the potential of Pokémon for things other than battles.
This is for your Pokémon, so they may shine even more brightly!
Hey! Hey, you! You were just in that contest, weren't you? Let's see, how can I put this... It was pretty good, wasn't it? I thought you and your <var> were great.
You can have this. Show me something great again next time!
I saw that contest that you and your Pokémon performed in. There are some delightful attractions over here in the Hoenn region, too.
Oh yeah! As long as you're here, take this. It's fine! It's fine! Put this present to good use.
This is a portrait of <var>, who performed well in the <var> Contest!
It looks like a place to display a portrait of a Pokémon that performed well in a contest.
It's a photo taken during the contest!
This looks like the place where a contest photo can be displayed.
Which would you like to know about?
Contests
Conditions
Pokéblocks
Pokéblock Kits
Condition refers to how well a Pokémon is displaying the charms it possesses. You can raise a Pokémon's condition by feeding it Pokéblocks. As long as you have Berries and a Pokéblock Kit, you can make Pokéblocks at any time. Pokémon that have a high condition that matches the contest's title will get bonus points in the Introduction Round. Be sure to raise the condition of whichever contest you'd like to make a splash in!
A Pokéblock is a lovely snack that you can use to raise your Pokémon's condition. You can make them by mixing together between two to four Berries. What kind of Pokéblock you make depends on the kinds of Berries you use, and different blocks raise different conditions. By the way, there are supposedly Pokéblocks made from very rare Berries, which greatly raise a Pokémon's condition! Please try out many different combinations!
A Pokéblock Kit is a convenient tool that lets you make Pokéblocks and feed them to your Pokémon. You can use a machine called a Berry Blender to make Pokéblocks. You can organize Pokéblocks by what kind they are and store them in your Pokéblock Case. It's very convenient!
Welcome to the Pokémon Contest Spectacular! It looks like you've brought your Contest Pass. Keep on trying until you become a contest star! Before we begin, some advice for first-timers... During the contest, your Pokémon will show the audience just how lovely it is! First up is the Introduction Round! The appearance of Pokémon that have raised their Coolness, Cuteness, or other conditions with Pokéblocks will be judged. After the Introduction Round, it's time for the Talent Round! It's a competition to determine how well Pokémon can use their moves over the course of five turns. Use moves that match the condition of the contest to make the audience go crazy! If you check the moves of the Pokémon that you want to put in the contest, you can see that they're split into five different conditions, such as Coolness and Cuteness. If you're in a contest with the same title as that condition, you can use that move to appeal to the crowd! After you place first in a Normal Rank contest, you can win your way through higher ranks! Very well...
Right this way, please!
Congratulations! <var>'s Pokémon performed the best! Next time, you can enter your Pokémon in the <var> of the <var> Contest!
Please be sure to enter the next rank, too! We'll be waiting for you!
Wireless communication is currently disabled. Please turn wireless communication on.
Please wait until preparations are complete.
