Welcome, <var>.
Welcome, <var>.
I was hoping I would get to see you make it here one day.
Tell me... What have you seen on your journey with your Pokémon?
What have you felt, meeting so many other Trainers out there?
Traveling this rich land of Hoenn... Has it awoken something inside you? I want you to come at me with all that you've learned. My Pokémon and I will respond in turn with all that we know!
Let it begin!

Just as I have come to expect. <var>, you are truly an excellent Pokémon Trainer. Congratulations to you!
And thank you... I had wanted to learn how you feel about this world, what kinds of ideals you have developed with your Pokémon... I feel I was able to find the answer in our battle.
The feelings you have for your Pokémon... And the way that your Pokémon gave their all in battle in response to those feelings...
Those two together created a great power. That is how you seized victory today.
I felt a thrill of excitement in my breast when we first met, and now I know for sure that feeling was not misplaced! You are rightfully the Hoenn region's new...
<var>, wait! I've got some advice you've got to hear before you challenge the Champion...
Huh? Wait—what? What? <var>... Could it be that... It's already over?
<var>! Before you go to challenge the Champion, I've got one last thing you've got to...
<var>... You didn't... No, you couldn't have... Did you already beat the Champion?!
See? What did I say, May? Didn't I tell you that <var> would be just fine?
See? What did I say, Brendan? Didn't I tell you that <var> would be just fine?
<var>, you've finally done it. When I heard that you defeated your own father at the Petalburg Gym, I thought perhaps you had a chance... But to think you've actually become the Champion!
<var>, you've finally done it. When I heard that you defeated your own father at the Petalburg Gym, I thought perhaps you had a chance... But to think you've actually become the Champion!

But congratulations on today's victory! Now go in there with your head held high!
<var>... No, I should call you the Hoenn region's new Pokémon League Champion... Come with me, Champion.
<var>... No, I should call you the Hoenn region's new Pokémon League Champion... Come with me, Champion.
I'm very sorry...
But only a Trainer who has successfully become the Champion may go beyond this point. You'll need to wait outside with the professor.
No waaay!
...
Just joking! It's OK! It's fine! Rules are rules, right?
<var>! Honestly, congratulations!
Wha—
...
Can't be helped, I guess. Them's the rules, right?
That's awesome, <var>. Congratulations...really!
Welcome back, <var>.
Welcome back, <var>.
I just thought, you know, that since we were both here and all...that I'd wait for you.
I just, uh, you know...
We set out on this journey together, right? So maybe we should finish it together, too.
We set out on this journey together, right? So maybe we should finish it together, too.
Hee hee...
D-don't go trying to read anything into it, though!
So...come on! Let's go home! Back to Littleroot Town!
Now, come on! We're going home! Back to Littleroot Town!
I still owe you for your help at the Sky Pillar. Thank you for that.
Hahaha! How unlike you to be so thoughtful.
Heh... You know, this experience really brought it home for me again... That there is still so much about this world that I do not know.
I wonder what would have happened to Hoenn... If <var> had not been here to aid us with this, and the incident with the super-ancient Pokémon... I alone was powerless to stop either.
I wonder what would have happened to Hoenn... If <var> had not been here to aid us with this, and the incident with the super-ancient Pokémon... I alone was powerless to stop either.
There is no one person in this world who knows all. None who can do all. Steven... There is no cause for such worries or concern.
Hmm. Heh. Don't worry. It's not that I am so shocked by my own disappointing performance. But rather...
Rather what?
I was just thinking how much more there is I must learn about nature...about Pokémon... and about my fellow humans as well... If I am to keep living in this huge, wide world.
I want to walk this world on my own two feet. To see it with my own eyes. To feel it on my very skin...
I need to put into practice all of the advice I ever gave to <var>. That's what I am thinking now.
I need to put into practice all of the advice I ever gave to <var>. That's what I am thinking now.
...? Steven... You can't intend to...
Hah hah hah! But no need to fear... I won't just disappear at once. I'll still be around doing my duty on behalf of the Pokémon League.
But, hmm... When the time does come for me to pursue my own hopes...
Well... I hope that you, Wallace, will be behind me to lend a hand.
...
Hmph. It seems I have little choice. I bow to the whims of the pampered heir. I, Wallace, will do this thing you wish.
Heh.
Hah hah hah... Thank you, my friend...
Now then... There are no words left for us to exchange. We will understand one another through battle!
I knew you would be strong... But I don't regret our battle. Because each time that I battle you, I learn more about Pokémon... Yes... I have something I'd like to give to you in thanks for all you've done.
That is a very special piece from my collection... But I think you are capable of appreciating its worth.
Come. It is time we record your great victory.
Welcome, Champion. Let me test my skills against you once again!
In the end, you are still the strongest. Amazing. Now let us make a record of your victory!
Just as I have come to expect. <var>, you are truly an excellent Pokémon Trainer. Congratulations to you!
