Who might you be?
This is the Cave of Origin. The spirits of Pokémon, becalmed at Mt. Pyre, are said to be revived here.
Please leave.
...
Team Magma...and Team Aqua...
We've been waiting, ya scamp!
Leader Maxie... to that child...?
...I know what must be done.
I will entrust this to you now. It is the fruit of our collaboration with the Devon Corporation, and it represents the height of Hoenn's technological knowledge and skill.
We had actually been preparing that in anticipation of making contact with Groudon... But at this point, it doesn't look like there's any hope of that for us... There's nothing we can do except leave it to you.
And yet... Even with that Magma Suit, is it probable that anyone could pass through that magma, now fiercer than ever due to the forces of nature?
That's true. It is very possible that its energy could be far greater than our calculations show.
There is nothing to fear.
The Blue Orb he bears... Its ancient powers will protect both the boy and his Pokémon.
The Blue Orb she bears... Its ancient powers will protect both the girl and her Pokémon.
You've hit the nail on the head! Those old folks at Mt. Pyre did say something about that... That the Red Orb would unleash Groudon's primal powers... And trigger a Primal Reversion. ...While the Blue Orb had the power to reverse that and calm the beast.
Yes. The energy overflowing from the Cave of Origin just now... It is the same energy that gives Groudon its power... With the Blue Orb, which contains the power to suppress that... It should be possible to calm the rage of this flood of magma.
Of course the Blue Orb's power alone will not lead you to where Groudon waits. You will not reach Hoenn's Core that way.
<var>... To think that you had the Blue Orb...
<var>... To think that you had the Blue Orb...
You'll be OK. You and your Pokémon can handle it, whatever happens.
I believe that.
No man or woman from Sootopolis is permitted to enter the Cave of Origin.
But you must go, together with your Blue Orb.
You must go regardless of what waits for you inside that cave...
We'll also get our people together up top here, to help any folks and Pokémon in trouble.
Child, you... No. I have no right to call you "child." Fellow Trainer. I have caused great harm, and for that I apologize most sincerely. But now we find ourselves at an impasse, and you and your Pokémon are all that humanity has to count on in its stand against Groudon...
<var>!
<var>!
I heard on the news that things were going haywire around Sootopolis... And then I saw you on BuzzNav, <var>! I couldn't sit there and do nothing when I knew you were here in the thick of it, so I came flying!
When I saw the news about Sootopolis on BuzzNav, and there you were, <var>... Anyway, all I could think of was coming to help! You don't know how glad I am to see that you're still in one piece.
Bwuh? Isn't that Team Magma? And Team Aqua?! ...OK, can I just say that I am, like, shocked and confused on so many levels right now?
Bwuh? Is that Team Magma? And Team Aqua?! ...OK, I don't really know what to say right now, but I'm kind of dumbfounded.
This is probably something way bigger than I can imagine, isn't it? So I'm not even going to ask right now.
Look, I get that this is probably something way bigger than I've ever imagined... So I won't bother with any questions now.
I'm going to try to find what I can do to help, and then I'm going to do my best with that. And I'm going to keep on hoping and believing that y-you'll be OK out there, <var>.
I'm gonna find out what I should do to help, and then I'm going to do whatever I can. You'd better do the same, <var>.
You alone must go. You and your Blue Orb. You must go regardless of what may wait for you inside that cave.
You'll be OK. You and your Pokémon can handle it, whatever happens. I believe that.
We'll also get our people together up top here, to help any folks and Pokémon in trouble. My little scamp of a savior... Looks like we're dumping the whole burden on your wee shoulders. Sorry it has to be that way. But I know you're gonna see this to the end!
Fellow Trainer. I have caused great harm, and for that I apologize most sincerely. But now we find ourselves at an impasse. You and your Pokémon are all that humanity has to count on in its stand against Groudon... The fate of our world... The world upon which all humanity thrives... The fate of our world rests in your hands!
All right! Now is the time for us to carve out a new future with our scientific prowess! For the pride of Team Magma, we will struggle ferociously!
I'm going to try to find what I can do to help, and then I'm going to do my best with that. And I'm going to keep on hoping and believing that you'll be OK out there, <var>. Please...give it everything you've got!
I'm gonna find out what I should do to help, and then I'm going to do whatever I can. You'd better go do the same, <var>. ...And I'll always be right there behind you. A-after all, we're friends, right?
<var>!!!
<var>!
It's really over, isn't it...
So it's all over...
<var>, we owe you great thanks.
<var>, we owe you great thanks.
Look above you. The sky over Sootopolis has returned to normal.
Somehow, it's...so warm...
Is the energy that had been amassed deep within the Cave of Origin now flowing out to pour over the greater world?
It's as if the uncertainty and fear from moments ago never even existed. My heart feels like it's been softly set at ease...
... The sea or the land... Pokémon or humanity... All this time we've just been trying to grab onto happiness for one of them, even if it meant destroying the other...
... I suppose...you may be right...
However... Personally, in my case...
Some wrongs cannot be atoned for, no matter how you try to right them. And I have committed wrongs so great as to bring the whole world to its knees. It may be that I... It may be too much to assume that I should deserve the chance to start anything over.
Leader... Without a doubt, you have committed an offense that can never be forgiven. You have wronged not only Team Magma but all living things on this planet, whether great or small.
However, that is precisely why you must now set things right. You must continue to atone for the sins you have committed, even at the risk of your own life...
T-Tabitha...
... Thank you.
Y'know... Someday we adults are gonna have to hand this world off to this little scamp and the rest of hiser generation. But what kinda world are we adults gonna make? What kinda world do we wanna pass to these kids? If we haven't even figured that out ourselves, we're never gonna get anywhere. So are we gonna make a world where everyone can coexist together? Or, after all, is it gonna be a world that we claim by force? One that we fight and scrabble over... I don't know, but I think we can at least start by giving it some time and thinking it over. All of us can do that, whether we're Team Aqua or Team Magma or whatever...
You were able to use that Blue Orb to great effect, so I imagine you will also be able to handle this. Have Groudon hold it, and you should be able to control its Primal Reversion for at least a short period, such as during a battle.
And that's it from me! Later, scamp!
Farewell.
... Team Magma and Team Aqua are made up of people with completely opposing ideals and goals. But perhaps even they can learn to meet halfway...one small concession at a time.
I know it's too much to expect that everything will change at once, but...
I hope this crisis might at least help them take that first vital step forward.





I imagine that many changes are happening now all across Hoenn. I hope you will be able to travel this world and see its richness with your own eyes— and revel in its newness in your own heart.
But for the present, you may first wish to challenge this city's Pokémon Gym. There, you'll find the very same Wallace who helped us so much waiting for you. He's strong. But the way you are now, you should be capable of battling him on an equal footing.
People, Pokémon, nature itself... Our survival in this world depends on all of us living together in harmony. I feel I have just begun to understand that. And I'm wondering how the world will continue to change from this point on... It fills me with an inexplicable excitement.
<var>...
<var>...
As you and your Pokémon live and grow in this changed world, I wonder what effect it will have on you. What will you think about? What ideals will you believe in?
Until then...
Phew! Finally, it's just the two of us again. I've got to say...thanks for everything you've done for our region, <var>.
Phew! It feels like we can finally relax, huh? I guess that now's the time to say thanks for all you've done, <var>.
Anyway, you did something really amazing today, so try to take it easy for a while!
But...well, you did do something pretty amazing. So take it easy for a while, OK, buddy?
See you later!
Later!
The Cave of Origin, where all things begin... Mt. Pyre, where all things come to an end... Pokémon and humans both... Where do we come from? Where are we going?
The legend told by the old man on Mt. Pyre... It wasn't a made-up story after all...
The natural balance of things is going through a wrenching shift here in Hoenn...
What a...glorious turn of events...
Is it really? Ohohohoho! Is it really?
To think that this tree... I never knew we had received it from that huge man who visited from the Kalos region...
Goodness me, old master. This has been a learning experience. I thank you for this.
Ohoho! You're too kind, Master Wallace! Ohohohoho!
No, no, you're too modest. Hah hah hah... Now then...
Welcome again to Sootopolis, our new Champion, <var>. Steven has told me everything. Do you wish to go to the Sky Pillar?
It is true the cave that leads to the Sky Pillar can only be opened by the hand of someone descended from the ancient people of Sootopolis...as, indeed, am I.
Or by one of the Draconids, who have also lived in Hoenn since ancient times...
The Sky Pillar is in fact an altar built for the ascension of Rayquaza—that Legendary Pokémon long said to be the protector of the Hoenn region.
Only the ancient Draconid people know how to summon Rayquaza to the Sky Pillar. Steven has told me of the woman Zinnia. She must be trying to revive Rayquaza for some purpose.
I shall go first to the Sky Pillar. When your preparations are complete, come join me. The Sky Pillar towers over everything upon one of Route 131's small islands.
Young Master Wallace headed to the Sky Pillar a short while ago. The Sky Pillar lies on a small island floating along Route 131.
Ohhh! You there! Young'un! You're the one who saved Sootopolis— No, you're the one who saved all Hoenn! Of all things! I really... I really must thank you most sincerely. I swear I will live what time I have left in this life to the fullest, thanks to you.
And when you travel the world, you should try to use this. This flute is one of my favorite items.
This Eon Flute is proof of the bond between you and your Latios.
No matter how far you may be from one another, play that flute and Latios will surely fly straight to you.
Then it can take to the sky, soaring above the land with you astride its back. Yes, just like when we first encountered Latias and Latios at Southern Island...
Look at how things have turned out, now the world's got its natural balance back... We've got to rethink this thing from the very start... We've got to redo everything we've done from scratch—and get it right this time. Whaddaya say? Maxie...
To set right the wrongs you've done, without running away in fear— isn't that how an adult accepts responsibility?
... Should you find the resolve to do so inside yourself, then I... Team Magma Admin Tabitha...
I will serve at your side as counsel forever.
If we do get the chance to meet again, I hope you will be able to show me and my team the answers you've found.
You know, I thought we were supposed to have set out from Littleroot together, but... But you, <var>... It seems like you just keep getting further and further ahead of me... I even started to feel like you'd gone somewhere that I can't even reach.
It's pretty lonely, you know?
Not! What would you think if I really said something like that? Hee hee!
You know, we set out from Littleroot at the same time, but... It seems like you're just dashing ahead by yourself and leaving me behind... I feel like we're not even on the same level anymore, you know?
... It's kinda lonely thinking like that...
Or it would be if I really thought that!
Use the suit that you were just given. With that, it will finally become possible to stand up against the forces of nature.
My little scamp of a savior... Looks like we're making you bear all the burden on your little shoulders alone. I'm sorry for that. ...But I know you're going to see this through!
The fate of our world... The world upon which all humanity thrives... The fate of our world rests in your hands!
Because...
Because you... You're the best friend I have!
I'll always be right there behind you.
You're my best friend, after all!
