Who might you be?
This is the Cave of Origin. The spirits of Pokémon, becalmed at Mt. Pyre, are said to be revived here.
Please leave.
...
Team Aqua...and Team Magma...
We have been expecting you.
Archie... I'm going to hand over that thing we developed to this kid. All right?
Yes.
The Aqua Suit. Take it...
This super high-performance protective suit was made with the combined technology of the Devon Corporation and Team Aqua! We actually prepared it in anticipation of coming into contact with Kyogre. I'll just leave it with you.
But... Even if you put that thing on, do you really think you'll be able to make it all the way down to where Kyogre waits?
The energy overflowing from this shrine is certainly much more powerful than we had anticipated. Its influence is making the current grow stronger.
There is nothing to fear.
The Red Orb he bears... Its ancient powers will protect both the boy and his Pokémon.
The Red Orb she bears... Its ancient powers will protect both the girl and her Pokémon.
Hmph! So that's it! Now that you mention it, I do remember the elderly couple at Mt. Pyre saying such... The Blue Orb is capable of releasing Kyogre's full power, of reverting it to its primal form. While the Red Orb has the power to quell that flood of power.
Yes. The energy overflowing from the Cave of Origin just now... It is the very energy that gives Kyogre its power. With the Red Orb, which contains the power to suppress that, it should be possible to calm the force of this great flood.
Of course the Red Orb's power alone will not lead you to where Kyogre waits. You will not reach Hoenn's Core that way.
<var>... To think that you had the Red Orb...
<var>... To think that you had the Red Orb...
You'll be OK. You and your Pokémon can handle it, whatever happens.
I believe that.
No man or woman from Sootopolis is permitted to enter the Cave of Origin.
But you must go. Together with your Red Orb.
You must go regardless of what awaits you inside that cave...
We will also work to mobilize our team members and offer help to the people and Pokémon who are suffering most due to this disaster. Now is the time when we all must simply do the best that we can within our own chosen roles... And you, child...
... ... Sorry.
<var>!
<var>!
I heard on the news that things were going haywire around Sootopolis. And then I saw you on BuzzNav, <var>! I couldn't just sit there and do nothing when I knew you were here in the thick of it, so I came flying!
When I saw the news about Sootopolis on my BuzzNav, and there you were, <var>... Well, anyway, all I could think of was coming to help! You don't know how glad I am to see that you're still in one piece.
Bwuh?! Isn't that Team Aqua? And Team Magma?! OK, can I just say that I am, like, shocked and confused on so many levels right now?
Bwuh?! Is that Team Aqua? And Team Magma?! OK, I don't really know what to say right now—I'm kind of dumbfounded.
This is probably something way bigger than I can even imagine, isn't it? So I'm not even going to ask right now.
Look, I get that this is probably something way bigger than I've ever imagined. So, I won't bother with any questions now.
I'm going to try to find what I can do to help, and then I'm going to do my best with that. And I'm going to keep on hoping and believing that y-you'll be OK out there, <var>.
I'm gonna find out what I should do to help, and then I'm going to do whatever I can. You'd better go do the same, <var>.
You alone must go. Together with your Red Orb. You must go regardless of what awaits you inside that Cave...
You'll be OK. You and your Pokémon can handle it, whatever happens. I believe that.
We will also work to mobilize our team members and offer help to the people and Pokémon who are suffering most due to this disaster. Now is the time when we all must simply do the best that we can within our own chosen roles. Trainer! I am sorry to say that we have put the greatest burden on your shoulders alone... But I trust you to take care of this.
I'm begging, so... Save us... The world... And Kyogre...
If only I had an Aqua Suit, I could follow Kyogre all the way to the bottom of the sea! It's all up to you now!
I'm going to try to find what I can do to help, and then I'm going to do my best with that. And I'm going to keep on hoping and believing that you'll be OK out there, <var>. Please...give it everything you've got!
I'm gonna find out what I should do to help, and then I'm going to do whatever I can. You'd better go do the same, <var>. And I'll always be right there behind you. A-after all...we're friends, right?
<var>!!!
<var>!
It's really over, isn't it...
So it's all over...
<var>, we owe you great thanks.
<var>, we owe you great thanks.
Look above you. The sky over Sootopolis has returned to normal.
The power, which had been pooling within the Cave of Origin, is now flowing back out into the world...
... It's...so warm...
Just now my heart felt like it was about to be crushed by uncertainty and terror, but now it feels like it's been softly set at ease...
... The land...or the sea... Humans...or Pokémon... When we sought to bring happiness to only one... we nearly destroyed both.
...Yeah. You're right.
Maxie... What you're saying is only natural. I know that. But still...
I can't just change... The world I believed to be ideal... The kind of world that I dreamed of making, where I could live alongside my beloved Pokémon... That hasn't changed. I know I've got nothing to stand on, after causing this much hurt, but...
That's right. You caused a big fuss there when you almost brought about the downfall of the world, you big dolt! No matter how much you beg, no one can forgive that!
But... Do you really need their forgiveness, though? Even if you are a big dolt who no one in the world will ever forgive...
Shelly...
Sorry...and thanks.
Hmph... We adults have a duty to pass this world along to the next generation. A world worth passing along. What is it we truly need to do to create such a world? Take each other's hand in friendship? Or fight for the right of supremacy? I think it is time we consider this again with our team members and break down the wall between us.
All right, ya little scamp. You managed to use that Red Orb, so now let's see you try this on for size. If you give it to Kyogre, you should be able to control its Primal Reversion.
Farewell.
See ya...
... Team Magma and Team Aqua are made up of people with completely opposing ideals and goals. But perhaps even they can learn to meet halfway...one small concession at a time.
I know it's too much to expect that everything will change at once, but...
I hope this crisis might at least help them take that first vital step forward.





I imagine that many changes are happening now all across Hoenn. I hope you will be able to travel this world and see its richness with your own eyes— and revel in its newness in your own heart.
But for the present, you may first wish to challenge this city's Pokémon Gym. There, you'll find the very same Wallace who helped us so much waiting for you. He's strong. But the way you are now, you should be capable of battling him on an equal footing.
People, Pokémon, nature itself... Our survival in this world depends on all of us living together in harmony. I feel I have just begun to understand that. And I'm wondering how the world will continue to change from this point on... It fills me with an inexplicable excitement.
<var>...
<var>...
As you and your Pokémon live and grow in this changed world, I wonder what effect it will have on you. What will you think about? What ideals will you believe in?
Until then.
Phew! And it's finally just the two of us again. So I've got to say...thanks for everything you've done for our region, <var>.
Phew! It feels like we can finally relax, huh? I guess that now's the time to say thanks for all you've done, <var>.
Anyway, you did something really amazing today, so try to take it easy for a while!
But...well, you did do something pretty amazing. So take it easy for a while, OK, friend?
See you later!
Later!
The Cave of Origin, where all things begin... Mt. Pyre, where all things come to an end... Pokémon and humans both... Where do we come from? Where are we going?
The legend told by the old man on Mt. Pyre... It wasn't a made-up story after all...
The natural balance of things is going through a wrenching shift here in Hoenn...
What a...glorious turn of events...
Is it really? Ohohohoho! Is it really?
To think that this tree... I never knew we had received it from that huge man who visited from the Kalos region...
Goodness me, old master. This has been a learning experience. I thank you for this.
Ohoho! You're too kind, Master Wallace! Ohohohoho!
No, no, you're too modest. Hah hah hah... Now then...
Welcome again to Sootopolis, our new Champion, <var>. Steven has told me everything. Do you wish to go to the Sky Pillar?
It is true the cave that leads to the Sky Pillar can only be opened by the hand of someone descended from the ancient people of Sootopolis...as, indeed, am I.
Or by one of the Draconids, who have also lived in Hoenn since ancient times...
The Sky Pillar is in fact an altar built for the ascension of Rayquaza—that Legendary Pokémon long said to be the protector of the Hoenn region.
Only the ancient Draconid people know how to summon Rayquaza to the Sky Pillar. Steven has told me of the woman Zinnia. She must be trying to revive Rayquaza for some purpose.
I shall go first to the Sky Pillar. When your preparations are complete, come join me. The Sky Pillar towers over everything upon one of Route 131's small islands.
Young Master Wallace headed to the Sky Pillar a short while ago. The Sky Pillar lies on a small island floating along Route 131.
Ohhh! You there! Young'un! You're the one who saved Sootopolis— No, you're the one who saved all Hoenn! Of all things! I really... I really must thank you most sincerely. I swear I will live what time I have left in this life to the fullest, thanks to you.
And when you travel the world, you should try to use this. This flute is one of my favorite items.
This Eon Flute is proof of the bond between you and your Latias.
No matter how far you may be from one another, play that flute and Latias will surely fly straight to you.
Then it can take to the sky, soaring above the land with you astride its back. Yes, just like when we first encountered Latios and Latias at Southern Island...
Now the world's balance is restored to its natural state. Perhaps this is the time we must reconsider our ideals... Do you not agree? Archie...
I'll... I'll stay with you! I'll stay with you forever!
So, please... Stop going out on your own and acting crazy.
You're...our... Team Aqua's leader, and we're your friends, after all.
If we do get the chance to meet again, I hope you will be able to show me and my team the answers you've found.
You know, I thought we were supposed to have set out from Littleroot together, but... But you, <var>... It seems like you just keep getting further and further ahead of me... I even started to feel like you'd gone somewhere that I can't even reach.
It's pretty lonely, you know?
Not! What would you think if I really said something like that? Hee hee!
You know, we set out from Littleroot at the same time, but... It seems like you're just dashing ahead by yourself and leaving me behind... I feel like we're not even on the same level anymore, you know?
... It's kinda lonely thinking like that...
Or it would be if I really thought that!
Use the suit that you were just given. With that, it will finally become possible to stand up against the forces of nature.
No. You are not acting as a mere child today. Trainer! I am sorry to say that we have put the greatest burden on your shoulders alone... But I trust you to take care of this.
I'm begging, so... Save us... The world... And Kyogre...
Because...
Because you... You're the best friend I have!
I'll always be right there behind you.
You're my best friend, after all!
