The rocket will be launched soon!
The rocket was launched safely! That's successful launch No. <var>!
I'd like to protect the rocket... But I'd like to protect myself, too...
A rocket launch demands perfection. Not even a 1 percent margin of error is allowed. Even if it's 99 percent OK, the whole thing is useless if 1 percent happens to be no good. Despite that, we never stop trying. Why? It's a dream that never ends.
Those thugs... Are they after our rocket?!
I was taking a stroll down the beach when I found this. It's not anything I need, so you can have it.
The Hoenn region has been famous for its meteor showers for a long time.
Wh-wh-why? I heard on BuzzNav that Team Whatsit cleaned up its act!
Some people claim that Pokémon came from space. Could it be true?
Whoooooooa! ...I'm saying something that I can only say at a time like this.
I'd like to go to space with my Pokémon for a rendezvous in the starry sky!
I also like to have rendezvous with the wrong sort of people, like them...
This rocket! Thick!
I saw quintuplets for the first time! I kinda feel lucky!
A giant chunk of metal bursts through the sky and flies into space... It boggles my mind!
Whaaat? Those thugs! I'm so flabbergasted, I can't move!
I'm sorry, but we're in the middle of something right now and can't let you go upstairs.
I shouldn't have let any scoundrels go upstairs... But I'm petrified and can't move...
Hee hee hee!
We finally meet again.
It's been three— Hm? How long has it been?
Nincompoop! It doesn't matter!
Brace yourself! We won't let you call us mere quintuplets!
Hah, hah, hah... I knew we would lose...
I wanted to win in style like the Hoenn Rangers!
It's odd. That strategy—Intimidate five times in a row— should be invincible... Did you cheat? Grumble, grumble...
Nincompoop! You're strong, aren't you? Stop whining!
Courtney is on the second floor. It's pathetic, but we can't stop her... Please. Please help her.
Tee hee hee!
We finally meet again.
It's been three— Hm? How long has it been?
Nincompoop! It doesn't matter!
Brace yourself! We won't let you call us mere quintuplets!
Hah, hah, hah... I knew we would lose...
I wanted to win in style like the Hoenn Rangers!
It's odd. That strategy—Intimidate five times in a row— should be invincible... Did you cheat? Grumble, grumble...
Nincompoop! Stop whining!
Matt is on the second floor. It's pathetic, but we can't stop him... Please. Please stop him.
You must be <var>. Mr. Steven Stone told me he was expecting you. This way, please.
Hoenn's Local Heroes The Hoenn Rangers Coexistence Force! We fight for the peaceful coexistence of Pokémon, nature, and people!
Hoenn's Local Heroes The Hoenn Rangers Coexistence Force! It's an action figure of the self-conscious but cool heroine, Pacifidlog Cobalt. The price is missing on the price tag, and you can't tell how much it is.
It's a replica of a rocket! The caption says: "It's the first rocket successfully launched in the world." The Infinity Energy provided by Devon Corporation meant the rocket was able to reach space with a speed that exceeded the second cosmic velocity.
That was amazing... So those are the Litleonids!
That was kinda awesome. Wow. So those are the Litleonids.
I'm really going to need to thank your dad for this one.
I'm really gonna have to thank your old man for this one.
'Cause... Come on...
It's like...I don't know...
I've never felt this touched before...
I feel like I've been knocked flat on my back...
Oh, I guess I should thank you, too, <var>!
...Thanks, <var>.
I'm so glad I got to see this with you.
I'm really glad I got to see this with you.

Announcement: Thank you for visiting the Mossdeep Space Center. This center will be closing shortly. Please make sure that you don't forget anything when you leave.
It's true what they say, though. Time really flies when you're having fun...
It's true what they say, though. Time really flies when you're having fun...
Welcome to the Mossdeep Space Center. Please enjoy our interactive experiences about space exploration.
Aieee. Weird people... S-scary... At a time like this, my big sister wouldn't be rattled at all... I'm a failure as a professional...





There's an invisible obstacle in your way.
Would you like to use the Devon Scope?
<var> slipped the Devon Scope on.
A previously invisible Pokémon became visible to the naked eye!
The startled Pokémon attacked!
What happens twice will happen three times. Are we going to lose next time, again?
If I were a Hoenn Ranger, we could have won in style! I'll train much harder and definitely become a Hoenn Ranger!
That strategy—Intimidate five times in a row— should be invincible... You must have cheated. You must have. Grumble, grumble...
Nincompoop! Stop whining already!
Matt is on the second floor. It's pathetic, but we can't stop him... Please. Please stop him.
What happens twice will happen three times. Are we going to lose next time, again?
If I were a Hoenn Ranger, we could have won in style! I'll train much harder. I'm determined to become a Hoenn Ranger!
That strategy—Intimidate five times in a row— should be invincible... You must have cheated. Right? Right? Grumble, grumble...
Nincompoop! Stop whining already!
Courtney is on the second floor. It's pathetic, but we can't stop her... Please. Please help her.
I had no idea what was going to happen... But thanks to you, we are fine now. Thank you.
