


Ah... Yes... I suppose I should welcome you to my home. Please forgive the rather sparse décor... Now, where to begin...
Let us take a moment to understand what is happening to our world right now.
That rumbling that shook the earth just now... The eardrum-rupturing explosion we heard... They are proof that a seal, which was long hidden deep undersea, has been undone at last.
The super-ancient Pokémon that has been sealed deep beneath Route 128 since ancient times... It slept until now in the Seafloor Cavern. The entrance to that cavern was sealed by the power of a certain Pokémon, all in an effort to keep any human or Pokémon from ever breaching it. But now it appears that the scheming of that terrible team has undone the seal. There is no doubt that they intend to revive the super-ancient Pokémon. And once they do so, it seems they hope to make its power their own.
<var>...
<var>...
If that team obtains the power of the super-ancient Pokémon, it will upset the balance of nature in this world. A crisis unlike any other before it will befall every living thing on this planet. I plan to do everything in my power to quell this situation. That is my duty. But there is a limit to what I can do with my power alone... That is why I am asking for your help. I have great faith in your abilities. Lend me your strength to help put a halt to these Teams' mad ambitions! With you and I and our Pokémon all working together, we will overcome this disastrous turn of events. I don't think it is out of the question.
I will entrust you with this.
If you use Dive, you will be able to dive to the ocean floor with your Pokémon.
And take this so you can stay with your Pokémon even in the depths of the ocean...
If you were to use Dive in the correct stretch of water along Route 128... I believe you should be able to reach the entrance to the Seafloor Cavern.
I will join you when I finish my duties.
Please do what you can to stop Team Aqua and Team Magma until then. I am trusting you to do this for me!
<var> checked the Poké Ball. It contains the Pokémon Beldum. Take the Poké Ball?
<var> obtained a Beldum.
You cannot carry any more Pokémon!
<var> left the Poké Ball where it was.



There's a letter here.
...
Dear <var>...
Dear <var>...
I have something in mind, so I will be away in training for some time. I do not expect to return to my home anytime soon. Which brings me to a request. I want you to take the Poké Ball that you should find on my desk. The Beldum inside is one of my favorite Pokémon, so I hope you'll treat it like one of your own. Trusting we will meet again,                           Steven Stone

It's a collection of rare rocks and stones assembled by Steven.
...
A careful look reveals a postscript.
P.S. I had sent you another Beldum, rather a special one. Did it reach you safely? Of course, both are cool and sublimely strong. I trust they will teach you the joys of Steel-type Pokémon.
There is a note on the plate... Classification: Schalstein Source: Mt. Coronet, Sinnoh region
There is a note on the plate: Classification: Hornblende biotite granite Source: Rock Tunnel, Kanto region
There is a note on the plate... Classification: Pitchstone Source: Mt. Mortar, Johto region
There is a note on the plate... Classification: Chert Source: Mt. Pyre, Hoenn region
There is a note on the plate... Classification: Greenschist Source: Chargestone Cave, Unova region
Would you like to give a nickname to Beldum?


