I got this from Steven, but I don't know what it's good for. I think it's called King's Rock. Do you want it?
Why would you want it? You're weird. You can keep it, but don't tell Steven I gave it away.
Is it really that fun collecting rocks? I don't get it.
Yeah, you think so, too! What are you supposed to do with some weird rock?
Around Mossdeep, you can see wild Wailmer. It's called, uh... What is it... Wai, Wai, Wai... Wailmer watching!
The island's Space Center has been launching huge rockets.
I'd heard from my mates in Lilycove that the herd of Wailmer has disappeared. I wonder what went down over there.
Wouldn't it be nice if this island—no, the whole world—was burgeoning with nature?
All life needs water to survive, even though it makes its home on the land. And all life, having run its course, becomes soil and returns to the land. Thus the waters of the sea are always connected to the land.
Yes, like the very shoreline here.
A voyage on a ship is fine. But crossing the sea with Pokémon using Surf... Now that's an exhilarating trip! Wouldn't you agree, youngster?
This rock has a special meaning to the people at the Space Center. They put it here as their wish for their rockets to fly safely. When you make a wish, what do you use? Do you wish upon a star? I use a wish tag to make it happen. That's what I do.
It's a white rock.
Mossdeep City Pokémon Gym Leaders: Liza & Tate The mystic combination!
Mossdeep City Our slogan: Cherish Pokémon!
Mossdeep Space Center The closest place to space.
<var>!
<var>!
I heard from little Liza and Tate that you visited their Gym.
I was thinking of trying to catch you while you were in the area, but then this happened...
... We should talk.
Let's go to my place.
Mission, start...
Let's go, Grunts!
Wha—whaaa—whaaaat?!
A p-p-p-pillar of light! Ap-p-p-peared from the sea!
That direction... Is that the direction of Route 128?
Whoa! Dude! Seriously, dude!
Heeeeeeeeeh... This is the end of the world...
Skitty! Don't worry! Calm down!
Skidddddy!
Oh man! So cold... Steven, please do something.
Oh man! So hot... Steven, please do something.
In this horrible weather, we can't enjoy Wailmer watching...
What's up with this weather? I wonder if the rocket launch may be suspended for a while because of this weather...
My friend in Lilycove told me the weather there is horrible, too. What in the world is going on here in Hoenn?
If this weather stays like this, all plants and flowers will be withered. I can't accept that! Ever!
Is this weather trying to return everything to the sea...?
Is this weather trying to return everything to the land...?
I learned this from the breaking news on BuzzNav. Apparently, this weather is being caused by something in the sky in Sootopolis.
I've kept wishing on this rock in the hopes that this weather will return to normal as soon as possible.
Liza and Tate in Mossdeep Gym have very mysterious powers. Their powers are paranormal... Like Psychic-type Pokémon! If you have any trouble, you may want to visit the Gym.
I feel it... I feel the tremendous Pokémon power that can even change the weather...
Skiski...
Ski-i-i-i-iddy!
XX:XX, the XXth day of the XXth month
Mossdeep Space Center Celestial Observatory
Due to the extreme weather, the Space Center is being closed.
