Heeey! <var>!
Don't tell me... Are you here for the shopping, too, <var>?
We're right in front of the famous Lilycove Department Store, after all!
When I saw you, I figured maybe you'd come here to do some shopping, same as me.
I'm afraid I already bought up tons of stuff! Like Pokémon Dolls...and posters...and...
B-but— That's not all I've been doing, of course! I've also caught tons of different Pokémon, and I've been raising them well, too!
Really?
Hm...
Gasp! You doubt me?! Harsh!
Aughhh! You think I'm lying, don't you! That little hum totally said you think I'm lying!
I think the bigger question here is whether you're raising your Pokémon right, not me!
S-so that settles it! Let's have a battle!
Let's test my team and see how they stack up against your passion for Pokémon, <var>!

Ahhh, this reminds me of the battle I had with you back on Route 103!
You were able to become this strong because you battled me back then, right, <var>?
...What would you think if I said something like that?
Hee hee...
I'm actually thinking that it's about time I went back to Littleroot, though.
I've caught a lot of different Pokémon, and my Pokédex is pretty complete, so I think I should go show it to my dad.
...Huh? Did something just...sparkle in your Bag? It was like the light from that Meteorite...
...Oh, nothing! Sorry! Just forget it! I'm probably just imagining things!
<var>, what are you going to do? You going to collect all the Gym Badges and take on the Pokémon League challenge?
Typical <var>! Then while you're collecting your Badges, I guess I'll go and complete my Pokédex!
What, really? Well, now you've got me curious! If you aren't focusing on the League, then what else are hoping to achieve? I can't wait to see what you'll do!
I guess I'll be off, then!
But let's definitely meet up again somewhere!
Hm?
Hey, if it isn't <var>! Did you come to do some shopping, too?

You know what I'm talking about... The Lilycove Department Store! My dad asked me to pick him up a few things here.
It's not like I'm here to buy Dolls or something, r-right!
A-anyway, it feels like it's been ages since we last ran into each other.
How about I battle you so you can see which one of us is doing a better job raising our Pokémon?
Though I think you and I both know who the winner is gonna be, <var>!
Boy, that stings a bit... I had a head start on you as a Pokémon Trainer, but still...
I, uh... I'm planning on going home to Littleroot.
You know how I've been helping out my dad with the Pokédex, and it's been coming together pretty decently. So...I ought to go back home and show it to him.
<var>, what are you gonna do? You still thinking of collecting all the Gym Badges and taking on the Pokémon League challenge?
Yeah? I guess I'm not surprised. Do your best. You know I'm behind you. ...Uhhh. Huh? Did you... <var>, I think there's something... There's something, like, sparkling in your Bag... It's the same kinda light as that Meteorite had, the one you showed me in Lavaridge...
Huh? Really? I've gotta say, I always kind of thought that you'd go all the way and aim to be Champion. ...Uhhh. Huh? Did you... <var>, I think there's something... There's something, like, sparkling in your Bag... It's the same kinda light as that Meteorite had, the one you showed me in Lavaridge...
Ahhh, never mind! Just... Good luck out there!
Muahahaha! We moved more loot into our secret hideout today...
Wh-who are you?! I was just talking to myself!
I'm just a Grunt, so I have no idea what the Boss is thinking... That's OK with me, though! If I just stay on Team Aqua, someday I'll be able to do something awesome! Someday I'll be big time!
Wh-who are you?! I was just talking to myself!
Hey, you! Don't go near the cave in the cove! Why? You don't need a reason why! I'm an adult, so you just listen to me!
If this whole wide world becomes ours, Team Aqua's, then the 101 Skitty at my parents' house and the Wailmer that live with me should be happier, too!
There, Wailmer! Now leap out of the water and turn!
Huh? What do you want? You're messing up our training, so can you, like, get lost?
Fufufu... We've finished moving more loot into our secret hideout today.
Wh-who are you?! I was just talking to myself!
I have no idea what the Boss is thinking... I'm still here, though. To me, being here with Team Magma is the only chance I have to make a real connection with someone...
Wh-who are you?! Don't stand there without my permission listening to me talk to myself!
Hey, you! Don't go near the cave in the cove! Why? You don't need a reason why! I'm an adult, so you just listen to me!
If this whole wide world becomes ours, Team Magma's, everybody back home in the country, my Ma and Pa, my little sisters and brothers, cousins and second cousins... I'm sure everyone will be happier!
There, Wailmer! Now leap out of the water!
Wh-who are you?! You're getting in the way of my training, so get lost!
A great variety of Pokémon have gathered to show off how cute or tough they are in the Contest Spectacular! Me, I love a great variety of Pokémon, so my heart is pounding with anticipation!
Have you seen that strange cave in the cove at the edge of town?
I'm going to teach my Pokémon some new moves for the Contest Spectacular! That's why I'm headed to the Move Deleter to make my Pokémon forget HM moves.
The Hoenn region shines with the beauty of its waterways and verdant nature. It makes me realize that it's just as lovely a place as my home in the Kanto region!
Team Magma's been training their Wailmer in the cove. We sailors can't get our boats out to sea with them in the way!
Team Aqua's been training their Wailmer in the cove. We sailors can't get our boats out to sea with them in the way!
Ahoy! Have you heard? Someone punted Team Magma out of the way for us! That got the Wailmer out of the way, so we can get our boats out again!
Ahoy! Have you heard? Someone punted Team Aqua out of the way for us! That got the Wailmer out of the way, so we can get our boats out again!
I was at the seaside inn, enjoying a relaxing snooze to the sound of waves... When someone stole my Pokémon! Who's the abductor?! Team Magma? Is it Team Magma?!
I was at the seaside inn, enjoying a relaxing snooze to the sound of waves... When someone stole my Pokémon! Who's the abductor?! Team Aqua? Is it Team Aqua?!
My missing Pokémon came back without my noticing! I'm really glad it all turned out all right.
I'm an art dealer. I buy and sell fine art, especially paintings. I've heard that the museum here has some magnificent works on exhibit...
Even as we grow old and wrinkled, the sea remains forever young with the vivid brilliance of life... Fwohoho fwohohohoho...
It was 60 years ago that my husband proposed to me here. The sea remains as beautiful as ever. Mufufufu mufufufufufu...
Hmm, you know of the peculiar cavern in this cove? It was a natural formation, but then that Team Magma lot came along and made their renovations. They say they're "Team Magma, for humanity," but to us they're just a big pain!
Hmm, you know of the peculiar cavern in this cove? It was a natural formation, but then that Team Aqua lot came along and made their renovations. They say they're "Team Aqua, lovers of nature," but what they say and what they do don't match at all!
That cave in the cove... You don't see many people coming or going from it these days. That Team Magma lot is so meek these days, it almost makes you miss them.
That cave in the cove... You don't see many people coming or going from it these days. That Team Aqua lot is so meek these days, it almost makes you miss them.
Lilycove City Where the land ends and the sea begins.
Contest Spectacular Hall "Bring your friends! Come one, come all!"
Cove Lily Motel "Remember us as 'Cove Lily' of Lilycove."
Lilycove Museum "Pokémon masterpiece collection on exhibit!"
Lilycove Museum Lilycove's finest, <var>, and hiser outstanding performance in the Contest Spectacular!
Lilycove City Harbor The ferry S.S. Tidal is under construction in Slateport City. Service is scheduled to begin shortly.
Lilycove City Harbor Enjoy a delightful cruise on the ferry S.S. Tidal.
Contest Spectacular Trainer Fan Club Someone has scrawled a drawing of Lisia's face on the sign...
Lilycove Department Store Overflowing with great merchandise and excitement! A great place to find that exact something you need!
Move Deleter's House Let me delete unwanted Pokémon moves.
When it gets right down to it, the same way suits suit me perfectly, a crisp breeze suits the sea. And you, a Berry suits you to a T. Why should that be so?
When it gets right down to it... It's because you're a Trainer!
When it gets right down to it... The way dignified simplicity suits me, Pokéblocks perfectly suit Pokémon.
This is where fans of Contest Spectacular Trainers hold passionate discussions every day.
To commemorate our first meeting, how about a contest quiz? What Pokémon does Lisia the contest idol always have with her? Try and show me!
I expected nothing less from you! Your Altaria looks pretty amazing, too, doesn't it? You can make it, can't you?
Yeah, yeah, hang in there!
Too bad! A miss!
It's so hot...
It's so cold...
This may not be the time for the Contest Spectacular, but it's at times like these that we should do our best to enjoy our time.
According to breaking news on BuzzNav, this aberrant weather is only having an effect on Sootopolis and surrounding areas... At least for the time being...
When the weather's as out of hand as this, there's no way I can go out to sea.
I'll refrain from letting my Pokémon play outdoors for a while... I wouldn't want my Pokémon to come down with something—nor me, either!
I am a painter. To have the luck to encounter aberrant weather such as this in my lifetime... With this extraordinary world before my eyes, my creative juices are really flowing!
This weather... Facing adversity like this makes my blood boil... Honey? Fuhoho fuhohoho...
When my husband proposed to me here on this spot 60 years ago, the weather was just like this... Mufufu mufufufu...
Just when I thought those bums from Team Aqua had finally calmed down, along comes this aberrant weather... I can't relax at all!
Just when I thought those bums from Team Magma had finally calmed down, along comes this aberrant weather... I can't relax at all!
I went to all the trouble of wearing a suit, only to have it ruined by this weather...
No matter what the weather's like, you better believe I'm going to the Contest Spectacular! At least as long as Lisia is there!
Hey now! I won't let you go any farther down this beach! After all, our hideout's down there! Wheeze, wheeze!
Hey now! I won't let you go any farther down this beach! I mean, our hideout's down there! Cough, cough!
Whaaailll!
