The blackboard lists status changes that may affect Pokémon in battle.
Which topic do you want to read about?
Poisoned
Paralysis
Sleep
Burned
Frozen
Cancel
If a Pokémon is poisoned, it will steadily lose HP. The poison won't disappear after the battle, either. Heal the condition using an Antidote.
Paralysis reduces the Speed stat of a Pokémon and may prevent it from making any moves. Paralysis also lingers after battle, so use a Paralyze Heal to free your Pokémon from it.
If a Pokémon falls asleep, it will be unable to attack as long as it is sleeping. The Pokémon may wake up on its own, but if the battle ends while it is sleeping, it will stay asleep. You can wake it up using an Awakening.
A burn reduces a Pokémon's Attack stat and steadily reduces its HP. It will remain after battle. You can cure a burn using a Burn Heal.
If a Pokémon is frozen, it becomes completely helpless. It will remain frozen after battle. Thaw it out using an Ice Heal.
Students who don't study get a little taste of my Quick Claw, you see. Whether or not you are a good student will be evident from the way you use this item.
A Pokémon holding the Quick Claw will occasionally speed up and get to move before its opponent, you see. There are many other items that are meant to be held by Pokémon. Just those alone will give you many topics to study!
I'm trading Pokémon with my friend right now.
I always wanted a Seedot, and I'm finally getting one!
Pokémon can hold items, but they don't know what to do with man-made items like Potions and Antidotes.
You know how some Pokémon moves can confuse a Pokémon? A confused Pokémon will sometimes attack itself without meaning to. But once it leaves battle, it will return to normal.
A Pokémon holding a Berry will heal itself... There are many kinds of items that Pokémon can hold... Boy, it sure is hard taking all these notes...
It's this student's notebook... Pokémon are to be caught using Poké Balls. Up to six Pokémon can accompany a Trainer. A Trainer is someone who catches Pokémon, raises them, and battles with them. A Trainer's mission is to defeat the strong Trainers and Gym Leaders who await challengers in Pokémon Gyms.
Hey. I'm not a weird man. I'm the head of this school. To prove that, I'll share some knowledge with you.
I'll explain about various Badges you can get in the Hoenn region!
I feel a bit bored and lonely. If you want to know about them, please come back!
If you have a Stone Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 20 will obey your every command.
If you have a Knuckle Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 30 will obey your every command.
If you have a Dynamo Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 40 will obey your every command.
If you have a Heat Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 50 will obey your every command.
If you have a Balance Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 60 will obey your every command.
If you have a Feather Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 70 will obey your every command.
If you have a Mind Badge, Pokémon up to Lv. 80 will obey your every command.
If you have a Rain Badge, all Pokémon will obey your every command.
Which Badge do you want me to explain?
Stone Badge
Knuckle Badge
Dynamo Badge
Heat Badge
Balance Badge
Feather Badge
Mind Badge
Rain Badge
No thanks.
