Yo, how's it going? Listen, my friend! Would you like to become the Champion? I'm no Trainer, not me, but I can sure give you winning advice.
That's settled, then! We'll aim for the Pokémon Championship together! It's your job as a Trainer to collect Gym Badges, am I right? But Gym Leaders aren't pushovers! And that's where I come in! I'm here to provide expert advice!
Roxanne, the Gym Leader here, is a user of Rock-type Pokémon. The Rock type is very durable, but it can't stand Water-type and Grass-type moves. Come see me afterward if you beat the Gym Leader. Well, go for it!
Whoa! What a breathtaking victory! My cheering must have worked! Great! Check your Trainer Card. The Stone Badge you got should be recorded on it. In other words... You've climbed the first step on the stairs to the Championship! Very promising!






Just as I expected... I knew you and your Pokémon would be able to get this far. Now, would you kindly demonstrate how you battle with your Pokémon?

I understand. The Pokémon League's rules state that Trainers receive this if they defeat a Gym Leader. Please accept the official Pokémon League Stone Badge.
<var> received the Stone Badge from Roxanne.
The Stone Badge enables Pokémon to use the HM move Cut outside of battle. All Pokémon up to Level 20, even those you get in trades, will also obey you. And... Please take this with you, too.
The move Rock Tomb not only inflicts damage by dropping rocks, it also lowers the target's Speed. If you use a TM, it instantly teaches the move to a Pokémon. You can use a TM as many times as you want, so please try it out!
Since you are so strong, you should challenge other Gym Leaders, too. By battling many Trainers, you'll likely learn many things.
Rustboro City Pokémon Gym
Rustboro City Pokémon Gym Roxanne's Certified Trainers: <var>
Hello. You must be a new challenger.
I am Roxanne, the Rustboro City Pokémon Gym Leader.
I became a Gym Leader so that I may apply in battle all that I've learned at the Pokémon Trainers' School.
If you defeat me in a Pokémon battle, I'll present you with a Gym Badge as proof of your strength as a Trainer. Please take up the challenge.
I look forward to seeing you as a challenger. Until then, farewell.
A lot of Fossils are displayed.
A Fossil is displayed with the description, "Petrified wood." Trees can become fossilized...
Tools for excavating Fossils are displayed.
They are beautiful pieces of amber!
A stone is displayed with the description, "A Kalos stone." The stone was apparently excavated from a location known as Glittering Cave.
Congratulations on becoming the Champion. I sometimes remember the day I handed you the Stone Badge. I felt so uplifted from our battle! It would make me happy if we could battle again someday.
I have a friend who shares my keen interest in collecting stones. His name's Steven. He's known for his serious expression, but when it comes to rare stones or Steel-type Pokémon, his eyes light up. He gets animated, and his expression changes, showing an unexpected charming side.
Rustboro City Pokémon Gym Roxanne's Certified Trainers: <var>, Wally
A model is displayed with the description, "A stratum near Fallarbor. There are a few of the Hoenn's best fossiliferous strata around Fallarbor."
