Hey there, Trainer! This is your first time here, right? This food court is a bit strange, so there are some rules you have to follow before you eat. I come here all the time, so I can tell you about them.
Number one! Place your order at the counter! There are three items on the menu here, so order whatever you like. When you're done ordering, the restaurant staff will give you a buzzer. Number two! Sit in a chair while you wait for your food! It may take a while for your order to be ready. Have a seat and wait. Here's the important part! While you're sitting and waiting for your food, others will come and battle you for your seat! You have to fight back if you want to eat the meal you ordered! Number three! Eat your food! When the buzzer goes off, it means that your order is ready to be picked up at the counter. All that's left to do then is to sit back down and eat! What do you think? Easy, right?
Well, you've come all the way here, so why don't you order something? Since it's your first time here, maybe you should order the Village Sub Combo. That restaurant is a chain from Unova that just opened here! It's easy to eat, so it's pretty popular with kids who like Single Battles.
All right then, see you later! Enjoy your time at the Mauville Food Court!
Hey there, Trainer! As long as you're here, do you have a minute?
I guess the trend is dying out already. The line of customers waiting to order Magnemite Croquettes has disappeared. Magnemite Croquettes are a Mauville specialty. They're made with batter containing a blend of several kinds of broth, grilled on a piping-hot hot plate, and coated with specially made sweet, sour, spicy sauce from Johto! They're a cheap gourmet food that's all the rage with couples and young people who like Double Battles.
You should definitely give them a try, too! Well OK then, see you later!
Oh, Trainer! As long as you're here, do you have a minute?
Maybe it's because we've had fewer amateurs coming in these days... The line of customers lining up for a Mauville Ramen Bowl has finally cleared out. The noodles are soft like Jigglypuff's cheeks (not that anyone would ever consider biting them...), the soup is golden like lightning, and the ingredients are piled as high as Mt. Chimney. It's a local Mauville specialty that even makes discerning people who like Triple Battles say, "Wow!" Mauville Ramen Bowls are an edible legend here at the Mauville Food Court.
You want to try it, don't you? You have to come prepared if you want to eat a Mauville Ramen Bowl, though... See you later, Trainer! I look forward to seeing you again sometime!
I lost... That chair... I had always felt out of place at home, at school...everywhere. That chair was the only place I could ever relax... That's why I crushed everyone who tried to battle me for this seat. In time I became like the ruler of this place... I became the Fare Prince! ...But that's all over now. ...It's over for me. I realized something during my battle with you, Trainer. I don't need to find my place... I need to make a place for myself.
Trainer... I can no longer call myself the Fare Prince... The title is yours now. And so, from now on, you will be Fare Prince the Second! I've decided to go make a place for myself.
Trainer... I can no longer call myself the Fare Prince... The title is yours now. And so, from now on, you will be the Fare Princess! I've decided to go make a place for myself.
The next generation... Take care of Mauville Food Court for me! I hope I can see you again somewhere someday! OK then, see you later!
Your buzzer is buzzing! Time to go get your food!
Would you like to order the Village Sub Combo? That will be $<var>.
Presenting the Village Sub Combo, a low-priced combo meal with a Berry sandwich and fried Berries! It's wildly popular with kids who like Single Battles!
Your order has been placed, so please take this buzzer. Your meal will be ready in <var> turns. Please have a seat and wait.
I am terribly sorry to have to tell you this, but you don't have enough money.
I am quite sorry, but would you be so kind as to bring at least <var> Pokémon with you before making this order?
So sorry to keep you waiting! Here's your Village Sub Combo!
It's ready and fresh from the oven! Thank you so much for coming just when everything is at its most delicious! This is free of charge, so please feel free to take it!
I'm very sorry. The bread has become ever so slightly dried out, but the flavor itself is still passable.
I'm really quite sorry, but we're completely sold out today. Please do come again another day.
Indeed. We hope to see you again sometime.
Hey! Stay away from that chair! I saw it first!
Well, I lost, so there's nothing I can do but look for another chair somewhere...
The seats here have to be won, OK? The world of food is harsh, too!
If you lose, you can't sit down to eat. The world of food really is harsh.
No matter what, that chair is mine! If you don't get up, I'll force you to get up!
Too bad... I wanted to sit in that chair...
Give up that seat! If you won't, we'll have to battle!
I don't feel like I could beat you... There's nothing for me to do but go somewhere else.
I always eat here! If you get in my way, my Fairies will Curse you!
Ahh... My... My chair was defiled...
Hey? Is it Magnemite Croquettes you want? That'll be $<var>.
Magnemite Croquettes are just what they sound like. They're balls of dough that are cooked to look like Magnemite! They're a cheap and delicious meal that's all the rage with guys and gals who like Double Battles!!
All right! One order of Magnemite Croquettes coming up! Please take this buzzer with you! That'll be ready in <var> turns. Sorry, friend, but would you have a seat and wait?
Enough with the jokes! That's not enough money, is it?
Sorry, buddy, but if you wanna eat Magnemite Croquettes, you're gonna need <var> Pokémon!
Hey, thanks for waiting! Here are those Magnemite Croquettes.
Nice timing, friend! They're still pipin' hot right now! I sure am glad you get to eat 'em while they're hot! Just for you, this is on the house!
Well, it might have gone a bit cold.
Sorry! We're already all sold out today! Come on back tomorrow!
Huh? Is that so?! All right then. See you next time!
...The one to sit there will be me. If you're going to get in my way, make ready your Poké Balls!
Fine. I'll let you sit there for now. There's no way I'll lose next time, though!
Hey, hey, hey! Wait up! That seat was made for me!
Hey, you did pretty well for yourself there! I'll go ahead and stop there for now.
Hey, what do you think you're doing?! Don't take my chair away from me!
Oh! What's going on?! My Magnemite Croquettes are getting cold!
I'd appreciate it if you didn't get the wrong idea. It's not like that chair is open for you to sit in it.
I've been defeated... Could you be the one I've heard of?
Oh... You're brave, aren't you?
Hmmph... Fine... Go on and stuff yourself...
Taking a seat from another customer makes everything more delicious!
Just keep that seat warm... I'll be back for it someday...
A Mauville Ramen Bowl... $<var>.
We've got nothin' but ramen... Only people who like Triple Battles come to chow down on it, though.
OK...take this buzzer. It'll be <var> turns until it's done. Sit and wait quietly...
That's not enough money...
You're gonna need at least <var> Pokémon if you wanna eat here...
OK...here's your Mauville Ramen Bowl.
No... Wait... You know what's coming... Take this, too...
You beat him, huh? And you even know just when the noodles are done...
You're late, so the noodles got all soggy.
We're all out of soup today. Come back tomorrow if you want some.
All right...
Are you trying to tell me some little wimp like you is encamped at this chair?
Don't you know? Around here... The Fare Prince's...
I was wondering what kind of Trainer could have taken out my bro, but you don't look like you're all that!
No... You're just like him... I shouldn't have taken you lightly just 'cause you're just a kid, though.
At last, luck is on my side! That chair...that piping-hot Mauville Ramen Bowl... All of it...ALL of it is mine!
This is no good! Hurry up and get me another chair before my noodles get soggy!
My uncle let me have his Pokémon just for today! There's no way I'll lose! Today is the day I make that chair mine!
Even...my uncle's...Pokémon... Just...who...exactly...are you?!
I can't go all out against a kid. Can't you just lose and run along somewhere?
That strength... Could you be the one I've heard about?!
I'm prepared.
The boss didn't say anything about this! Just who in the world are you?
Hmmph... So you're my opponent... All right... I've got no complaints.
Hmmph! To think that I would throw my hands up in defeat. You've got my respect.
I knew you'd win your way through. From when we first met, I had a feeling that someday we'd end up meeting here. But... Your sitting in that chair is a sin that shall not be forgiven. That chair was made only for the royalty of the Mauville Food Court. That's right, it's a chair made for me, the Fare Prince. Well then, it's about time for you to behold the power of the prince. The Trainer or the noodles... Which will get soggy first?!
All right! Get your rear out of that chair!
Ha...hahahaha...
The royal throne...and that chair... I will take them both for myself!
Hunh... I can't give up just yet... May we meet again someday...
Place an order
Listen to explanation
Quit
These sandwiches from Unova are everything I had hoped for! My Pokémon and I are totally satisfied!
The sourness of the Berries and the light and fluffy bun are playing a harmony on top of my tongue.
All right! I got to sit down today! I'm so glad I borrowed my dad's Pokémon!
Are you a Trainer? They say there's a prince here!
Nom-nom-nom... Yummy!
These Berries are a bit bitter. I'll have my Pokémon eat them.
The name of this place is Mauville Food Court. Trainers are always battling over seats to sit and eat at, though, so it's also known as the Battle Food Court.
Won't this buzzer hurry up and buzz? I want to make it to my meal without anybody getting in my way...
Oh... It's actually delicious... I can't get enough of this sauce.
Let me tell you something interesting. There's a time when each of these dishes is at its most delicious. If you get it on the right turn, something good will happen.
Can't you get takeout here? I want my Pokémon at home to taste this flavor, too!
Y'all had better hurry up and eat before he comes back...
Slurp... Slu-slurp... Oh, it's good... Slurp... It's seriously good.
One of the Elite Four is named Glacia, right? I've seen her eating ramen here before! She was slurping down her noodles at such an incredible pace that she was dripping with sweat!
Huh?! You're getting in line now?! They're probably already sold out!
I've been in line for nearly three hours. I wonder if I'll be able to eat...
Hey! No cutting in line!
Ahh... My legs are so stiff. I can't believe that even I got tired from this line.
When your dish comes out here, it has a strange metal lid on it, right? It's called a "cloche" and is used at restaurants in the Kalos region. The owner here admires Kalos, so he went to the trouble of importing them to use here.
<var> checked the buzzer! "Just <var> turns until your meal is ready."
Nom-nom... It's kind of salty today...
All right, what should I eat today?
There's a sign that says "Staff Only" posted here.
It's a stand where you can put away your cloche after eating.
Our first queen... Take good care of the Mauville Food Court. I hope we can meet again somewhere someday! Bye-bye for now!
