Welcome to TV Mauville. Many TV programs broadcast in the Hoenn region are filmed and edited in the studios here. Feel free to tour the studios.
Have you activated StreetPass? If not, activate it on your BuzzNav. You can watch news about nearby friends!
Are you touring the studios? Don't touch any of the equipment. It could be dangerous.
Oh! Oh! The notification icon appeared on my BuzzNav! I'll check the latest news!
We're here on a field trip! I need the host of Trend Shoot! My mom asked me to get his autograph.
Do you know how to use the communication button on the PSS? The PSS is one of the apps of the PlayNav. You can use it to get news of faraway friends on the Internet. Think global! That's how the world is going. Otherwise, you won't be able to survive in this tough world. Yep, I'm probably the only one in my age group concerned about it!
I'll be on TV when I grow up! And I'll talk about wonderful items with Pokémon!
Cha tch tch!
Hey! Hello—you over there. Do you know the Hoenn Rangers?
Of course, you don't know. I'm not even surprised. The Hoenn Rangers Coexistence Force! It's all heroes we created to promote Hoenn. At least...that was our plan. But around the same time as our heroes debuted, the Contest Spectacular got popular in the Hoenn region, and... Sigh. Nobody paid any attention to our heroes...
If you hit up souvenir shops, I think you can still find action figures or whatever. But they've probably been cleared off the shelves already...
You know about them? Really? That puts the heart back in me!
Hoenn's Local Heroes The Hoenn Rangers Coexistence Force! We fight for the peaceful coexistence of Pokémon, nature, and people!
Hoenn's Local Heroes The Hoenn Rangers Coexistence Force! It's an action figure of the powerful yet absentminded hero, Mauville Yellow. The number on the price tag is faded by the sun, and you can't tell how much it is.
The shelf is crammed with TV Mauville merchandise.
A poster for the BuzzTV program "Special ☆ Spectaculars" is displayed on the wall.
A poster for the BuzzTV program "Secret Base Crashers!" is displayed on the wall.
A poster for the BuzzTV program "MDU: Mirage Detection Unit" is displayed on the wall.

It's Telemauv, the mascot character of TV Mauville!
The shelf is filled with files entitled "Press Activity Report."
It's the equipment that edits images and music.
It's a script for Pokémon News!
Oh, it looks so GOOOOOOD! I wanna dig in right this second! Wha—? You want a battle? Now?! OK, it's time to eat or be eaten! Our menu's stocked with dishes too good to miss, and our food court's packed with Trainers too good to pass up! The Mauville Food Court is open for battle EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK!
