I will judge your skill at battling with a Battle Test! What would you like to do?
The master returns! Would you like to challenge a Battle Test?
Try a Battle Test
Try a Download Test
Download Tests
Info
Cancel
Then let's begin the Battle Test at once! Please bear in mind that once you start, you'll face five battles without a break. If you're ready for that, please choose the Pokémon you'd like to battle with.
Let the Single Battle Test begin!
Let the Double Battle Test begin!
Next is the second round! Start!
We're still just beginning! Third round...start!
The end is in sight! Fourth round...start!
It all comes down to this! Fifth and final round...start!
Good effort out there. Let's see the results of your Battle Test... Based on your results, you are...
Master Rank! A-a-amazing! How about giving me a few pointers next time, huh?
Elite Rank! Goodness me! You can definitely brag to your friends about that.
Hyper Rank! That is impressive. You must be practicing quite a bit.
Super Rank! You're quite strong, aren't you?
Normal Rank! It seems your abilities are about average.
Novice Rank... Hmm, I see. You could try a bit harder.
Oh... Beginner Rank. Maybe you should brush up on your basics.
Well, last but not least, I'll award you with BP and prizes for your efforts on the test!
<var> received <var> BP!
O-oh, you'd like to try? I'm sorry... It's probably still too early for you to try any of the Battle Tests here. Please come back after you finish your journey and grow stronger.
What would you like me to explain?
Battle Tests
Battle Rules
Download Tests
Cancel
In a Battle Test, you battle against five Trainers in a row without pause. I will evaluate your skill at Pokémon battling based on those five battles. You can receive Battle Points—or BP for short—based on how you battle! And I've also arranged for prizes to be awarded based on your performance!
In this Battle Institute, we like to have an even playing field, so all Pokémon battle at Lv. 50. Select three Pokémon for a Single Battle Test and four Pokémon for the Double Battle Test. All of your Pokémon and all of the items they hold must be different. No duplicates allowed!
Download Tests are special Battle Tests that can be downloaded during certain times via the Internet or from a special-event location. There are two connections you can use: a local connection or an Internet connection. Please select the appropriate connection based on the environment that you are in.
We hope to see you again!
Even when I make full use of everything I learned, Battle Tests are still difficult!
To take a Battle Test, you need to be stronger than the Champion... Battle Tests are taking place in many different regions... That means there are many Trainers who are stronger than Champions. I'm curious about how strong Hoenn Trainers are compared to Trainers in other regions.
Howdy there, Trainer. Please wait!
You're a skilled Trainer, ain'tcha? No need to say nothin'. Just take this here gift!
It's a Vs. Recorder! You can record battles with friends or battles at facilities. It's a purty high-tech device!
It's a thang that costs tens of thousands, but I don't need anythan' in return from you. If word gets 'round that a strong Trainer like you uses a Vs. Recorder, I'll get more customers who want to buy 'em. That's my plan.
In Mauville, there are as many as three places where your Pokémon can learn moves. If you find a rare Pokémon, you may want to seek out these places.
