That man over there, he says weird things! He's funny in a weird way. I don't think I'll ever forget him.
Sometimes, there's a weird man standing there. But I don't think it's always the same guy...
I think there used to be a strange man in this Pokémon Center... But I can't remember.
Hi! Were you surprised by the size of Mauville City? After all, this is the biggest city in Hoenn!
If you can't make full use of O-Powers, you're not a true ace! I'm using them again and again and leveling up O-Powers...and myself!


My name is Giddy! I have a scintillating story for you! Would you like to hear my story?
Oh... You've deflated me...
When you see the setting sun, does it make you want to go home?
Also, I was thinking...
What's the bottom of the sea like? Just once I would so love to go!
I bought crayons with 120 colors! Don't you think that's nice?
Lying back in the green grass... Oh, it's so, so nice!
Wouldn't it be nice if we could float away on a cloud of bubbles?
When you write something on a sandy beach, it will be washed away. That makes me sad.
That's about it, I think...
Thank you for listening! To show my appreciation, I'll share my O-Power with you!
<var> received an O-Power!
You can now use <var>!
O-Powers are mysterious powers. You can use them from the PSS. They make Pokémon stronger, increase prize money, and more. They're super useful! You can use them on your friends, too. Being able to help your friends... It's wonderful, isn't it?
Well, I'm going home now. If you like, visit me sometime. I live in Mauville Hills.
Oh, you might be able to meet my friends here, too.
Hey, yo! They call me the Hipster. I'll teach you what's hip and happening.
Oh... That's too bad...
Right on! Are you psyched about my groovy talk to the max? I'm far out, right? What? Not cool? Lame...
Okeydokey. Young'uns like you are blown away by my funky words! Yeah, yeah. That's what it is! Everybody digs me so much that it's almost embarrassing!
Huh? What does it mean? Well... Ask your grandpa or grandma, OK? Anyhoo, the way you're listening is outta sight! It has me even more psyched! I'll give you an O-Power! Here we go!
Next time, I'll teach you even more totally awesome trendy words!
It's time to say good-bye! So...later. Will you do me a solid and tell the other men hi for me?
Hi, I'm the Bard. Would you like to hear my song?
Oh... You've left me feeling the blues...
♪ Sister eats sweets. Voracious and drooling.
How do you like my song? But I'm none too happy about the lyrics. Thank you for listening to the unfinished song. Please take this as an apology.
♪ Dude sees lady. Happy and twirling.
How do you like my song? The lyrics are great, aren't they? Thank you for listening to such a wonderful song. Please take this as a token of my appreciation.
The Hoenn region may be big, but I think I'm the only one who can sing this well.
Oh, what a moving song... I feel really great! I should go home and let the others hear my song. If you like, visit us in Mauville Hills.
Hi, I'm the Trader. Want to trade me something for a Decoration?
Oh... I feel unwanted...
Thanks! If you see anything that you want among my decorative items, let me know.
Duskull Doll
Poké Ball Cushion
Tire
Flowering Plant
You won't trade with me? I feel unwanted...
You want my <var>. OK, pick the item that you'll trade to me.
Potion
Antidote
Poké Ball
You don't want anything? I feel unwanted...
You don't have <var>!
OK, so we'll trade my <var> for your <var>.
Good, we'll trade! Please decorate your Secret Base with it!
And, and, I'll give you this, too!
I'll stock up more items, so let's trade again, OK?
Thank you. I was able to trade with you, so I should get going. See you. Decorate your base with a lot of items!
I think my friend will come here soon... He likes strong Trainers.
I'm the Storyteller. I'll tell you tales of legendary Trainers. Will you hear my tale?
Oh... I feel stifled...
This is a tale of a Trainer named <var>...
This Trainer saved the game <var> times. A more cautious Trainer than <var> will never be found!
Furthermore, <var>...
This Trainer battled <var> times. <var> must be a Trainer who can never refuse a chance to battle!
This Trainer healed Pokémon <var> times at home! No one could be more of a homebody than <var>.
This Trainer rode the Cable Car <var> times! <var> must be a busy Trainer who's up and down all the time!
This Trainer hatched <var> Pokémon from Eggs! <var> is a legendary warmer of Eggs!
This Trainer used hiser Dowsing Machine <var> times. <var> must love to find hidden items.
Seriously, the Trainer <var>'s legend is so epic that I talked too much! What? You're the one and only <var>?! Wow! I met the legendary Trainer! As a keepsake, please accept this power.
Hmmm. Entering the Hall of Fame is not far fetched for a Trainer like you!
I'm the Storyteller. Wow! The legendary Trainer <var> finally entered the Hall of Fame! Now that I've seen the climax of your legend, I can go home in peace. See you!
Oh, if you like, please come to my house in Mauville Hills.
Aha! Pokémon Journal Is organizing Boxes overwhelming? Then press START! Every time you press the button, you can switch the modes for selecting Pokémon.
Quit
