Hey, kid, listen to this. I got this here Metronome that was used by a super-famous musician. If you're really desperate, I guess I could let it go for, say, $1,000. How 'bout it?
Thanks, pal. Sure, I coulda given it to you for nothin', but that ain't how the world works, eh? Here's how to use it. Hand it to a Pokémon, an' then battle with the same move over and over. It'll get stronger an' stronger. Just keep chippin' away.
I shoulda said... That super-famous musician I mentioned? Me. I'm just too popular for my own good lately. I'm not an idol or anything, but I gotta dress like this whenever I leave the house or I get clobbered by fans and paparazzi! Gwahahaheh!
Huh? You don't really need it? But it belonged to a famous musician...
Hey! You trying to shortchange me, punk? I'll wait, but ya better go get some money!
Wait a sec... Here, you've got boatloads of Metronomes already, don't you?! What are you, some kinda Metronome maniac?
...Hey, squirt. You like Pokémon?
...You REALLY like 'em?
...Would you even say you love 'em?
...You'd REALLY say you love 'em?
...Then I'll give you this. Here, take it.
...See, I like Pokémon.
...Tch!
It looks like a real Pokémon, but in fact, it is a fantastically realistic model. It has a note stuck on it that says, "The Rhyhorn Rider is out of order."
Why would anyone ride on this kinda thing when we've got real Pokémon to ride on?
I used to ditch class to come here when I was a student. But I can't get away with that now that I'm a working man. Sigh...
Gazing at the vastness of the sky, watching the clouds flow... I imagine soaring through the sky on the back of a Pokémon...
Lo! Lo! Lo!
Young'un... Take a good look at that...
Och, but Taillow is a lucky one... Way up high...with the touch of the wind ruffling its feathers...
Young'un... Take a good look at that...
What could have gotten into our Winona? Standing there, way up high, feeling the wind in her hair...
I feel like a new woman after baskin' awhile in the sunlight—just like a Grass-type Pokémon!
I feel like a new woman after baskin' awhile in the sunlight—just like a Grass-type Pokémon! I reckon I can say that 'cause I'm of an age where I've given up worrying about spots or wrinkles or such.
I'm an old busybody. What of it! I'm not shy of telling you to be nice to folks! Now then, whippersnapper, get on that PSS and start handing out O-Powers! Make others happy and you'll find your own happiness, right enough.

I used to work at Sea Mauville, ages and ages ago. But I still remember it like it was yesterday... One of the fellers working under me—can't even recall his name no more—but I can't forget him... That careless fool, aye, he made a real hash of things and I had to let him go. Signed the slip myself. Not long after he left, though, a letter came for 'im. It musta been from someone in his family, judging by the name in the return address. I imagine they musta been worrying about him, working out there on the platform alone and so far away. But the postmark, see... It was from long after he'd been let go. I guess his family never knew the truth of what happened. I guess he could never bear to tell the truth of it all... It's a memory that still makes my old heart ache.
I was born and raised in Sinnoh, while my boy lives off in Kanto. My grandson is a designer in Kalos. My great-grandson is off dreaming in Unova. Our family is scattered all over the place! But I don't feel too lonely as long as I've got this little fella by my side.
Sh-sh-sh-sh-shu.
OK! Hand, please!
A mighty fine Nugget! All yours now.
Hope it pans out for you!
There's nothing funny about Nuggets.
Eh? Seriously, ma'am? Ya gonna treat me to dinner?
I told youse I would, eh? Ya managed to become an Ace Trainer, doll. We gotta celebrate somethin' like dat. Pile up as many o' dem Village Sub Combos or Magnemite Croquettes as ya want.
Thanks, ma'am! I'mma take you up on that!
Yeah, kid. You do dat. But dis'll be our farewell meal, y'unnerstand? Youse can't keep hangin' out wit' a hood like me— not even one with a fab do like mine. Not wit' you bein' an Ace Trainer an' all.
M-ma'am...
Bawoh! Bawoh!
Hey! Wait for me-e-e-e-e-e!
I'm getting to be an age when movin' me auld bones ain't so easy as it used to be. That's why I let wee Poochyena chase after me grandson instead o' taking it on walks.
Contest Spectaculars... Maybe I could enter one. How do you feel about that, Minun? Positive? Negative?
Chirrrirrr!
See there? Take a good look... Raw talent standing before me... Full of fear, yet shining brightly... They could be the next big stars in the contest circuit... Indeed... ...Hmm?!
Oho... Looks like you have quite a bit of promise yourself. I must push you to participate in the Contest Spectaculars as well!
