Apt. 1 Rotation Frump's Home
Apt. 2 Ribbon Belle's Home
Apt. 3 Old Guys' Home
Apt. 4 This unit is vacant. Mauville Real Estate Management
Apt. 5 A Composer's Home
Apt. 6 A Devoted Woman's Home
Apt. 7 A Dreaming Man's Home
Apt. 8 This unit is vacant. Mauville Real Estate Management
Apt. 9 A Cold Woman's Home
Apt. 10 Home of the Man Who Keeps an Eye on the Corridor
Apt. 11 A Powerless Man's Home
Apt. 12 A Frightened Man's Home
Apt. 13 Wattson's Home
Apt. 14 An Ice-Cream Lover's Home
Apt. 15 This unit is vacant. Mauville Real Estate Management
Apt. 16 This unit is vacant. There is a great deal on the lease. Mauville Real Estate Management
It's an intercom. Would you like to press the button?
...There's no reply.
This is not good. Excuse me. I'm monitoring the hall with my video intercom. If you keep standing there, I'll have trouble seeing the hall.
What do you want? ...Ah, are you my fan? Sorry, but it's not cool of you to invade my privacy like this. Even without you bothering me, I'm already hearing applause from nowhere every time I play the piano, which really scares me.
Who are you? ...Ah, I see. You're his fan, too. Trying to barge into his apartment like that... You don't even deserve to be called a fan... Besides, a passion of that level is no match for my devotion toward him...
Oh, <var>. Please come in. It's open.
...Oh, may I help you? I don't really need anything.
No one is here! No one is in this unit!
...
Yo! How many months do you think you haven't paid for? If you don't pay what you owe, I'll take everything you have, including your Pokémon!
No one is here! No one is in this unit!
Oh, no one is there... Then it can't be helped... What? You're there, talking! Don't give me that!
Oops...
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
You pretended not to be in last month and the month before that! You and me need to have a long talk. Let's go inside.
Sniffle...
Yo! You're a Trainer, aren't ya? Then take this.
I got it as security for a loan from a fool who doesn't pay what he owes. A Pokémon would be miserable if it bonded with such a fool and Mega Evolved.
By the way, do you have a Lopunny? I don't know if there are any in Hoenn, but they're very cute Pokémon. They're especially cute in Pokémon-Amie. Take this as impetus to catch one!
Owning a home was my dream. The dream turned into a nightmare called a mortgage...
I realized this after living with my Skitty. My place is too big for the two of us, and we feel lonely.
Mwut?
Hey, what are you staring at me for? I have to wait here for Genesect... Oops, forget what I just said!
Hey, that Pokémon you have... It's Genesect, isn't it? Shhhh! Don't worry! You must be the one to give these to, eh? Say nothing. Just take them.
Douse Drive... Shock Drive... Burn Drive... and Chill Drive! Just between you and me, these are some really rare items. They come from the Unova region through some shady market, you know? Let Genesect hold one of these and... Oh, you already know that, right?
Hey, it's you! You know what they say? That 300 million years ago, Genesect ruled the world! Imagine if we suddenly went back in time... I'd feel lonely and homesick...and scared!
Oh, you're such a smooth talker, eh? ♪ Don't tease an old woman like me. ♪ Well, I have to admit that I'd participate in the Contest Spectacular if I were 10 years younger.
My lady, don't say such things! Your beauty has an ageless quality! Look at me—I'm still on the active list. My Pokémon and I love to go out and dig for Secret Bases!

When I was a kid, there was nothing around here. It was a very boring rural town. But one day, I heard that Wattson would start redeveloping this place modeled on a place called Lumiose. When I heard that, a lightbulb went on in my head, and I started buying up land around here. As a result, I'm now the owner of Mauville Hills. I can live very comfortably on the rental income.
Do you watch BuzzNav? Programs on BuzzNav are broadcast from the TV station here to the entire Hoenn region.
