
Uncle, I'm begging you!
I want to challenge this Gym to see how much stronger I've become!
Please! You'll let me, won't you?
Now hold on, Wally...
It's certainly true that you've grown quite a lot stronger alongside your Pokémon. But don't you think that jumping right into challenging a Gym might be pushing it?
I'm not pushing it! If it's me and my Ralts, we can beat anyone!
Ah! <var>!
Ralts and I have gotten a lot stronger since we first met. Growing together!
I want to prove that to you and my uncle both, <var>.
Please...help me once more... And have a battle with me!
But if you won't battle against me, <var>... I don't think my uncle will believe that I've really gotten stronger.
Young man... Your name is <var>, isn't it?
Young lady... Your name is <var>, isn't it?
I do apologize for asking, but do you think you could battle Wally just this once? For his own sake? It doesn't seem like he'll listen to reason the way he is now...
<var>, please! Battle with me!
Thank you, <var>. OK. Here we go!
We're going to win this, Ralts! We have to!

Uncle... I'll go back to Verdanturf...
<var>, thank you... Being a Trainer is tough, isn't it?
It's not enough just to battle with your Pokémon. I can't become a true Trainer like that... Not really...
Wally, there's no need to get so down on yourself. Why, what's keeping you from becoming stronger? Nothing is! All you need to do is keep growing.
...
Come on, let's go home. Everyone's waiting for you.
...Yes, Uncle.
<var>...
I... I'm definitely... I'm going to get stronger. Much, much stronger!
I feel like I learned a lot from just one Pokémon battle with you... About my own limits...and Ralts's...
So...um... That's why... <var>... If it's all right... Could I...
Could I call you...my r-riv—
Ah, never mind! S-sorry! It was nothing! Please forget about it!
Guh...good-bye!
It just dawned on me that you must be the young man who kept an eye out for Wally when he caught his Pokémon.
It just dawned on me that you must be the young lady who kept an eye out for Wally when he caught his Pokémon.
So it's you we have to thank for Wally becoming so positive about the future. Thank you.
...Ah, here! Take this. I want you to have it, as a bit of a thank-you.
Even if there are obstacles in your path, I think you'll be able to break through them. Especially if you use Rock Smash there!
We should head back now, but... If you ever have the time, I'd love it if you'd stop by our home in Verdanturf. I'm sure Wally would enjoy it, too. We'll look forward to seeing you!




You know, it's cool to have Pokémon battles and stuff... But if your Pokémon gets hurt, you have to nurse it back to health.
The roads of this town stretch north and south, and east and west. Because of that, we get all sorts of people coming through.
Have you been to Rydel's Cycles yet? Rydel, the owner, is a very generous man.
Even if you're riding a Bike, wild Pokémon could jump you.
Mauville City The bright and shiny city of fun! ↑Mauville City Gym →↑Rydel's Cycles
Mauville City Pokémon Gym Leader: Wattson The cheerfully electrifying man!
"Ride in Gravel and Shake Up Your Soul!" Rydel's Cycles

Hi, do you check out BuzzNav at all? They've added a bunch of cool new shows recently.
BuzzNav is so cool. I've seen my friends on BuzzNav just out of the blue. Sometimes, they even put you on a program without telling you.
Someday I want to be on a BuzzNav program. Anyway, check out BuzzNav often!
Hi, have you been checking out BuzzNav?
Where are we supposed to be, um... Where are we going, again?
It's Mt. Chimney! Stay spaced out, and you'll get scolded by Maxie!
Mt. Chimney... It'll be a long walk going along Route 112 to get there. I wish I'd brought some snacks...
Where are we supposed to be, um... Where are we going, again?
It's Mt. Chimney! Stay spaced out, and you'll get scolded by Archie!
Mt. Chimney... It'll be a long walk going along Route 112 to get there. I wonder if I should buy lunch first...




Hi there. Welcome! This is a specialty mirror store. Basically, we deal in mirrors and mirrors alone. We only exhibit and sell mirrors my husband collects from who knows where. So we don't have very many for sale. This mirror, by the way, is said to be used with Tornadus, Thundurus, and Landorus. I have no idea if that's true.
Hi, there. Welcome! Wait a sec! Don't tell me that you are with <var>! Oh, my! That's awesome! This mirror is called Reveal Glass and it's said to be for <var>! You can have it. Feel free to use it! But don't tell my husband about it, okay?
Have you tried the mirror I gave you yet? I feel a bit bad for my husband, but items are useless unless you use them, right? Tee hee! Trainer, I'm cheering for you!
Welcome, young one. Have you ever heard of "reflexology"? This is where Pokémon can receive a massage treatment. Would you like me to give your <var> a treatment?
Sure enough. If you change your mind, I'll be here!
OK, then! Guess I'll get started on that massage!

That's it. I'm all done here! The massage made your Pokémon much more friendly toward you, it seems!
That's it. I'm all done here! The massage made your Pokémon somewhat more friendly toward you, it seems!
That's it. I'm all done here! The massage made your Pokémon a little bit more friendly toward you, it seems!
Oh, it's you again. That massage I provided used a lot of my energy, you see. I can only do that once a day... If you'd like another massage for your Pokémon, come back tomorrow!


"For Pokémon That Aim for a Higher Rank" Ritzy Ribbon Retail
"Massage for Body and Spirit" Pokémon Reflexology Services
"Collect Miles and Turn Them into Smiles" PokéMileage Center
"We See Eye to Eye" Narcissus Mirror Shop
"Thank you for your support over the years. Good game!" Mauville Game Corner Owner
"A Mellow Blend of Coffee & Music" Crooner's Café
"Test Your Battle Mettle!" Battle Institute Hoenn
"Same Old Battles Got You Down? Turn It Up!" Inverse Battle Stop
"Open to Anyone Anytime" Ultimate Move Studio
"Looking for Apprentices" Pledge Move Dojo
"Students Wanted" Song and Sword Move Academy
"Hoenn's One and Only TV Network" TV Mauville
"Known as the Battle Food Court" Mauville Food Court
I used to run a business here, but I had to close it for reasons you don't need to know. Anyway, I still have some prizes left. Do you think you can take care of them?
Thank you, thank you! I can tell they are happy, too!
No? Oh, OK. Sorry to have bothered you.
People used to come to my place and play games like crazy. Good times. Sigh... Times change.
Welcome to Ritzy Ribbon Retail. What would you like today?
Oh, you'd like a Gorgeous Ribbon? You have good eyes. It's actually a popular item at a very reasonable price. That'll be $10,000.
You'd like a Royal Ribbon? You have good eyes. We are proud to be able to price it exactly according to its value. That will be $100,000, please.
You'd like a Gorgeous Royal Ribbon? You have good eyes. It's handmade by a living national treasure from the Sinnoh region, and it is one of a kind. That will be $999,999, please.

Oh, your Pokémon is already wearing this Ribbon.
I'm afraid you don't seem to have sufficient funds.
Thank you so much for your purchase!
<var> put the Ribbon on hiser <var>!
We are looking forward to your next visit.
Pay
No thanks
Gorgeous Ribbon
Royal Ribbon
Gorgeous Royal Ribbon
No, thank you.
Hi there! Let me tell you the list of Pokémon that can take lessons at our studio! The blazing Fire-type Pokémon: Charizard, Typhlosion, Blaziken, Infernape, Emboar, and Delphox! The restless Water-type Pokémon: Blastoise, Feraligatr, Swampert, Empoleon, Samurott, and Greninja! The quiet Grass-type Pokémon: Venusaur, Meganium, Sceptile, Torterra, Serperior, and Chesnaught! Those are the ones eligible for our lessons!

Mauville is a great city for Bikers! There are plenty of places to park Bikes, and Cycling Road is just around the corner!
Hanging around and doing nothing is, like, the best leisure activity in all Hoenn.
I'm the eldest of four sisters. Route 117 is down this corridor to the west. There is a day-care center for Pokémon.
I'm the second eldest of four sisters. Route 118 is down this corridor to the east. You'll need a Pokémon that has learned Surf.
I'm third eldest of four sisters. Route 111 is down this corridor to the north. If you want to go to Mt. Chimney, you'll need to take this route.
I'm the youngest of four sisters. Route 110 is down that corridor to the south. It's a unique route where you'll find Cycling Road and the Trick House.
I know that the second floor here is used for apartments, but I have no idea how to get there. Normally, you'd need to know one of the people who live there to get in...

I'm here to buy my wife's Pokémon a Ribbon... But all these ribbons are way too expensive.












Wow! So this is Mauville City!
Hahaha! You sure seem to be enjoying it, Wally. So what would you like to do? Do you want to grab a bite to eat at the Mauville Food Court? Or maybe we should get you a Bike of your own at Rydel's Cycles. Would you like that? I bet the exercise would be good for your health.
No, thank you! I want to challenge the Gym right away!
What?
Let me see... I'm pretty sure the Gym is...
Yup! Straight ahead this way! Just through the inner courtyard!
What? Hey! Wait!
Wally?!
It's the ticket vending machine for parking Bikes!
Phew... It's actually pretty far, isn't it? All the way here to Mauville...
So that must be Route 118 ahead... I wonder what kind of Pokémon I'll meet there. I can't wait to find out!
I'll see you later, <var>! I'm going straight to Route 118! Let's definitely have a battle next time we meet! It's a promise, OK? And you can't break a promise!
Mauville City The bright and shiny city of fun! ←Mauville City Gym →↓Rydel's Cycles

Mauville City The bright and shiny city of fun! ↑←Mauville City Gym →Rydel's Cycles
Mauville City The bright and shiny city of fun! ↑→Mauville City Gym →Rydel's Cycles
