



























Oh, <var>, eh? You got here just in time to give me a hand and take a look at this.
This is Square Tower, an attraction here in Mauville City. It's not just for decoration, though. It has a purpose. It's monitoring how things are going in a place near here called New Mauville. To put it simply, it's a watchtower. The light's shining brightly now, see? It's warning us that something out of the ordinary may be going on in New Mauville.
I've got something to ask of you, <var>. If we're going to keep standing around talking, could I get you to come to my place? I've got an apartment on the second floor at Mauville Hills. I'll let the security guy know, so how about you grab the elevator on the first floor? I sure am sorry to put you out like this, <var>, but please do come.
Square Tower This monument was built to commemorate the friendship between Mauville City and Lumiose City in the Kalos region.
I got all fired up in the Pokémon battle and got really hungry, honey!
Me, too, darling. First, I want to get a Mauville Ramen Bowl.
Boogoogoo.
The second floor here is a high-class apartment complex called Mauville Hills.
My hometown is Castelia City. It's as big as this city.
The world is big, isn't it? You, come to Castelia someday.
It's the Square Tower!
It's the Square Tower! The light of the tower is shining brightly!
Tallo!
Hehehe... The view from here. Only tenants can enjoy this privilege...
Mauville City, Sea Mauville on Route 108, and New Mauville... All of them have "Mauville" in their names, right? That's because some corporate group held all the legal rights on every one of them. But the group went under, and everything except the name "Mauville" disappeared into thin air.
When I get up in the morning, my family brings me here. I chitchat with my tea-loving friends, who are also brought here by their families. Then I eat the lunch my family prepared for me. My family picks me up when the sun sets. This is my every day, my lifestyle. I have nothing to complain about.
Goo.
All right, made it to Mauville City.
We've arrived in Mauville City!


Up ahead here is Mt. Chimney, huh? That's the place those nut jobs at Meteor Falls were talking about going to. Be careful, <var>. It might get dangerous around here.
Up ahead here is Mt. Chimney, huh? That's the place those nut jobs at Meteor Falls were talking about going to. Be careful, <var>. It might get dangerous around here.


I could take out those sparkly ones with just one Power-Up Punch, though! I wish I had that move!
