Yes? If you're looking for Stern, that would be me. Ah! Those must be the parts I ordered from Mr. Stone at Devon. Thank you for bringing the case all this way. Now we can prepare for our expedition at last!
Heh heh heh heh... Hold up a moment! We'll be taking those!
Hah hah hah hah... Just a moment! We'll be taking those parts!
Wh-what was that?! Who are you people?!
We're Team Aqua! Our boss wants the parts in that case, so shut your yap and fork it over!
We are Team Magma! Our boss has need of the parts in that case, so relinquish it to us at once!
Awaaaughhh! I got beat by a little brat?
Absurd! I was defeated by this child?
Oh, man, what a disaster... The boss is gonna be furious...
This is quite disastrous. At this rate, I will become the target of the boss's fury!
Hmph! Sniveling wimp! Stand back and watch me, the 27th-strongest member of Team Aqua, take care of this kid!
My, you really are incompetent... I suggest you observe while a future Ace Grunt of Team Magma makes short work of this infant.
HShe beat the 27th-strongest Grunt in Team Aqua?
How could a future Ace Grunt of Team Magma be defeated?
N-now what? If we don't get that case, we're in for it!
Wh-what should we do now? We must obtain that case at once!
Arrgh! I never thought we'd be stopped by some meddling kid!
Hmph... I would never have posited that a mere child would prove such an obstacle.
What do we have here? I came to see what was taking so long just to steal a few parts, and I find you simps getting beat by this kid?
Now here I was wondering how you could be held up in the simple act of seizing a case. Do I take it you are being stymied by this child?
Heh! That's quite a fierce expression for such a wee little scamp. That face tells me you're not just another mindless Trainer brat.
The name is Archie. The rough-looking lot you see here are members of my team—Team Aqua.
So tell me, boyogirlie... Do you know that Pokémon, people, and all life in this world depend on the sea for life? That's right. The sea is an irreplaceable treasure for every living thing on this planet.
But with our selfish extravagance, humanity dirties the great ocean, destroying this source of all life... Day by day, we're all destroying our most precious resource!
If we humans suffer from our actions, well, maybe we'll end up getting what we deserve. But what about the Pokémon in our world? The Pokémon that no longer have a place to live because we stole and soiled their seas? The Pokémon that won't have a place to raise their young and watch them grow? We are creating a world in which innocent Pokémon suffer as a result of our actions... And that is something that I can't forgive!
That's why I came to a decision, see? The foolish actions of my fellow humans, the seas we have blighted, nature itself... I will return everything to its unspoiled beginnings!
... Heh! It's not like me to talk so much.
Never mind, little scamp... I'll withdraw for now and leave you be. But understand this... Get in my way again, and you won't walk away unscathed next time.
Remember that, at least!
We're moving out, lads!
Hmm. Though you are but a child, your eyes tell me of your fierce determination. My heart is pounding in my chest... Yes, I think I can see why my lowly Grunts could not stand one minute against you.
I am called Maxie. I stand as the head of Team Magma, a noble organization whose goal is to propel humanity to even greater heights of progress and evolution.
Indeed. And you are one of the young persons who may shape our society's future. Considering that fact, I believe I shall educate you in the ways of the world.
The land... It is the stage upon which humanity stands. The land exists so we humans might continue onward and upward, stepping into the future... For us to continue growing and evolving, humans require a grand stage upon which to stand. A land upon which we can stride forward... A land we can explore...develop...exploit... This is the basis for the growth of all human endeavor.
That is why we, Team Magma, must increase the landmass of this world!
Believe that this will lead to a future of eternal happiness for humanity... And consequently for all life!
Humph. I suppose the concept may still be too difficult for a child to comprehend. Is that the case?
At least I have tried to open your mind. I will take my leave for now. I suggest you take care that you never again stand against Team Magma. I will not be so lenient the next time.
I implore you to remember that.
We are done here.
Young man... Ah, <var>, is it? That was quite a tense situation! Thank you for helping me out! Oh, yes, I almost forgot that you brought the parts from Devon!
Young lady... Ah, <var>, is it? That was quite a tense situation! Thank you for helping me out! Oh, yes, I almost forgot that you brought the parts from Devon!
<var> handed over the Devon Parts to Captain Stern.
This is it! I can't be standing around here! It's finally time for us to set out on our ocean-floor expedition! Thanks for this, and excuse me!
Looking at this model of a ship here reminds me of Mr. Briney on Route 104.
Don't run around inside the museum!
Wow, the submarine's awesome! I want to go for a ride!
"Kanto Water Quality Sample," the label says. The sea is all connected, but the water seems to differ by region.
"Johto Water Quality Sample," the label says. Maybe the water's saltiness differs from one region to another...
"Sinnoh Water Quality Sample," the label says. "The water from melted snow contains a lot of nutrients, such as minerals, for example."
"Unova Water Quality Sample," the label says. "Water hardness is a measure of the amount of calcium and magnesium it contains."
"Kalos Water Quality Sample," the label says. "The hardness of Kalos's water often exceeds 300 ppm. That's characteristic of the water in Kalos."

"Model of Hoenn Region" It's a miniature diorama of the Hoenn region. Where is Littleroot Town on this?
It's a display on the flow of seawater. "Near the bottom of the sea, water flows due to differences in such factors as temperature and salinity."
It's a display on the flow of seawater. "Toward the surface, seawater flows as currents driven by the winds."
"The Ferry S.S. Tidal" "A scale replica of the ship under construction at Stern's Shipyard."
"Prototype Submarine Explorer 0" "A replica of the high-performance submarine for ocean-floor exploration. An improved model of Submarine Explorer 0— Submarine Explorer 1—is in use now."
"Submersible Pod" "A replica of a compact, unmanned pod for seafloor exploration."
"The S.S. Anne" "A replica of the luxury liner that circles the globe."
"The Royal Unova" "A model of the sunset cruiser currently being built in the Unova region. It's scheduled to be complete in — years." The number is too faint to be read.

A video is playing of a guy with a wacky hairstyle, who could be a scientist conducting an experiment with some sort of machine... "Because of this... when you dive into the sea, you feel discomfort in your ears..."
