Welcome to the Oceanic Museum. The entrance fee is $50. Would you like to enter?
Enjoy the museum.
Oh? I'm sorry, but you don't seem to have enough money.
Oh? You're with that group that went in earlier? You're the only one who's late. You'd better go catch up to them!
Please visit again!
Excuse me! Please go through reception!
We, Team Aqua, exist for all Pokémon!
We of Team Magma exist for the good of all people!
We were told to assemble here, so we did, but... The most important person, our boss, isn't here.
We were told to assemble here, so we did, but... Our boss, the linchpin, isn't here.
If I stole the stuff here, would it make me rich?
We might be able to make money by stealing things from here.
I can do bad stuff using my power...
I can put my knowledge to use in nefarious deeds...
If our goon didn't bungle things in Rustboro, we wouldn't be here!
If our member didn't fail in Rustboro, we wouldn't have to come here!
I didn't have $50, so it took a long time to get past the receptionist.
It's a secret that I was stopped at reception because I didn't have $50.
I want to learn about the sea and use that knowledge for battling.
I get all giddy and gooey when I see the sea! For me, Captain Stern is the number-one role model!
The sea is vast without end and infinitely deep... There must be many Pokémon that we don't know about.
I want a sea Pokémon. I think it would feel cool and nice to hug.
Aiyeeeh! What are you doing here? Me? I'm the Team Aqua member you thumped before, remember? Here, take this! You have to forgive me!
Aiyeeeh! What are you doing here? Me? I'm the Team Magma member you thumped before, remember? Here, take this! You have to forgive me!
Aww, darn it! You so screwed up our plans! I was going to steal something to make up for it, but... Just you wait! You'll get yours one day!

A blue fluid is spiraling inside a glass vessel. This is an experiment to create a Whirlpool artificially using wind.
A red ball is bobbing up and down inside a glass vessel. This is an experiment simulating a Waterfall using the ball's buoyancy.
It's a sample of soil from the ocean floor. Over many years, the remains of life-forms settle at the bottom of the sea, making sedimentary layers. Analyzing these layers reveals the ancient past.
It's a sample of beach sand. Stones from mountains are washed down by rivers, where they are chipped and ground down. They are reduced to grains, ending up as beach sand.
Oceanic Mini Fact 1 Why is seawater blue? Light is composed of many colors. When light passes through water, most kinds of light lose color. However, blue light retains its color, making the sea appear blue.
Oceanic Mini Fact 2 Why is the sea salty? Seawater contains dissolved salt in the form of sodium and chlorine ions. These ions leach out of rocks. The concentration of dissolved salt makes the sea salty.
Oceanic Mini Fact 3 Which is bigger? The sea or land? The sea covers about 70 percent of the planet, and the rest is land. The sea is therefore more than twice the size of land.
It's a Fossil with wavy ridges on it. Soil on the ocean floor gets scoured by the tide. The flowing seawater marks the soil with small ridges and valleys. If this soil becomes fossilized, it is called a ripple mark.
A strange machine is rotating under a glass dome. Maybe it's for measuring the depth of something...
A rubber ball is expanding and shrinking. In the sea, the weight of water itself exerts pressure. In shallow water, the pressure is not very heavy. However, in extremely deep water, the pressure can reach even tens of thousands of tons on a small area.
