You... Ah. You're <var>, aren't you?
You... Ah. You're <var>, aren't you?
Thank you for helping our Wally out back there.
That boy has been sickly since the time he was born, I'm afraid.
That's why we decided to send him to stay with my brother's family in Verdanturf Town for a while.
The air is far cleaner there than it is around these parts.
Oh, you're looking for Wally? I'm sorry, young manlady, but I'm afraid he's already left.
I wonder where he is right this moment...
I wonder how our Wally is doing...





Has Surf been proving useful? Teach it to your Pokémon if you want to travel across the sea.
What?! You met Wally in Ever Grande City?! Oh, you joker, <var>! You really had me going there for a moment! He may be growing stronger, but he'd never make it somewhere so far away all by himself.
What?! You met Wally in Ever Grande City?! Oh, you joker, <var>! You really had me going there for a moment! He may be growing stronger, but he'd never make it somewhere so far away all by himself.
Wally was so happy when he told us that he'd caught a Pokémon... It's been ages since I've seen him smile like that.

Wally has gotten so much healthier... Getting to see him running about freely and having fun with his Pokémon... I'm so glad to see him well, for once...
I'll be leaving, then. Good-bye, Mom! Bye, Dad!
W-wait just a minute! Wally!
That's right! Are you OK? You looked like you were in trouble recently when those strange thugs came around...
Of course! My Pokémon and I are fit for anything!
See, <var> got my Key Stone back for me. And Mr. Norman gave me a ticket to a resort that sounds really neat. I can't wait to go and check it out!
My, my... I never dreamed I would one day think that Wally was TOO well...
Yes... But he looks so honestly happy... that I can't help feeling happy, too.
The fact that Wally wasn't hurt was the only silver lining in this incident. What a frightening world we live in. You be careful out there, too.
I can't forgive anyone who would do such a terrible thing to a sweet boy like Wally...
Who in the world would steal my Key Stone...
I'm afraid Wally headed out on another journey, this time clutching the ferry ticket that he got from your father. I'm glad that he has so much energy these days, but being overly energetic brings us its own set of worries...
Wally... I wonder if he's out there somewhere, giving it his all... If you happen to see him, tell him we're thinking of him...
