Huh? You're looking for Professor Birch? The prof's away on fieldwork. Ergo, not here. Oh, I guess I have to tell you what fieldwork is? Fieldwork is when you study things in their natural environments, like out in the fields and mountains, instead of in a laboratory. The prof isn't one for doing desk work, really. He's the type who would rather go outside and experience things than read about them here. He's probably doing a survey of Route 101 now. It's just outside of the town.
The professor isn't one for doing desk work. He's the type of person who would rather go outside and experience things than read about them here.
Professor Birch is studying the habitats and distribution of Pokémon. The professor enjoys May's help, too. There's a lot of love there.
Professor Birch is studying the habitats and distribution of Pokémon. The professor enjoys Brendan's help, too. There's a lot of love there.
So, <var>! I've heard so much about you from your father. But he said that you don't have your own Pokémon yet. If that's true, that was quite the performance back there! Looks like you really are your father's son!
So, <var>! I've heard so much about you from your father. But he said that you don't have your own Pokémon yet. If that's true, that was quite the performance back there! Looks like you really are your father's daughter!
Oh, yes! To say thanks for rescuing me out there, how about I give you that Pokémon you used earlier?
<var> received <var>!
While you're at it, why not give a nickname to that <var>?
Yup! That's the spirit! So what kind of name will you go with?
Oh, so that's how you like to do things? Not even going to give it a nickname, are you?
You know, if you work with your Pokémon and gain experience, I think you'll make a pretty excellent Trainer. My girl, May, happens to be out on Route 103 right now, surveying Pokémon for me. It might not be a bad idea for you to head out that way yourself. What do you think?
You know, if you work with your Pokémon and gain experience, I think you'll make a pretty excellent Trainer. My boy, Brendan, happens to be out on Route 103 right now, surveying Pokémon for me. It might not be a bad idea for you to head out that way yourself. What do you think?
Great! I'm sure May'll be happy to hear that, too. She can help teach you what it means to be a Trainer.
Great! I'm sure Brendan'll be happy to hear that, too. He can help teach you what it means to be a Trainer.
Oh, don't be that way! You should go meet my kid.
Oh, yes! And if you're ever lost along the way, use the AreaNav on your PokéNav Plus! You can use it to see how to get to Route 103, where May ought to be. And if you or your Pokémon get tired, get some rest back at your new house.
...Oh, yes! And if you're ever lost along the way, just use the AreaNav on your PokéNav Plus! You can use it to see how to get to Route 103, where Brendan should be. And if you or your Pokémon get tired, get some rest back at your new house.
Oh! <var>! Over here!
Oh! <var>! Over here!
So I hear you beat May on your first try. That's amazing! May's been helping with my research for a long time, so she has a pretty long history as a Trainer already. Mm-hmm! I think that settles it! <var>, I ordered this Pokédex for my research, but I think you should take it.
So I hear you beat Brendan on your first try. Amazing! Brendan's been helping with my research for a long time, so he has a pretty long history as a Trainer already. Mm-hmm! I think that settles it! <var>, I ordered this Pokédex for my research, but I think you should take it.
<var> received a Pokédex!
That Pokédex is a high-tech tool that automatically makes a record of any Pokémon you meet or catch. My girl May takes hers with her everywhere she goes. Whenever she catches a rare Pokémon and records its data in the Pokédex, why, she comes to seek me out wherever I am in the field and show me!
That Pokédex is a high-tech tool that automatically makes a record of any Pokémon you meet or catch. My boy Brendan takes his with him everywhere he goes. Whenever he catches a rare Pokémon and records its data in the Pokédex, why, he comes to seek me out wherever I am in the field and show me!


The Pokémon and people you will meet... And the great expanse of nature that lies before you! Experience them both while you fill in your Pokédex. I'd love it if your world seemed wider than ever! Though I'd love it even more if you came back from time to time to show me what progress you've made. ...Arghhh! I'm getting the itch to get out and do fieldwork again!
Oh, wow, <var>! Now you've got a Pokédex, too! That's great. Just like me! Then here... I'll give you something, too! Some Poké Balls that you can use to catch wild Pokémon!
If you catch a Pokémon in the wild and battle together with it for a while, it will grow stronger for you! Take that as a bit of advice from a more experienced Trainer like me! I'm going to get ready to head out from Littleroot soon myself. I can't wait to see what kind of Pokémon I'm going to meet... Let's both do our best on our journeys, <var>!

I wonder where I should go to look for Pokémon next?
Huh... So you got a Pokédex, too, <var>. Well then here. Have some Poké Balls on me. You can use them to catch wild Pokémon.
If you catch a Pokémon in the wild and battle together with it for a while, it will grow stronger for you! Take that as a bit of advice from a more experienced Trainer like me! I'm going to get ready to head out from Littleroot soon myself. It's like...I don't know... It really gets you pumped up, right? We've both gotta give it our all out there, <var>!

I wonder where I should go to look for Pokémon next...
It's a serious-looking machine. A detailed list of Pokémon that inhabit the Hoenn region is displayed on the map.
It's a PC used for research. On the monitor is an image of a never-before-seen Pokémon. Better not mess around with it.
There are still some notes written in neat handwriting in the notebook that's been left wide open! "Could it be that several thousand years ago the Pokémon population of the Hoenn region was even more diverse?"
"The History of the Hoenn Region," "The Ecosystem of Pokémon 3,000 Years Ago," "The Pokémon of Kalos and Hoenn," "The Coexistence of People and Pokémon," "Distribution of Pokémon Species, National Edition." There are a lot books written by Professor Birch here!
Welcome back, <var>! You must be tired after all your recent exploits. May has been keeping me updated about all of your grand adventures around Hoenn. After hearing all that you've been up to, there is something I'd definitely like to share with you.
Welcome back, <var>! You must be tired after all your recent exploits. Brendan has been keeping me updated about all of your grand adventures around Hoenn. After hearing all that you've been up to, there is something I'd definitely like to share with you.
The fact of the matter is that after you resolved that kerfuffle with the super-ancient Pokémon, a number of Pokémon never before recorded in the Hoenn region began to appear all over! Those Pokémon are precisely the subject of my many long years of research... They are Pokémon which are thought to have resided in Hoenn thousands of years ago!
We'll finally be able to meet Pokémon never before seen, the very Pokémon I've pursued all these years! I'm so excited I feel like I'm about to burst! So excited that I went right ahead and upgraded the Pokédex to be ready for all of them!
Now, let me upgrade your Pokédex while you're here!
The National Pokédex has now been added to <var>'s Pokédex!
You'll now find the National Pokédex on your Pokédex's menu, so use it well!
It is being suggested that Hoenn is now more hospitable to Pokémon after that incident in Sootopolis. However, that does not necessarily mean the environment has become any more hospitable to humanity. People, Pokémon, and nature... The balance between these three great ecosystems has shifted greatly. I can't wait for you to start exploring this new world! Exploration may help us learn how best to coexist with Pokémon from this time forward. I hope you will find your own answers to this great question, as you continue your journey with your Pokédex!
