

You know, I sure was surprised that you managed to get here by yourself.
Ah... I see. You're making a good start on your team!
Mm-hmm! Then I guess you're going to become a Trainer like me, <var>? Now that's something to look forward to!
Um... E-excuse me... I...I'd like to get a Pokémon, please...
Hm? Aren't you... You're Wally, right?
Y-yes... I'm supposed to go stay with my relatives in Verdanturf Town for a while. But I thought I might be lonely by myself, so I wanted to bring a Pokémon with me.
But I've never caught a Pokémon by myself... I'm not sure if I can.
Mm-hmm. I see.
<var>! You heard all that, right? You go with Wally, and make sure that he safely catches a Pokémon.
Wally, here. I'll lend you one of my Pokémon.
Wally received Zigzagoon!
Oh, wow... Your Pokémon, sir?
Hmm... I'll give you a Poké Ball, too, so go give it your best!
Wally received a Poké Ball!
Th-thank you, Mr. Norman!
Um...<var>? You will... You will come with me, right?
So did it go well?
Yes, it did! Thank you!
Let me give you back your Pokémon, sir.
And you, <var>... Thank you so much for coming with me.
It was all thanks to you two that I was able to catch Ralts. My very own Ralts... I will always, always treasure it!
...Oh! I know! It's not much of a thank-you, but...um...<var>? Will you let me see your PokéNav Plus for a second?
OK, that and...ummm...there!
Wally updated <var>'s PokéNav Plus! You can now use the PlayNav features on your PokéNav Plus!
I read in a book how you can use the PlayNav to take care of your Pokémon and train them. And there's even supposed to be this thing called the PSS, where you can meet up with other Trainers and battle friends and more! I've wanted to have my own Pokémon for so long...and do all those kinda things together... So I've had all these kinds of apps installed on my PokéNav Plus for ages! Embarrassing, huh?
I'm going to try my best together with Ralts. You do your best, too, <var>!
Oh, but my mom's waiting for me. I've got to get going! I hope we'll meet again, <var>! And you, too, Mr. Norman!
Hmm. That boy will be worth keeping an eye on. But for now...
<var>! If you want to become strong as a Trainer, listen to my advice.
First head for Rustboro City, which lies beyond this town. There you should challenge the Gym Leader, Roxanne.
After her, go on to the other Pokémon Gyms and defeat their Leaders as well. Collect Badges from them, understand?
Of course, I'm a Gym Leader, too. I'm sure we'll battle one day. But that will only be after you've become stronger, <var>.
Hm? Weren't you going to go to the Pokémon Gym in Rustboro?
Sorry, but I don't get pleasure from battling greenhorn Trainers. There's no challenge. I want you to grow much stronger before I would consider taking you on in battle.
Come back when you've got at least, hmm...four Badges! Then I'll take you on, <var>.
I see... So, you've beaten the Gym Leader in Rustboro City.
But there are still many Trainers stronger than you, <var>.
Across the sea in Dewford Town is a Gym Leader named Brawly. You should go challenge him.
Hm... <var>... You've gotten stronger. I can tell by the number of Badges you've earned.





















<var>, be sure you go and visit your mother from time to time.
I'm going to stay here and redouble my training.
It would bother me as a Trainer to not avenge my loss to you, <var>!
<var>! How's your training going?
I'm proud as a parent that you've become the Champion, sondaughter.
Yo, how's it going, Champ-to-be <var>?
The doors in this Gym open when you beat the awaiting Trainers.
Whoops! The doors in this room are already open, so don't attack me! The Trainers of Petalburg Gym use all kinds of items.
The door at the left leads to the Speed Room. The door at the right leads to the Accuracy Room. The room's name will be on the door, so choose carefully.
Once you've chosen the door... Well, hey, go for it!
<var>! Whoa! You've overcome even your own father! Like, whoa! What a stunning turn of events!






































Petalburg City Pokémon Gym
Petalburg City Pokémon Gym Norman's Certified Trainers: Wally, <var>

Hmm? Is that an Eon Ticket you have there? Hm...it's been a good 11 years since I last saw a ticket like this...
The Eon Ticket is awarded to those who have earned the right to tread upon the soil of Southern Island... In short, it is awarded to those who can wield Mega Evolution, thanks to their bonds with their Pokémon.
Hmm. But, <var>, you don't seem to have the skill to handle Mega Evolution yet. Continue to journey across the wide lands and sea of Hoenn, and when you do gain the power to use Mega Evolution, come back here. That is when I will teach about just what the Eon Ticket means.
Mm-hmm! That Mega Bracelet that glitters on your wrist there proves that you are capable of using Mega Evolution. That seals it. Come with me, <var>!
Your meeting Latias is no less than a miracle.
Your meeting Latios is no less than a miracle.
Don't let such a precious gift go to waste. I hope you'll continue this journey of yours, with just as much zeal for Pokémon as you've shown so far.
Still, you must not think that you have reached your peak as a Trainer. It is only after you reach a certain height that the view opens up, and you see how far the road stretches. I want to see you trying to hone yourself and your skills even further. I'll be behind you, <var>.
Petalburg City Pokémon Gym Norman's Certified Trainers: Wally
