Eek! You...!
So you really came... Blast it...
Hrmph! Then I guess I've just got to do it...
No! It's too dangerous, baby!
It's fine, darling! I'll take care of this! You just take this chance to get away!
What are you talking about, baby? I couldn't possibly leave you here! Didn't we make a promise to each other?! We're supposed to survive together!
D-darling...
If we're going to get caught anyway, then let's get caught together! I won't leave you here alone! Whatever punishment awaits us for betraying our teams... We'll face it together!
No need to worry about that.
Y-you!!! But why?!
Team Magma...and Team Aqua both... We've all changed. And all because of this Champion next to me.
Yeah. That's how it is.
You...
No one's going to come chasing after a couple of runaways like you anymore.
Then why... How did you even find us?
I know how you think. And besides... Our leader Maxie came here, too. I could guess he had some reason for that. He never misses a detail, after all. I'm sure he knew the two of you were here.
And our Archie is just the same. He's testing himself against the fine Trainers at the Battle Maison, taking a good hard look at who he is. I don't think he's bothered at all about some runaway like you.
So that's how it is, huh?
You know. To be honest, I came here to bring you back with me, but looks like maybe I shouldn't have bothered. Just...take good care of her, you hear?
You mean...
Well, wonders never cease. To think that little Miss Magma and I would arrive at the same conclusion... But that's how it is, so... Yeah. You're free. Be as happy as you can be with that fellow of yours.
Y-you busybody... You bet I will...
I'm sorry. I'm a bit overwhelmed by all this. Could you come back a little later?
Look, sorry, but... My mind's still whirling. Can we do this later?
We've been awaiting you, Champion!
You sure kept us waiting, Champ.
We spent a long time thinking things through after what happened last time. And in the end...we both decided that we should go back to our own teams.
Team Aqua and Team Magma... We've decided to each go back to our own teams... And we were thinking maybe we could help mediate things between them.
Even a couple of Grunts like us have managed to find a way to understand one another. It seems like there has to be a way for everyone to recognize one another and move forward.
But we were only able to dream of something like that because both teams have changed already... And I think that's all thanks to what you've done.
And so that is why we hoped to ask you for a favor, Champion.
That's right. It's something we could only ask you to do.
I want you to take my Camerupt. Will you accept it from a Team Magma Grunt like me?
I raised this Camerupt because I looked up to Maxie so much. But now I want to leave its future in your hands instead.
You don't have any room in your party now. Please come back when you do...
Thank you very much. Please take good care of Camerupt. It loves to run more than anything, so I hope you'll play with it a whole lot...
Please. I beg you to reconsider. I won't leave this place until you change your mind and accept it.
I want you to take my Sharpedo. Will you take a Pokémon from a Team Aqua Grunt like me?
I chose to raise this Sharpedo because Archie was my idol. But now I think I'd rather leave its future in your hands instead.
Your party's full right now. Come back when you've got space.
Thanks for this. I'll leave Sharpedo in your care. Riding around on this fella's back while surfing... It's the best.
Please! I'm begging here! And I'm not going to move from this spot till you change your mind!
Leaving Camerupt with you was my way of cutting ties with the past. From now on, I'm going to do my best for a new Team Magma—with my baby!
I'm leaving Sharpedo with you so I can close the book on that part of my past. From now on, I'm going to do my best to make a new Team Aqua—with my darling.
You received Camerupt!
You received Sharpedo!
Would you like to give a nickname to Camerupt?
Would you like to give a nickname to Sharpedo?


