Hello! I'm traveling around the Hoenn region by Bike.
Hello! I'm traveling around the Hoenn region by Bike. Do you have a Bike, too? ... Wow! That's a Rydel Bike! It looks very cool. Maybe I should buy one, too.
I was thinking about getting a new Bike.



















I may not look it, but I'm very confident of my skills in Pokémon battles. My favorite type, of course, is Grass. Now, battle me!
All right! I'll go all out!
Oh, that's too bad... If you change your mind, come back, OK?
I lost, but I had a blast! Let's battle again sometime.
The blue sea and the white beach... What a lovely place! I'd love my Fairy-type Pokémon to go wild to their heart's content. Would you care to help me?
I appreciate it. Now, please brace yourself.
My Fairy-type Pokémon said they were very disappointed.
It's regrettable that we lost... But the rippling waves here will wash away such a feeling.
Hah...hah... Ugh... What a stifling place. This is just the time for a cool victory in Pokémon battle to refresh me! I'm a Poison-type expert. Why don't you have a thrilling battle with me?
Hehehe. Fall victim to my dearest Poison-type Pokémon!
Humph! I'm ready anytime. I'll be waiting.
I can't believe... My Poison-type Pokémon lost... We...we won't lose next time!
Hello! Would you like to change the music and enjoy a different atmosphere?
Did you like it? If you want to change the music again, let me know!
Acknowledged. I can change the music anytime, so whenever you feel like it, let me know.
This is the Battle Resort. It's a paradise of Trainers: by Trainers and for Trainers.



Ugh...
...You. I want to ask you something. Where...where am I?
Battle...Resort? It's a battle place, yet also a...resort? I...don't...get it.
Hoenn...?
Hey! What happened to you? You're absolutely soaked to the skin! Even in a tropical place like Hoenn, if you are soaked like that, you'll catch cold!
Ah...yeah...
Oh, boy. I guess I have no other choice... Come to my cottage.
Hoenn region
Battle Resort
Only strong Trainers or wealthy people can come to this place. Either way, this is the place for a selected few.
Have you heard a rumor about the running prince with green hair? They say he appears on the beach around here early in the morning or late at night and runs around the beach many times holding a lot of Pokémon Eggs. According to the rumor, he's a thin, cute, and good-looking young man!
I reeeeally wanted to see the battles in the Battle Maison live. So, I begged and begged my daddy to take me here.
Have you heard a rumor about the battle-maniac prince with green hair? I heard he's very good looking, and my friend tried to get his attention. But he's very into battles, and all he talked about was something like base stats, type matchups, and so on.
Battle Chatelaines are here visiting from the Kalos region now. They used to live in Hoenn, so it's like visiting home for them. I hear the Battle Maison started in a shack that was around here.
I'm old and have been retired from training for quite some time now, but watching battles in the Battle Maison still makes my heart pound.


There are people who are itching to battle on this beach, too.
The other day, when I was swimming, I suddenly heard a splash. Something fell into the water. But there was nothing around me, no ship, no flying Pokémon, nothing. Just the vast spread of the sea... I wonder what it was...
Wow... Incredible...
Hmmm?
You two... You don't look like spectators. You must be Trainers who came here for a challenge, correct?
Challenge?
You see, people who come to the Battle Resort are divided into two types! Those who come to see battles, and those who come to battle!
Oh, is that right? But where can we battle?
What? You don't know the Battle Maison?!
No, I don't...
Oh my... All right. It's better to have you experience it rather than me explaining it in words! Make sure you visit the Battle Maison that's up on top of this island's main hill!
Thank you very much. We will be sure to do that!
All right, then. I'm leaving now. Good luck, you two!
The Battle Maison...
I'm curious about what kind of place it is, but I think I'll take a look around the island first. I've never been so far from home before, and I've never visited anything like a resort!
So I'll be off exploring, <var>. But I'll see you later!
I hope we can battle again, here in this resort!
Pokémon Day Care Annex We can also raise your Pokémon here.
This place is full of strong Trainers— perfect for training! I'll gain a lot of experience here and enter the Pokémon World Championships. That's my dream!
To survive in battles here, it's not enough to gain strength in the ordinary ways. But there's Super Training! It's an effective method of making your Pokémon stronger.
I'm very careful about selecting the moves to teach my Pokémon. Of course, my favorite move is Hidden Power. It's an obvious choice for experts like me.
Thanks to my dad's Garchomp, I was able to achieve 20 consecutive wins. ♪
It's one thing to enjoy leisurely battles, but real battles can be a severe trial. Truly strong Trainers sometimes must be prepared to choose Pokémon that can win rather than their favorite Pokémon.
Society tends to expect that a man's value is determined by his looks or income, right? My take is that a man's value is determined by how strong he is in Pokémon battles! This place is filled with Trainers who are good looking AND strong. Perfect! ♪
Good reply! Nice attitude! All right. I'll give this to each of you!
It's a Vs. Recorder! You can record battles with friends and battles at the Battle Maison. It's a must-have item for a Trainer!
That sounds amazing... Are you sure I can have one?
No need to hesitate. Once you reach this place, you are our enemies and rivals! Showing generosity to one's enemies is the obligation of the strong.
Thank you very much!
