No Battle Videos have been recorded yet. You can record Battle Videos in Link Battles and other types of battles.
Do you want to delete this Battle Video?
Deleting the Battle Video... Don't turn off the power.
The Battle Video has been deleted.
Checking the server... Don't turn off the power.
Do you want to remove this Battle Video from public view?
The Battle Video has been removed from public view.
The Battle Video couldn't be found.
This Battle Video can't be played.
After you make a Battle Video public, you won't be able to withdraw it until the next day. Do you want to make this Battle Video public on the Internet?
The Battle Video has been made public on the Internet.
This Battle Video cannot be made public.
Which Trainer would you like to have a mock battle against?
Which group of Pokémon would you like to use in your mock battle?
You don't have enough Pokémon for a mock battle!
Do you want to start a mock battle?
Sending the Battle Video... Don't turn off the power.
Removing it from public viewing... Don't turn off the power.
Please choose a Battle Video you want to make public.
Preparing to play the Battle Video...
This Battle Video can't be withdrawn until tomorrow.
You cannot attempt a mock battle using the Battle Video from a Multi Battle.
Thank you for using the Vs. Recorder. Connect to the Internet via the PSS and use the Vs. Recorder, and you can upload the Battle Video you recorded. Give your friends the code for your uploaded Battle Video, and they can download the Battle Video from the Internet and watch it. Have fun using the Vs. Recorder and sharing Battle Videos!
Searching for the Battle Video...
Played:

Checking the SD Card. Please don't turn off the power.
Corrupted Battle Videos have been deleted.
Search by code
<var>/<var>

In Party
Battle Box
Quit
<var>
Registered
<var>/<var>/<var>
Played:
<var>
No. <var>

Inverse Battle
Single Battle
Double Battle
Triple Battle
Rotation Battle
Multi Battle

Link Battle
Battle Maison
Super Single Battle
Super Double Battle
Super Triple Battle
Super Rotation Battle
Super Multi Battle
Battle Spot
Free Battle
Rating Battle
Special Battle
Communication error. Please start again from the beginning.

