Battle Spot
Free Battle
Rating Battle
Single
Double
Triple
Rotation
Special
Online Competition
This is the place to enjoy Link Battles with people all over the world. If communication is interrupted during a battle, it will be recorded as a loss for you. Playing somewhere that has a good connection is highly recommended.
You can freely participate in Free Battles. To participate in Rating Battles, please register at the Pokémon Global Link. http://www.pokemon-gl.com
All Pokémon can participate in Free Battles. Your party must not contain duplicate Pokémon or duplicate held items.
Special Pokémon cannot participate in Rating Battles. Your party must not contain duplicate Pokémon or duplicate held items. Special Battles are battles with different regulations for each season.
To participate in Online Competitions, you need to register at the Pokémon Global Link. Please check the Pokémon Global Link website for info about competitions and regulations: http://www.pokemon-gl.com
Welcome to the Battle Spot! Please choose a mode.

This is the Random Matchup mode. Which battle would you like to challenge?
You're going to challenge a Free Battle! Which battle format would you like?
You're going to challenge a Rating Battle! Which battle format would you like?
Which group of Pokémon will you choose?
This will be your Pokémon team. Are you ready to battle?
Communicating... Please wait.
Searching for an opposing Trainer... Please wait.
An opposing Trainer has been found! The battle will begin soon.
Do you want to continue battling?
An opposing Trainer could not be found.
Please wait a bit and try again.
Welcome to the Online Competition!
To participate in Rating Battles, you need to register at the Pokémon Global Link. http://www.pokemon-gl.com
Communication error. Please start again from the beginning.
It will take some time for the results to be updated. You can check the results in the Pokémon Global Link, too. Do you want to continue battling?
You cannot battle with your locked Battle Box.
Random Matchup
Online Competition
Quit


Free Battle
Rating Battle
Single
Double
Triple
Rotation
Special
Back
Battle Box
In Party
Challenge
YES
NO
Your Results
Rating:
No. of Battles:
Wins:
Losses:
<var>
<var>

Rating:
<var>



Pokémon Eggs cannot participate.
There is at least one Pokémon that is not able to participate. Please check the Pokémon Global Link http://www.pokemon-gl.com for details.
There are at least two Pokémon with the same held item.
There are at least two Pokémon of the same kind.
You don't have enough Pokémon.
You have too many Pokémon to participate.
There is at least one Pokémon with a banned held item.
There is at least one Pokémon with a banned move.
At least one of the Pokémon required to participate is missing.
The number of special Pokémon you have exceeds the limit.
There is a problem with your participating Pokémon.
L
<var>
♂
♀

The season ended.
You need to register your system information in order to participate in a Rating Battle. Do you want to register this system?
Registering your system...
Completed registering this system. Please note that participating in a Rating Battle with a different system will reset your results.
You're trying to participate with a different system. Your past results will be reset. Are you really OK with resetting your results?
Resetting the results and registering your system...
Your results have been reset, and the system has been registered.
Checking the SD Card. Please don't turn off the power.
The regulations have been updated.
The regulations data is corrupted. Please start again.
The regulations data that was corrupted has been restored.
The regulations data cannot be saved, because the SD Card is full.
After Rating Battles, Battle Videos may be automatically uploaded and sent to the server. Battle Videos sent to the server will be saved at the Pokémon Global Link. Note that you can join in Rating Battles even if you don't approve automatic transmission of your Battle Videos.
Do you approve the automatic transmission of your Battle Videos?
Yes
No
Participate
Battle
Digital Player ID
Previous Competition
Cancel Participation
Back
Competition Information
Register
Quit
Current competition
Previous competition
You canceled participation.
You cannot participate in this competition.
Checking the status of the competition.
To participate in the competition, please register at the Pokémon Global Link. http://www.pokemon-gl.com
There's no competition you can currently participate in.
The competition in which you were participating has ended.
The competition in which you were participating has ended. Your Battle Box has been unregistered.
Downloading the Digital Player ID...
The Digital Player ID has been downloaded.
Do you wish to register your Battle Box for the competition?
Your Battle Box is locked, and Game Sync is complete.
You canceled your participation in this competition.
Battles in this competition haven't started yet. Please check the Pokémon Global Link for the competition dates. http://www.pokemon-gl.com
The system is different from the one you used to register for the competition. Please check your system.
You cannot battle right now. Please check the Pokémon Global Link to find out when you can battle: http://www.pokemon-gl.com
Sorry. You have participated in the maximum number of battles for the day. You cannot battle anymore today.
Will you unregister from <var>?
You won't participate in <var>. Are you sure about this?
Your participation has been canceled, and your Battle Box has been unlocked.
You cannot participate in the competition. Please check the Pokémon Global Link: http://www.pokemon-gl.com
No. of Battles
Registered Battle Box
Register participating Pokémon before the first battle.
You released your Battle Box from registration.
The Internet browser failed to start. Go to System Settings and update your system.
Do you want to use the Internet browser to check for information on the competition?
