

Habitat Unknown
Where will you Fly to?
Fly
Want to Fly to <var>?
Yes
No
You have no Pokémon in your party that know Fly.
You cannot use that move here.
View Details
Town Map
Pokémon Distribution
Trainer's Eye
Secret Bases
Berry Trees
<var>
<var>
<var>
Strategy
Favorite Pokémon
Trainer Message
SELECT/START Hide Info
Battle Ready!
I'll be gentle.
Fragrant Grass types.
Pleasant smells are good for your spirit and your health!
Overwhelm with power!
Craggy Rock-type Pokémon.
I'll travel the four corners of the world in search of ancient lore and romance!
I'm going to try hard!
Pokémon that are strong swimmers.
I wish I could swim without an inner tube...
I don't really know, but I'll try hard.
Water-type Pokémon are my friends!
It's not like I can't swim! I just happen to like my inner tube!
We each take a different role!
We like friendly Pokémon!
We enjoy our Pokémon together as siblings!
Exploit the opponent's weakness.
Balance is crucial.
My goal is to become the Champion. I won't ever give up!
Upset the opponent.
I use anything. Type doesn't matter.
I'll have you know I'm a top student at the Trainers' School.
Slow, steady suffering.
Ones you'd be afraid to meet at night.
I see things that no one else seems to see...
Anything to win, right?
The gorgeous type!
I have a pool at home that is just for my Pokémon's use.
I'll lead you astray.
Cute ones, of course.
I love the Safari Zone! I always seem to end up there!
Strategy? Who needs it?
I've spent tons of money on training it!
Rich me sleeps in a bed of Pokémon.
I'll pin you down with power...
It took me all night to catch it...
Big, burly, and buff Pokémon are the best for me...
Ram the opponent at full speed!
Funky Water types!
If I can't be out swimming, then you'll find me pumping iron!
Grand slam pummeling!
Fighting types.
Not to brag, but I can bust through 10 bricks with my fists!
I'll electrify you!
They'll show you electricity's power!
I want to make people cry with the melody of my heart.
Burn it all down!
Pokémon that'll leave a burn!
When you light a campfire, remember to have some water at the ready.
Hang in there and be tenacious!
I'll raise any Pokémon.
Pokémon raised out in the wild will become strong! You'll see!
Our love lets us prevail.
We've had them for years.
Married 50 years—we've had plenty of experience raising Pokémon together!
Attack in waves!
Bug-type Pokémon are cool.
I go into the forest every day to catch more Bug-type Pokémon...
Daze and confuse!
Ones with weird powers.
I can see through everything you're thinking.
Battle at full power.
Pokémon of many mysteries.
When we "spoke," I was using my telepathy to communicate with you.
Calm and collected.
Pokémon of distinction.
We enjoy a pot of tea every afternoon with fine leaves we got from overseas.
I use my head to battle.
I love any kind of Pokémon!
My daddy gives me spending money if I get good marks on my tests!
My knowledge rules!
Any smart Pokémon!
I want to be a Pokémon researcher in the future.
We talk it over together first.
Pokémon that we both like.
We are in different grades, but we're teammates in our Pokémon Club!
Go for it, my dears!
I have no likes or dislikes.
I always squeeze in a little battle while shopping for the night's dinner plans.
I battle with love!
Pokémon raised with love!
It's important to build a relationship of trust with your Pokémon.
I can see through your moves!
Witness the essence of Fighting types!
I'm not ready to give way to some young upstart just yet!
Attack while defending.
They be Fighting types.
Being old, I have my own way of fighting, don't you know.
I do what I can!
I use different types.
I'm going to keep working hard until I can beat the Gym Leader!
I battle patiently.
I use Water-type Pokémon to battle!
I'm the world's only guy to catch a Pokémon THAT big with a fishing rod.
Defense is crucial.
My Pokémon are solid.
I began this as a way to lose weight, but it's so fun that I got sucked in.
Never let up on the pressure!
They'll show you the strength of Steel.
If you're sweating, be sure you stay hydrated by drinking plenty.
Exploit the environment!
All hail the Water type!
I won't be beaten by any beach-bum Swimmer!
All-out offensive!
Water Pokémon rule!
I must swim over six miles every day!
Speed above all!
I use speedy Pokémon.
A marathon is a challenge against your own self.
Strike before being struck!
Fast-running Pokémon!
If you ran and ran, you'd become one with the wind.
It's about Pokémon power!
See the power of Dragons!
Someday, I'll be as epic as the most epic Trainer ever!
I'll show you my technique!
Elegantly wheeling bird Pokémon.
My bird Pokémon, show my love to that girl on your soaring wings!
You'll suffer from poison!
Poisonous Pokémon.
I undertake training so that I can become a ninja.
The first strike wins!
Speedy Fighting types.
If my Pokémon lose, I'll carry on the fight myself!
Go, go, my Pokémon!
I'll raise anything.
UV rays are your skin's enemy. Get protected.
No mercy!
Cute Water-type Pokémon.
I have so many fans that it's a pain. I was even interviewed on TV!
I think about this and that.
I like all Pokémon.
What do you think lies beyond that hill yonder?
We battle together!
We train them together!
We like the same kinds of Pokémon, but not the same kinds of dessert.
I force my way through with power!
Water and Fighting types.
Sailors are rough spirits! Any complaints?!
Protecting my Pokémon from harm.
I love rare Pokémon.
I want to collect all the world's rare Pokémon.
I count on power.
My Pokémon are my children.
It takes knowledge and love to raise Pokémon well.
Full-on attack!
Anything—I'll raise it.
I give lots of Pokéblocks so we can go after those Contest Spectacular titles!
I believe in my Pokémon.
I like strong Pokémon.
I'm doing drills with my Pokémon to prepare for any emergency.
I attack in waves.
I used different types to battle.
Those who destroy nature must never be forgiven!
I'll show you some guts!
Cute Pokémon are my faves!
After a battle, I always soak in the bath with my Pokémon.
Lightning-fast attacks!
Bug-type Pokémon are number one!
If you want to catch Bug Pokémon, you had better wake up early.
I battle with power.
Hard-bodied Pokémon!
I started planning for today's hike a whole month ago.
Lovey-dovey strategy!
Lovey-dovey Pokémon!
We're lovey-dovey! We'll be lovey-dovey forever!
We put everything we have into it!
The first Pokémon I ever caught.
My Pokémon and I have grown stronger together.
Attacking with Rock-type power!
Rock-solid types are good.
I want to learn all about Pokémon through battle.
Direct physical action!
Fighting Pokémon rule!
The world awaits me as the next big wave in training!
I choose to electrify.
Get shocked by electricity!
Wahahaha! The secret to good health is being willing to laugh!
Battling aggressively.
They burn with passion's flames!
You can wash away your daily fatigue with a nice soak in the hot springs!
I flexibly adapt my style.
Those grown in a balanced manner.
I've chosen to dedicate my life to Pokémon, but the road is hard...
I get my advantage through speed.
Those that dance gracefully in the sky.
I can see the patterns hidden in the way the wind blows.
We battle in cooperation!
Pokémon that are always friendly!
We can read each others' minds—and the minds of our opponents, too.
With dignity and respect.
I prefer Pokémon of grace.
Aquatic illusions best suit my distinctive sense of elegance.
The best defense is a good offense!
The aesthetics of the Dark side!
You can talk all you want—all that matters is how strong I am, right?
Confuse and confound opponents.
It's hard to pin them down.
I wonder how my grandma is doing at Mt. Pyre.
I make use of items to assist in battle.
Flaming passion in icy cold!
The Ice type can be trained to greater levels because of the heat here.
Harnessing the strongest stats.
The latent power of Dragon types!
I battle every day to understand and be understood by my Pokémon.
Strike enemies where they're weakest!
The ultimate Steel-type Pokémon.
When it comes down to it, I'm just the strongest there is right now.
You've just got to have a feeling for it.
I love them all!
I want to make some memories. That's why I want you to battle me.
I leave that up to my Pokémon.
Fairy types, I guess.
I love Pokémon. It's people I'm no good with.
I just let myself go with the flow.
Pokémon that know Surf.
I'm a Trainer who likes to splash about drifting in the troughs between waves.
A stable kind of battling.
Large Pokémon that I can ride on.
I get "surfsick" real easy, but even when feeling bad, I'm not too shabby.
Start small and build on it!
Popular Pokémon!
We're a Brains & Brawn kinda combo!
Fairies and Ghosts.
It's a secret.
Our sisterly bonds cannot be broken.
We make an exquisite combination.
Anything is fine as long as it's strong.
Strongest combination? Right here!
I never let up with the pressure.
I like cool ones, y'know.
Y'know, it really hurts when people say I look scary...
Like I care about that.
C-cute ones!
I, like, seriously go all out. So you'd better, like, seriously be ready.
I attack like a forceful, crashing wave.
I guess it'll have to be Clamperl.
I'm always deep in the ocean waters, but please do come and visit me.
It's all about endurance!
Relicanth is cute, isn't it?
Drifting in the water is as comfy to me as lying in a soft bed.
<var>'s Secret Base
???'s Secret Base
<var>
Basking amid vibrant nature, this simple town is not shaded with any one hue.
A town where the contrast between colorful flowers and deep, verdant forests is most beautiful.
New trends are always the rage among the inhabitants of this small island town.
A popular spot in the Hoenn region, thanks to its hot springs, said to cure any ailment.
A town formed by scholars who gather to research meteorites.
Thanks to the prevailing wind pattern, this town is always kept clear of falling volcanic ash.
This town first came into being as a floating storehouse used by people living on the ocean's surface.
A whiff of salt is always in the air in this city, which is skirted by the ocean shore.
People from many different regions gather and mingle in this bustling port city.
This large city is located in the heart of the Hoenn region, at the crossroads of its nostalgic past and new technology.
This city is the main hub of industry in the Hoenn region, with the Devon Corporation as its beating heart.
The people and the Pokémon of this city follow nature's cues to rise each morning and end each day.
This tourist destination is undergoing a revival, thanks to the popularity of its Pokémon Contest Spectaculars.
Research is underway day and night in this city, all in the hope of understanding the distant reaches of space.
This city, which rises from the crater of a great meteoroid crash, can only be reached through the sea or from the sky.
This city is blanketed in a profusion of colorful blooms. It plays host to the grand Pokémon League.
A revered site that can only be visited by those Trainers who have dominated every last Pokémon Gym.
This grassy path running between Littleroot Town and Oldale Town is perfect for doing fieldwork.
Many Trainers gather on this route in the hope of encountering Pokémon in the wild.
On weekends and holidays, fishing enthusiasts flock to every section of coastline on this seaside route.
This path, rich with water and colorful plant life, runs north and south of Petalburg Woods.

This water route boasts gentle currents, which makes it safe even for poor swimmers to bask in.
This is the site of serious battles between the Fishermen of the seaside area and the wild Pokémon of the seas.
The local children of Dewford Town practice long-distance swimming in the waters of this aquatic route.
People come swimming from as far away as the Kalos region to see the site of Sea Mauville.
People and Pokémon alike enjoy ocean swims in this water route.
A timeworn path where nature remains untouched. Above it on this route stretches the huge Cycling Road.

This expansive route includes a desert where sandstorms rage unceasingly and a mountain pass.


This route is popular among Trainers because it offers the chance to stroll while gazing up at Mt. Chimney.

The tall grass on this route is painted a dusty gray by the volcanic ash that pours from Mt. Chimney.
This mountain path to Meteor Falls is so long and arduous that even Hikers have difficulty tackling it.
This trail to Rustboro City was broken by people who lived at Meteor Falls long ago.
A path that many workers take on their daily commute between Rustboro City and the Rusturf Tunnel.
A path where many Trainers gather to raise their Pokémon and train them for battle.
This seaside route brings together the east and west sides of the Hoenn region.
If you are not prepared for it, the harsh conditions of this tropical rain forest will defeat you in less than five minutes.

Pokémon that can camouflage themselves hide in the rich wilds along this route.

This road leads to both the Safari Zone and Mt. Pyre. Many people set out along this route from Lilycove City.
People make their way to Mt. Pyre over this water route, reliving many precious memories as they traverse it.
This route offers a convenient path back to Mauville City from Mt. Pyre, but be aware that it is a one-way road.
This great stretch of ocean connects the cities of Lilycove, Mossdeep, and Sootopolis.
Small children are allowed to play in the waters of this sea route as far as Shoal Cave—but no further!
Even a pro swimmer would need three entire days to swim a circuit around the crater containing Sootopolis City.
With no place to stop and rest in these waters, it is very hard for a swimmer to make it across this route.
The ocean floor beneath this water route is rumored to contain an undiscovered ruin.
Many Pokémon Trainers visit this route to train their Pokémon before challenging the Pokémon League.
This route was once a big topic of conversation due to a strange island that seemed to appear and then disappear.
It is the custom in Pacifidlog Town to swim a lap around this route before breakfast.
The children in Pacifidlog Town are said to be such strong swimmers that they frolic and play in these fierce currents.
Trainers gather in this stretch of sea in search of something beyond its fierce currents.
This route is rather a famous diving spot among those who love exploring ancient ruins.
This amusement area provides a rich environment in which to catch many different kinds of Pokémon.
This waterfall is said to have been the site of a meteor shower. An ancient people once made their home here.
This stone tunnel links together Rustboro and Verdanturf. Its name was chosen as a mixture of the two.
This cavern is famous for its cave art, which depicts events from thousands of years ago.
This dense forest, with its abundance of trees, is well known to be a favorite habitat for Shroomish.
This volcano towers to a height of nearly 5,000 feet. The view from its peak is beyond compare.
This mountain route is the result of a volcanic eruption in ages long past. It can only be traversed on an Acro Bike.
The Pokémon that live in this area like to use the steam that erupts from the ground as a sort of bath.
The mountain is where the spirits of Pokémon have rested and will always rest: past, present, and future.
It is said that a Pokémon once dwelled here in the ancient mists of a time long lost.
A long-sleeping Pokémon will descend upon this cavern in order to awaken its true powers.
This challenging path forces Trainers who hope to overcome the Pokémon League to first surpass their own limits.
This cave's appearance changes greatly between high tide and low tide.
Though it was planned to be a subterranean city extending 69 floors underground, this project died in development.
A facility that was decommissioned dozens of years ago. It is now maintained as a natural preserve.
This tower was created for the veneration of a Legendary Pokémon that lives far above in the heavens.
(Unused)
This grand resort was built with the aim of allowing Trainers to enjoy every kind of Pokémon battle.
This small island is surrounded by a mysterious veil that makes approach impossible for mere humans.
There is a large tree on this little island that would be ideal for making a Secret Base.
There are many small caves along this shore that would be ideal for making Secret Bases.
There are many small caves in this meadow that would be ideal for making Secret Bases.
（未使用）
Pokémon Center
Name Rater
Move Reminder
Move Deleter
Move Tutor
Contest Spectacular Hall
Poké Mart
Harbor
Cable Car Base Station
Rustboro City Gym
Devon Corporation
Trainers' School
Dewford Town Gym
Dewford Hall
Mauville City Gym
Mauville Food Court
TV Mauville
Inverse Battle Stop
Rydel's Cycles
Lavaridge Town Gym
Pokémon Herb Shop
Petalburg City Gym
Fortree City Gym
Secret Base Guild
Mossdeep City Gym
Mossdeep Space Center
Sootopolis City Gym
Cave of Origin
Lilycove Department Store
Lilycove Museum
Trainer Fan Club
Cove Lily Motel
Battle Maison
Pokémon Lab
Pretty Petal Flower Shop
Mr. Briney's Cottage
Oceanic Museum
Stern's Shipyard
Pokémon Fan Club
Slateport Market
Seashore House
Trick House
Cycling Road
Pokémon Day Care
The Winstrate House
Glass Workshop
Cozmo's Lab
Berry Master's House
Treasure Hunter's House
It has been <var> days, <var> hours, and <var> minutes since a Berry was planted on this site.
