-
The stench may cause the target to flinch.
The Pokémon makes it rain when it enters a battle.
Its Speed stat is gradually boosted.
Protects the Pokémon from critical hits.
It cannot be knocked out with one hit.
Prevents the use of self-destructing moves.
Protects the Pokémon from paralysis.
Boosts the Pokémon's evasion in a sandstorm.
Contact with the Pokémon may cause paralysis.
Restores HP if hit by an Electric-type move.
Restores HP if hit by a Water-type move.
Keeps the Pokémon from being infatuated or falling for taunts.
Eliminates the effects of weather.
Boosts the Pokémon's accuracy.
Prevents the Pokémon from falling asleep.
The Pokémon's type becomes the type of the move used on it.
Prevents the Pokémon from getting poisoned.
Powers up the Pokémon's Fire-type moves if it's hit by one.
Blocks the additional effects of attacks taken.
Prevents the Pokémon from becoming confused.
Negates all moves and items that force switching out.
Lowers the opposing Pokémon's Attack stat.
Prevents opposing Pokémon from escaping.
Inflicts damage to the attacker on contact.
Only supereffective moves will hit.
Gives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.
Contact may poison or cause paralysis or sleep.
Passes poison, paralyze, or burn to the Pokémon that inflicted it.
Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
All status conditions heal when the Pokémon switches out.
Draws in all Electric-type moves to boost its Sp. Atk stat.
Boosts the likelihood of additional effects occurring.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in rain.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in sunshine.
Raises the likelihood of meeting wild Pokémon.
The Pokémon copies an opposing Pokémon's Ability.
Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Contact with the Pokémon may poison the attacker.
Protects the Pokémon from flinching.
Prevents the Pokémon from becoming frozen.
Prevents the Pokémon from getting a burn.
Prevents Steel-type Pokémon from escaping.
Gives full immunity to all sound-based moves.
The Pokémon gradually regains HP in rain.
The Pokémon summons a sandstorm in battle.
The Pokémon raises opposing Pokémon's PP usage.
Boosts resistance to Fire- and Ice-type moves.
The Pokémon awakens quickly from sleep.
Contact with the Pokémon may burn the attacker.
Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokémon.
Prevents other Pokémon from lowering accuracy.
Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its Attack stat.
The Pokémon may pick up items.
The Pokémon can't attack on consecutive turns.
Boosts the Attack stat, but lowers accuracy.
Contact with the Pokémon may cause infatuation.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat if another Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat if another Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Castform transforms with the weather.
Protects the Pokémon from item theft.
The Pokémon may heal its own status conditions.
Boosts the Attack stat if the Pokémon has a status condition.
Boosts the Defense stat if the Pokémon has a status condition.
Damages attackers using any draining move.
Powers up Grass-type moves when the Pokémon is in trouble.
Powers up Fire-type moves when the Pokémon is in trouble.
Powers up Water-type moves when the Pokémon is in trouble.
Powers up Bug-type moves when the Pokémon is in trouble.
Protects the Pokémon from recoil damage.
Turns the sunlight harsh when the Pokémon enters a battle.
Prevents opposing Pokémon from fleeing.
Prevents the Pokémon from falling asleep.
Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Protects the Pokémon from critical hits.
Eliminates the effects of weather.
Raises evasion if the Pokémon is confused.
Boosts the Speed stat when it's hit by an Electric-type move.
Deals more damage to Pokémon of the same gender.
Boosts the Speed stat each time the Pokémon flinches.
Boosts evasion in a hailstorm.
Makes the Pokémon use a held Berry earlier than usual.
Maxes the Attack stat after the Pokémon takes a critical hit.
Boosts the Speed stat if its held item is used or lost.
Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
The Pokémon is prone to wild stat changes.
Reduces HP if it's hot. Water restores HP.
Adjusts power based on an opposing Pokémon's stats.
Powers up punching moves.
Restores HP if the Pokémon is poisoned.
Powers up moves of the same type as the Pokémon.
Increases the number of times multi-strike moves hit.
Heals status conditions if it's raining.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat in sunny weather, but HP decreases.
Boosts the Speed stat if the Pokémon has a status condition.
All the Pokémon's moves become Normal type.
Powers up moves if they become critical hits.
The Pokémon only takes damage from attacks.
Ensures that attacks by or against the Pokémon will land.
The Pokémon moves after all other Pokémon do.
Powers up the Pokémon's weaker moves.
Prevents status conditions in sunny weather.
The Pokémon can't use any held items.
Moves can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
Boosts the critical-hit ratios of moves.
Damages the attacker landing the finishing hit.
Senses an opposing Pokémon's dangerous moves.
Determines what moves an opposing Pokémon has.
Ignores the opposing Pokémon's stat changes.
Powers up "not very effective" moves.
Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
Temporarily halves the Pokémon's Attack and Speed stats.
Makes Normal- and Fighting-type moves hit Ghost-type Pokémon.
Draws in all Water-type moves to boost its Sp. Atk stat.
The Pokémon gradually regains HP in a hailstorm.
Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
The Pokémon summons a hailstorm when it enters a battle.
The Pokémon may gather Honey from somewhere.
The Pokémon can check an opposing Pokémon's held item.
Powers up moves that have recoil damage.
Changes the Pokémon's type to match the Plate it holds.
Powers up party Pokémon when it is sunny.
Reduces the HP of sleeping opposing Pokémon.
Steals an item from an attacker that made direct contact.
Removes additional effects to increase move damage.
Makes stat changes have an opposite effect.
Unnerves opposing Pokémon and makes them unable to eat Berries.
Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat when its stats are lowered.
Lowers stats when HP becomes half or less.
May disable a move used on the Pokémon.
Sometimes heals an ally's status condition.
Reduces damage done to allies.
Physical attacks lower its Defense stat and raise its Speed stat.
Doubles the Pokémon's weight.
Halves the Pokémon's weight.
Reduces the damage taken by the Pokémon when its HP is full.
Powers up physical attacks when the Pokémon is poisoned.
Powers up special attacks when the Pokémon is burned.
May create another Berry after one is used.
Anticipates an ally's attack and dodges it.
Raises one stat and lowers another.
Protects the Pokémon from things like sand, hail, and powder.
May poison a target when the Pokémon makes contact.
Restores a little HP when withdrawn from battle.
Protects the Pokémon from Defense-lowering attacks.
Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in a sandstorm.
Makes status moves more likely to miss.
Boosts move power when the Pokémon moves after the target.
Comes out disguised as the Pokémon in the party's last spot.
The Pokémon transforms itself into the Pokémon it's facing.
Passes through the opposing Pokémon's barrier and strikes.
Contact with the Pokémon spreads this Ability.
Boosts the Attack stat after knocking out any Pokémon.
Boosts the Attack stat when it's hit by a Dark-type move.
Some move types scare it and boost its Speed stat.
Reflects status moves.
Boosts the Attack stat when hit by a Grass-type move.
Gives priority to a status move.
Boosts certain moves' power in a sandstorm.
Inflicts damage to the attacker on contact.
Changes the Pokémon's shape when HP is half or less.
Boosts the accuracy of its allies and itself.
Moves can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
Moves can be used on the target regardless of its Abilities.
Protects allies from attacks that limit their move choices.
Prevents lowering of ally Grass-type Pokémon's stats.
Restores HP as well when the Pokémon eats a Berry.
Changes the Pokémon's type to the type of the move it's using.
Halves damage from physical moves.
The Pokémon steals the held item of a Pokémon it hits with a move.
Protects the Pokémon from some ball and bomb moves.
Boosts the Sp. Atk stat when a stat is lowered.
The Pokémon's strong jaw gives it tremendous biting power.
Normal-type moves become Ice-type moves.
Prevents itself and ally Pokémon from falling asleep.
The Pokémon changes form depending on how it battles.
Gives priority to Flying-type moves.
Powers up aura and pulse moves.
Boosts the Defense stat in Grassy Terrain.
The Pokémon can pass an item to an ally.
Powers up moves that make direct contact.
Normal-type moves become Fairy-type moves.
Contact with the Pokémon lowers the attacker's Speed stat.
Normal-type moves become Flying-type moves.
Parent and child attack together.
Powers up each Pokémon's Dark-type moves.
Powers up each Pokémon's Fairy-type moves.
The effects of "Aura" Abilities are reversed.
Affects weather and nullifies any Fire-type attacks.
Affects weather and nullifies any Water-type attacks.
Affects weather and eliminates all of the Flying type's weaknesses.
