Find a Secret Base
Share a Secret Base
Your Message
Save to SD Card
You can scan QR Code patterns to load other players' Secret Bases. When you scan a QR Code, you will load the layout for another player's Secret Base and the brief message they entered. Do you want to continue?
You can create a QR Code for your own Secret Base. This QR Code will contain data for your Secret Base's layout and the message you entered. The QR Code you create can be saved on the SD Card in your Nintendo 3DS system.
Starting up the outer camera(s)...
Please line up the QR Code within the green square on the upper screen and press the A Button.
Reading data...
Data has been read.
Data could not be read.
This Secret Base is located in the same spot as <var>'s, which you favorited. As a result, the data could not be loaded.
You have favorited the maximum allowed number of Secret Bases, so the data could not be read. Delete some of your favorites to make space for registering new Secret Bases.
You cannot scan data from your own Secret Base's QR Code.
Now creating QR Code...
Your QR Code has been generated!
Your QR Code was not generated correctly. Please try again.
Saving to SD Card...
Saved to SD Card!
Your SD Card is full so you could not save.

Pokémon Omega Ruby
Pokémon Alpha Sapphire
<var>
<var>
<var>'s Base
Stop by my base!
<var>
Read in QR Code
The QR Code failed to be read. Please try again.
What would you like to do?
Enter a brief message to share with others, and then save your QR Code!
Team <var>'s Base
The Secret Base from the QR Code will be added to your favorites automatically. If you have already registered the maximum number of favorites, you won't be able to add new QR Code patterns.
This Secret Base is located in the same spot as your Secret Pal <var>'s base. As a result, the data could not be loaded.
This Secret Base is located in same spot as your own base. As a result, the data could not be read.
Yes
No
Image failed to be saved because your Nintendo 3DS Camera application is full.
The QR Code could not be saved.
