


















A small desk for one. An object may be placed on top of it.
A desk shaped like a Poké Ball. An object may be placed on top of it.
A large desk made of metal. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A large desk made of wood. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A large desk made of leaves. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A huge desk made of glass. Many objects may be placed on top of it.
A huge desk made of bricks. Many objects may be placed on top of it.
A huge desk made of logs. Many objects may be placed on top of it.
A huge desk made of stone. Many objects may be placed on top of it.
A huge, icy desk with Avalugg as its motif. Many objects may be placed on top of it.
A small chair for one.
A small chair shaped like a Poké Ball.
A small chair made of metal.
A small chair made of glass.
A small chair made of leaves.
A small chair made of wood.
A small chair made of bricks.
A small chair made from a log.
A small chair made of stone.
A mat for welcoming Secret Pals.
A mat for welcoming Secret Pals.
A mat for welcoming Secret Pals.
A mat for welcoming Secret Pals.
A mat for welcoming Secret Pals.
A round mat inspired by Surf. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Thunder. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Fire Blast. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Powder Snow. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Attract. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Fissure. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Spikes. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A square mat inspired by Turtwig. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A square mat inspired by Chimchar. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A square mat inspired by Piplup. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A round mat inspired by Stunfisk. Objects may be placed on top of it.
A pot with a bright-red flower growing in it.
A pot with a tropical plant growing in it.
A pot with cute flowers growing in it.
A pot with many kinds of flowers growing in it.
A large pot shaped like an umbrella.
A large pot that has been meticulously cared for.
A replica that looks just like a Berry Tree you would find on a route.
A Red Brick. An object may be placed on top of it.
A Yellow Brick. An object may be placed on top of it.
A Blue Brick. An object may be placed on top of it.
The Sand Ornament will crumble if you touch it.
A replica of the stone statues at the entrances to Pokémon Gyms.
A bed with a wonderful design. You can sleep soundly in this comfy bed.
A small fence that you can't go through.
You can slide from the top to the bottom.
You can climb the stairs to the top.
A big, old tire. Objects may be placed on top of it.
You can place this over holes to cross over them.
You can place this by a crumbled cliff to climb to a higher floor.
A post tightly wrapped in straw used for Cut practice by masters of the sword.
A toy that lets you compete with others at how much you can punch in a short amount of time.
A sign that can decide the rules of a Pokémon battle.
A large Blackboard on which you can write freely.
The words written inside this large ball come jumping out at you when you examine it.
An ornament with Litwick as its motif. The light turns on when you touch it.
A replica that has been made to look just like a Poké Flute from another region.
A machine that was used to mix Berries in this region long ago.
A big, solid Globe. Something about it makes you nostalgic.
Some empty Cardboard Boxes.
An empty Trash Can just like you would find anywhere.
A piece of a large stone pillar. It has an air of mystery.
A work of glass modeled after a famous sculpture from the art museum.
A stand in praise of Trainers who excelled in the contest.
An original work of art you can place on the floor and enjoy.
An original work of art you can spread out on the floor and enjoy.
A large Red Tent. You can go inside.
A large Blue Tent. You can go inside.
A model of Castelia City in the Unova region.
A model of Lumiose City in the Kalos region.
A small poster with a Poké Ball printed on it.
A small poster with Treecko printed on it.
A small poster with Torchic printed on it.
A small poster with Mudkip printed on it.
A small poster with Azurill printed on it.
A large poster with Pikachu and Pichu printed on it.
A large poster with Seviper printed on it.
A large poster with Relicanth printed on it.
A large poster with Wingull printed on it.
A large poster with Smoochum printed on it.
A magnificent scroll depicting Groudon.
A magnificent scroll depicting Kyogre.
A magnificent scroll depicting Rayquaza.
The same as the scroll hanging in the Petalburg Gym.
An original work of art you can hang on the wall and enjoy.
A special award for completing a regional Pokédex.
A special award for completing the National Pokédex.
A special award in praise of those Pokémon that traveled through time to get here.
A Pichu Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Pikachu Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Marill Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Togepi Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Cyndaquil Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Chikorita Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Totodile Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Jigglypuff Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Meowth Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Clefairy Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Ditto Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Smoochum Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Treecko Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Torchic Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Mudkip Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Duskull Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Wynaut Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Baltoy Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Kecleon Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
An Azurill Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Skitty Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Swablu Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Gulpin Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Lotad Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Seedot Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Substitute Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A large Snorlax Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Rhydon Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Lapras Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Venusaur Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Charizard Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Blastoise Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Wailmer Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Regice Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Regirock Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A large Registeel Doll. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, or tire.
A Poké Ball cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Pikachu cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
An Azumarill cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Smoochum cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Zigzagoon cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Spinda cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A Sableye cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A grass cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A fire cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A water cushion. It may be placed on top of a mat, desk, brick, or tire.
A toy TV made to look just like the real thing.
A toy TV made with Seedot as its inspiration.
A toy TV made with Skitty as its inspiration.
A lamp that looks ready to collapse. It might turn off if you touch it...
A light that can change the mood of the room. Touch it to change colors.
A machine that lets you listen to whatever music you like in the Secret Base.
A Vending Machine that sells Soda Pop. The Secret Base Guild manages it.
A suspicious machine that lets you remove the level limit of Pokémon battles.
A red water balloon. It will burst if you step on it.
A yellow water balloon. It will burst if you step on it.
A blue water balloon. It will burst if you step on it.
A round mud ball. It will burst if you step on it.
A weird door through which you can pass.
A surprisingly accurate replica of the tall grass you would find on a route.
A doll that becomes invisible when set down. It becomes visible again when you examine it.
A mysterious mat that sparkles when you step on it.
A mischievous mat that makes you jump when you step on it.
A mischievous mat that spins in place to push you back when you step on it.
A mischievous mat that may be used once. You'll be stuck in a pit if you step on it carelessly.
When visitors step on this mat, they'll be sent back to the entrance, but only once.
A mat that plays the note "do" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the note "re" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the note "mi" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the note "fa" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the note "so" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the note "la" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the note "ti" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mat that plays the high note "do" when you step on it. When you turn it, the note changes.
A mysterious panel that spins and moves when you step on it. It can be used once.
A mysterious panel that spins and moves when you step on it. It can be used three times.
A mysterious panel that spins and moves when you step on it. It can be used five times.
A mysterious panel that will teleport you to a Red Warp Panel when you step on it.
A mysterious panel that will teleport you to a Blue Warp Panel when you step on it.
A mysterious panel that will teleport you to a Yellow Warp Panel when you step on it.
It looks just like a real PC. It's often used for pranks.
The position where you'll stand in your own Secret Base when someone visits.

















