

Harsh Sunlight
The harsh sunlight weather condition. It boosts the power of Fire-type moves and lowers the power of Water-type moves.
Rain
The rain weather condition. It boosts the power of Water-type moves and lowers the power of Fire-type moves.
Sandstorm
The sandstorm weather condition. It damages all Pokémon that are not Rock, Ground, or Steel type every turn. It boosts the Sp. Def of Rock-type Pokémon.
Hail
The hail weather condition. It damages all Pokémon that are not Ice type every turn.
Electric Terrain
Pokémon on the ground won't fall asleep for five turns. It boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
Grassy Terrain
Pokémon on the ground restore their HP a little for five turns. It boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
Misty Terrain
Pokémon on the ground won't get any status conditions for five turns. It also halves the damage from Dragon-type moves.
Trick Room
Slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
Magic Room
Pokémon can't use their held items for five turns.
Wonder Room
Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def are swapped for five turns.
Critical-Hits ↑
It raises the critical-hit rate.
Confusion
The Pokémon may hurt itself for one to four turns.
Infatuation
The Pokémon is less likely to attack Pokémon of the opposite gender.
Nightmare
It reduces the HP of the Pokémon every turn while sleeping.
Drowsy
The Pokémon will fall asleep at the end of the turn if it remains on the battlefield.
Encore
Due to Encore, the Pokémon can use only <var> for three turns.
No Ability
The Pokémon's Ability loses its effect.
Torment
The Pokémon can't use the same move twice in a row.
Tailwind
It doubles the Speed stat of the Pokémon in battle for four turns.
Lucky Chant
The opponent's moves won't result in a critical hit.
Grudge
If the Pokémon faints by an opponent's move, the PP of the move will be 0.
Heal Block
The Pokémon can't recover HP by its moves, Ability, or held items for five turns.
Identified
The Pokémon will be hit by certain moves that usually don't have any effect on it. The effect of the Pokémon's boosted evasiveness will be ignored when attacked.
Disable
The Pokémon can't use <var> for four turns.
Can't Escape
The Pokémon can't flee or be switched.
Lock-On
The Pokémon's next move never misses the target after the Pokémon has locked on to it.
Embargo
For five turns, the Pokémon cannot use its held item and no items can be used on it.
Charge
The power of the Pokémon's Electric-type move doubles on the turn after charging.
Gravity
Moves are more likely to hit for five turns. Ground-type moves will hit Flying-type Pokémon and Pokémon with the Levitate Ability. Flying moves can't be used.
Mist
The Pokémon's stats won't be lowered for five turns.
Safeguard
It protects the Pokémon from status conditions for five turns.
Stealth Rock
It hurts Pokémon that switch into battle.
Stockpile
The Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def stats go up while stockpiling.
Taunt
The Pokémon can use only damage-causing moves.
Telekinesis
Moves, except for one-hit KO moves, will hit the Pokémon without fail for three turns. Ground-type moves won't hit the Pokémon.
Magnet Rise
Ground-type moves won't hit the Pokémon for five turns.
Toxic Spikes
The trap poisons Pokémon that switch into battle. It won't hurt Flying-type Pokémon or Pokémon with the Levitate Ability.
Mud Sport
The power of Electric-type moves will be halved for five turns.
Wish
The Pokémon's HP will be restored on the turn after the Pokémon uses Wish.
Sticky Web
It lowers the Speed of Pokémon that switch into battle.
Ingrain
The Pokémon restores its HP at the end of each turn. Ingrained Pokémon can't be switched.
Curse
The Pokémon takes damage at the end of each turn.
Trick-or-Treat
The Ghost type is added to the Pokémon's type.
Light Screen
Damage from special attacks is halved for five turns.
Reflect
Damage from physical attacks is halved for five turns.
Imprison
If the Pokémon affected by Imprison know any moves also known by the user of Imprison, they are prevented from using those moves.
Perish Song
All Pokémon that heard Perish Song will faint after three turns.
Spikes
The trap hurts Pokémon that switch into battle. It won't hurt Flying-type Pokémon or Pokémon with the Levitate Ability.
Water Sport
It halves the power of Fire-type moves for five turns.
Destiny Bond
The Pokémon will make the opponent faint if the opponent makes the Pokémon faint.
Forest's Curse
The Grass type is added to the Pokémon's type.
Leech Seed
Leech Seed steals the Pokémon's HP and restores the opponent's HP at the end of each turn.
Lock-On
A move won't miss on the locked-on target.
Bound
The Pokémon is bound and takes damage every turn.
Bide
The Pokémon endures attacks for two turns, then strikes back to inflict double the damage taken.
Outrage
The Pokémon rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
Thrash
The Pokémon rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
Petal Dance
The Pokémon rampages and attacks for two to three turns. It then becomes confused.
Badly Poisoned
The Pokémon is badly poisoned. The damage the Pokémon takes from the poison worsens every turn.
Future Attack
Two turns after this move is used, the Pokémon will receive damage.
Uproar
The Pokémon attacks in an uproar for three turns. During that time, no Pokémon can fall asleep.
Aqua Ring
The Pokémon envelops itself in a veil made of water. It regains some HP every turn.
Autotomize
The Pokémon's Speed goes up sharply. It also gets lighter.
Smack Down
The Pokémon is smacked down to the ground.
Fairy Lock
The Pokémon can't flee during this turn.
Rainbow
It boosts the likelihood of additional effects occurring.
Swamp
It cuts Speed to 1/4.
Sea of Fire
It damages Pokémon other than Fire-type Pokémon every turn.
Extremely Harsh Sunlight
The extremely harsh sunlight weather condition. It boosts the power of Fire-type moves and protects Pokémon from Water-type moves.
Heavy Rain
The heavy rain weather condition. It boosts the power of Water-type moves and protects Pokémon from Fire-type moves.
Strong Winds
The strong winds condition. The power of supereffective moves against Flying-type Pokémon will be weakened.
Psychic Terrain
Pokémon on the ground won't be hit by priority moves for five turns. It boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
Throat Chop
The Pokémon can't use any move that produces sound for two turns.
Aurora Veil
It halves the power of special and physical attacks for five turns.
Laser Focus
The move on the turn after the Pokémon uses Laser Focus always results in a critical hit.






