Mantine Surf is a sport in which you can execute moves to try to get a high score as you make your way to the island you are trying to reach. Now let's start off with four lessons to learn the basics of Mantine Surf!
Lesson 1: Picking up speed Mantine will move forward on its own. Ride up the face of the wave, and when you reach the lip, slide the Circle Pad to the left to surf back down and pick up speed!
Once you're back down in the trough of the wave, slide the Circle Pad to the right to climb the face again. Keep riding up and down the wave to pick up more and more speed!
Now it's time for you to give it a try! Travel up and down the face of the wave by moving the Circle Pad to the left and right, and try to pick up some speed!
You've cleared Lesson 1! When Mantine starts moving really fast, you will see the air currents around it turn orange!



Lesson 2: Getting airborne When you reach the highest point of the wave, or the lip, slide the Circle Pad to the right and you can launch into the air!
The faster Mantine is traveling, the higher you'll get off of the wave!
Now give it a try! Pick up some speed, and then catch some air!
You've cleared Lesson 2! And remember: the height of a wave affects your score for some moves, so choose the best wave to leap to the air!
Lesson 3: Aerial moves While you're in the air, move the Circle Pad in any direction to spin and twist. You'll add more points to your score if you do!
If you can chain together several of these spins during the same aerial, you can pull off a bold move that will earn you a high score! The possible combinations are displayed on the lower screen.
It's your turn now! Try to catch some air and pull off some awesome moves!
You've cleared Lesson 3! A sparkling ring appears around Mantine at the end of a trick. If you start another spin before it disappears, you'll earn an even higher score!
Lesson 4: Landing When in the air, Mantine will slowly lose elevation and fall back down toward the water surface.
If Mantine is still spinning when it hits the water, it will be swallowed by the wave and sink below the surface! Make sure you time your spins right so that they end before you hit the water!
This is it! Try to land safely back on the water after pulling off an aerial!
You've cleared Lesson 4! If Mantine lands successfully, you will get a landing bonus added to the points you had earned for any aerials you pulled off. This way your score will keep going up!
You've cleared all the lessons! You're a full-fledged Mantine Surfer now! If you want to repeat these lessons, just ask the Swimmer on the beach!
And one more thing! When you see an island on the horizon, you'll know you are close to your destination. Try to pull off moves until the very end of your trip, and aim for a really high score!
Now, get out there and become a great Mantine Surfer!
Move List
Move Level
