Time for my dramatic entrance into the ring! There's no battle I can't win!




Gonna get fired up for the battle! ♪ Hope I stay cool and don't get rattled! ♪




I h-hope my Pokémon are gonna be OK...




Bow down before my mighty partners!




Well, well, well... Who shall I smash first?




My endless stamina is like an unending mountain range!




I'll take you on with no tricks! ...Because I know I can outwit anyone...




The key to this battle will be who to take down first.




This ain't one on one? That don't matter to me! I'll take on anyone!




I'm fixin' to win this here battle, I tell you what!




This bat may seem out of place here, but trust me—I won't use it as a weapon.




I feel like this is when all my regular training is going to pay off. ♪




Well, they sure do got them some funky battles out here, yup.




I came all the way to Alola because I wanted to try Battle Royal so bad.




In this corner, a Janitor...




Oh, you look like a strong opponent! This should be a worthwhile battle!




Should a Gentleman really be participating in battles as savage as this?




I've raised some Pokémon just for Battle Royal.




I'm on the rise, but my coach told me not to fly too close to the sun.




No matter what kind of battle, my Pokémon are invincible!




I may be just a wanderer, but when I join a battle, things get rough.




My smile and my muscles are what people like about me. ♪




My clients are smiling. It looks like I should be able to finalize the contract.




Maybe Battle Royal will be a good way to relieve my work-related stress.




It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance. As you can see, I'm a thug. But I'll do my best!




Here I come! I'll show you what a strong-willed woman is capable of!




I go nuts if all I do is work all the time. This should be a nice change of pace.




Participating in battles here is also good publicity for my company.




This is the perfect opportunity for me to show off my skills!




I never back down from any opponent! That's what being an Ace Trainer is all about!




You've finally made it to me! Let me show you how a real Trainer battles!




It's hard for me as a girl to get into this pro-wrestling vibe.




I've come from afar to enter this ring! Victory will be mine!




The tour guide said battles here are amazingly fun and new.




I've been wringing out dirty rags for 60 years! I've had a long career.




I'm proud of my Pokémon's power! I think this place is just right for them.




Believe it or not, I used to be a wrestler. I feel like I'm back in my prime right now!




Believe it or not, I used to be a wrestler. I feel like I'm back in my prime right now!




Looks like it's finally my turn.




When you get in the ring, it's now or never! Take down anything you see!




Welcome to my stage! This is gonna be the best gig I've ever had!




I'll win my way through to become the acest of Trainers!




Allow me to introduce my flamin' hot team.




I've come to investigate whether there's potential for any funny business during Battle Royal.




Oh, you're the subject of my experiment, yes?




Should a karate master like me participate in another martial art like this...




This stage is perfect for me—I love being the center of attention!




All right, I'm not holding anything back!




What? You think you can defeat me? Don't make me laugh!




Cower and tremble in fear before the Pokémon I have raised.




I'll give you the best battle in history!




