There you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Are you ready for a Pokémon battle?
As long as you have the will to win, you'll be fine! Let's make it another great day!
Other than being a Gym Leader in Kanto, I also help on fossil excavations.
I become more familiar with all sorts of regions by digging in the earth and mountains.
I wonder what kind of Pokémon there were a long time ago. What kind of geography was it?
Whenever I think about ages that we don't know about, I can't help but get really excited.
If you ever come to Pewter City in Kanto, come visit my Gym.
I'll show you around the Gym—and the museum we have nearby, too!
If you have any interest in old Pokémon fossils, I can't recommend it enough.
My Onix is my best partner.
He specializes in withstanding any attack and dishing out a powerful counterattack.
He just fits with how I do battles as well.
There aren't too many Pokémon that can stand after getting counterattacked by Onix!
Onix can get around by digging into the ground.
He's big and heavy, but you'd be surprised at how nimble he is.
I've been going to the mountains and the ruins on Pasio.
Of course, I'm participating in the PML as well.
But as long as I'm here, I might as well enjoy myself, right?
Don't get me wrong, I'm not slacking off!
The Trainers that gathered here are from all over the world and know all sorts of geography, history, and Pokémon.
It's great that I not only get to battle them but also get to talk to them.
Not to mention, I'll have stories to take back to Kanto.
Pokémon battles are the hardest for the Pokémon themselves.
That's why I train as much as my Pokémon— so that I can empathize with their hardships.
How tough it must be to take that kind of damage... If I could experience it with them, victory would be that much more satisfying.
Pokémon support their Trainers by using their powers.
That's why I wanted to be able to support my Pokémon as well!
And as I trained, I became a lot stronger.
Now, I can run with a Geodude on my back.
I wonder what kind of Trainer you will become, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
As a Gym Leader, I've seen a lot of different Trainers.
But all of the Trainers that were able to beat me had a glint in their eye.
No matter how strong you become, I want you to remember what it was like when you began and enjoy Pokémon battles in the same way.
Even the strongest Trainer was a beginner once.
You don't have to hold anything back. Find Trainers more experienced than you, and challenge them to Pokémon battles!
Hey, perfect timing! There was something I wanted to give you.
You're always going all over the place, so I hope this will be useful to you.
I find a lot of items like this when I'm taking a walk on the mountain.
It would be bad if it affected Pokémon, so I end up picking it up.
I've fought a lot of Trainers up until now.
So, believe me when I say that you are an excellent Trainer.
You can hold your head high and take on more battles!
You need a strong will for battles. Wanting to win, wanting to not lose— that willpower will lead you to victory.
So believe in yourself. Believe that you're an amazing Trainer.
Believing in yourself with a rock-hard will— that is the secret to winning!
You're becoming stronger than I could have imagined. It's like I found a diamond in the rough!
Don't worry—that's a compliment. I'm just saying that it's like finding an unexpected gem.
In other words, it's rare to see a Trainer as good as you are!
One of these days, I want to have a serious battle with you.
Battling a rare gem like you would probably be a lot more intense than I can imagine!
I can already hear the sound of our clashing wills!
Morning! The day's just begun. Let's plan out what we wanna do.
Phew! I just got back from my morning warm-up on top of a boulder.
Hey there! The weather's perfect for collecting rocks, don't you think?
It can be tempting to loaf around in the afternoon, but keeping your day balanced is the key to growing stronger!
Wait, you're heading out this late? Don't overdo it, all right? Save some energy for tomorrow!
Evening! Do you have some stuff you still need to get done? I'm happy to help out if I can.
