So, we meet again!
You're glimmering like the shiniest shard of ice!
Looking at fresh ice is always nice. Keep up the good work, y'know?
You're wondering whether I get cold dressed like this all year?
I'm sure there are people around you that spend the year in short sleeves, y'know?
Those people have blazing spirits! That's why the cold doesn't bother them.
I mean, I get cold, too, y'know?
If you're not 100 percent on your game all the time, you have to find a way to keep warm.
Ice is a bit of a paradox, y'know? It's both durable and fragile.
Fragile when warm and durable when cold.
Power is just as fickle. But that is what makes it fun.
I like to cherish the kind of power that can be lost in a moment.
Now, the kind of power that is unshakable, the kind that will never change no matter what...
I want you to have the kind of spirit that would be able to find it.
I always enjoy my Pokémon battles with my trusty Avalugg.
In any case, you can say the one who enjoys themselves the most is the winner, y'know?
Time is limited. We don't have the kind of time to think about things like winning or losing.
I'm impressed with how you interact with your Pokémon.
There are Trainers that want to become stronger or maybe become closer to their Pokémon.
Just like how no two people have the same thoughts, the same can be said for Pokémon as well.
So being able to have fun alongside your Pokémon is an incredibly precious thing.
I may be hard as ice, but my wife can easily make me melt.
She asked me about "it" the other day, y'know? And I couldn't answer her.
All I could say was, "Oh yeah, that's a few days away, isn't it?" She got mad at me...
I mean, what is "it" anyway, y'know?
It must've been our anniversary! Yeesh! We all have something we're not good at.
I can be tough as an iceberg, hot as a furnace, but there's one thing that I cannot stand up to.
My wife's cold stare. It's something I could never get used to.
[Name:PlayerNickname ], do you know about the Pokémon village?
It's a place where hurt Pokémon go to rest and support each other.
I hope you get the chance to go there. I'm sure it will make you even kinder toward Pokémon.
Unfortunately, there are bad people that hurt Pokémon.
If you ever find a hurt Pokémon, I hope you care for it. You have a good heart. I'm sure you will.
I found this caught in one of Avalugg's cracks.
Here, you can have it. Use it well.
Avalugg has really big cracks, so if you don't clean them often, you'll find a bunch of things caught in there!
I once lost a present I meant to give to my kids, but I found it in one of Avalugg's cracks! Ha ha! *sigh*
I might be a Gym Leader, but I can only be one thanks to the support I get from my family.
My wife and kids are always there, cheering me on.
It's thanks to them that I can give it my all when I battle.
My locket with a picture of my family is my most important possession, y'know?
I never leave home without it! It reminds me how grateful I should be to them!
Besides, y'know... It's nice to think that your family is always with you.
Spending time with you warms my heart.
Both people and Pokémon alike have hearts. I'm just saying that you have a warmth that is soothing to those around you.
At the very least, Avalugg here and I like you!
I bet the people and Pokémon that approach you can see that you have a kind heart, too.
One warm person can warm up everyone around them.
And if there's a frigid knucklehead around, well, that's where you come in, y'know?
Hi! The morning air always fills me with vigor. Isn't it refreshing?
Y'know, I woke up around five this morning. I just can't seem to get good shut-eye lately.
Hey, how're you doing? We should have a battle one of these days.
Hey there. Pokémon battling is always a good way to spend the day.
You're out and about awfully late. You shouldn't overexert yourself, you know.
Goin' out at this time of night? Well, just don't stay up too late.
