Here again today, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? That's fantastic! Just fantastic!
Let's make today a great day and fill up a whole photo album!
My older sister, Alexa, gave me my camera.
Alexa's a journalist for a big publishing house!
My dream is to use this camera to take all kinds of pictures of different Pokémon!
Of course I'm taking pictures on Pasio, too.
I feel like Pasio's got a lot of passion!
By the way, I'm a Gym Leader. At the Santalune City Gym, you can see my Pokémon pictures on display.
I'm trying to get the word out about it here on Pasio, too. I hope people will come to see it.
It's really charming, so it's pretty popular!
Surskit is a Pokémon that walks on top of the water with Swift Swim!
I don't even know how many times I've captured its grace with my camera!
Its charms are unending, no matter how many pictures I take. I just love it!
If you ever meet a wild Surskit, be sure to watch it closely!
Its tiny legs support its whole body on the water. How can you not love it?
I take pictures of things other than Pokémon, too!
Pokémon Trainers, of course. But also the scenery in towns and natural settings!
When I'm shooting Pokémon, of course Bug-type Pokémon are my favorites! They're just so cute!
The Evolution of Bug-type Pokémon is a lot faster and more mysterious than other Pokémon!
I'll never get tired of taking pictures of Pokémon, no matter how many I take.
Focusing on something I love and clicking the shutter is the best feeling in the world!
There's a Pokémon from the Kalos region called Vivillon. It's a fantastic Pokémon!
Even though they're the same species, many Vivillon have different wing patterns!
That's why there are lots of people around the world who collect different Vivillon!
I'm one of those people! Even here on Pasio, I plan to look for people with rare Vivillon!
I want to make an album with photos of every kind of Vivillon someday!
You'll help me with that, right? I'm really looking forward to it!
I think it's really great that I came to Pasio!
I've met a lot of Pokémon, and I met you, too, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
To me, you're a fantastic photo subject!
But not just as a model, of course. I really enjoy Pokémon battles together with you, too!
Let's keep on doing our best, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
I found this while I was wandering around town with my camera!
Here's a present to celebrate your strength!
There are things you can only see through a viewfinder!
If I find anything again, I'll be sure to give it to you!
Oh! Look at that Pokémon's nimble walk! What a photo op!
Wha—?! It ran off. I must've gotten too close.
The trick to taking Pokémon pictures is to not alert them to your presence.
Making sure you don't startle or alert the Pokémon—that's gotta be the first step, right?
Take your lens and focus it...focus it... Then snap that shot!
Practice helps you get better at taking pictures. It's the same for catching Pokémon, right?
You need to aim your throw with the Poké Ball. Then throw it at the exact right time!
Timing is important to both. Poké Balls and film are limited, after all.
Ah, wait! I should take a picture here! You've got a great smile going on!
Hm? Why am I so into taking photos? Hmm. I guess it's because of my older sister.
Alexa, writer for the Lumiose Press! That's my supercool older sister.
My older sister knows I love pictures, so she gave me this wonderful camera!
Why do I take pictures of smiling faces? That should be obvious!
Because they're just fabulous! That's how I feel about smiling faces!
Taking pictures and having pictures taken makes people happier and happier. It's the best!
Taking joyful pictures is the whole reason I'm a photographer!
Good morning! Let's make sure today's fantastic!
I bet I'll find a lot of photo ops today, too!
Good afternoon! No matter what time of day it is, I always feel fantastic!
During the day, everything gets so active! Even Pokémon!
Good evening! Nighttime photography can be tricky, but you can snag some fantastic photos.
You worked hard today! Get some good rest so we can take another shot tomorrow!
