Whoa! Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You're here, just as I predicted!
I'm so ecstatic you came, I'm crackling with energy! Come on—time to start the day!
Electivire is a fierce, robust Pokémon that can harness the power of electricity!
If you touch Electivire while it's charged up with crackling electricity...
you can actually lose consciousness for several moments. So make sure you don't EVER do that, OK?
Electivire are incredibly rare to find in the wild, you know.
If you ever manage to team up with one, you can be sure it will be a dependable partner.
Grrr... Still at 47 percent? Slower than I expected.
Whoa! I was so focused, I didn't even see you there!
I was trying to perform an update on my data-interpreting machine, see...
But it's taking forever! The update's already been going for a hundred hours or so!
This is just the mobile version of my data-interpreting machine, but it's got amazing functionality!
I'll tell you all about what this baby can do next time.
If we open that can of worms now, it'll be midnight before I can explain all of its awesome features.
Bronzong can call down the rain, so people in ancient times used to think they were deities.
In fact, some people still worship them as rain bringers today, if you can believe that.
I don't really buy into that, though. The only results I believe in are the ones I can prove numerically.
Besides, if it suddenly started raining indoors, all of my machines would break.
Did you know that many Pokémon feel naturally energized by the rain?
For that reason, a lot of Pokémon feel thankful toward Bronzong, too.
You look like you're itching to know more about me!
In other words, you'd like to interpret my data. Is that correct? If so, feel free!
Let's see. Um... Male, teenager... No, that's not the sort of data you want, is it?
If you want to learn more about me, you'll need to collect some data. Spending time with me is the best way to do that.
It just so happens that I'm interested in collecting some data on you as well. Nice timing!
There are plenty of things out there that you can't understand with just a calculator.
The more you learn about the world, the more you'll find things about it that interest you.
Do you think my hairstyle is weird?
I'm really specific about how I do it, but it doesn't take long at all.
That could be because I use my invention the Auto-Hairstyle-O-Matic to analyze my hair type.
Want to try it out, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? My invention can turn any hairstyle into one that's just like mine.
My Auto-Hairstyle-O-Matic doesn't work on bald people.
Just keep that in mind.
My invention the Detect-O-Matic picked this up out in the forest.
I did a round of analysis on it, and it seemed right up your alley!
Collecting data and performing analyses are important for all things in life.
They are the key to obtaining greater knowledge and experience.
Whoa! Hey, you! You came at just the right time!
I've been wanting to do some analysis on you. Give me your data!
Don't worry—I don't need you to do anything super specific. I just need to look at you through my machine!
Bzweeeeep! Oh, don't let the beeping concern you. I'm just interpreting some of your data.
You and your Pokémon continue to exceed my calculations. What's the secret to your strength?
Hmm... I've just gotta know! I'm going to solve this mystery through my analysis. I promise!
If you collect lots of data and analyze your Pokémon battles, you can utilize that data moving forward!
It's true! It's part of my job description as Factory Head!
Pokémon get disappointed when they lose battles, too. That's why you've got to formulate new strategies!
So that you can learn from your mistakes! And so next time, you can win! And things will go exactly as planned!
I always get tons of great data when I battle against you.
It'll all be put to good use when I go back to the Battle Factory!
Although I might as well collect as much data as I can while I'm here...
The more knowledge I can amass, the more helpful I can be to you in a battle.
AND I can keep getting stronger in the meantime! Perfect logic, just as I calculated! 
Morning! According to my analysis, we're in for a fine day!
I always make excellent progress when I study Pokémon in the morning.
Greetings. My calculations tell me that the current air temperature and humidity are optimal for battle.
Creating a plan and then executing it is the most efficient way to spend the day.
Good evening. How much do you know about nocturnal Pokémon?
Each night, I like to review my accomplishments of the day and evaluate my efficiency.
