A special move...
I just don't... Hi-yah!
I don't understand at all!
To establish a bond, I have to... Hi-yah! Whew... That's enough for today!
Sorry, I'm trying something out here!
When a Trainer and their Pokémon make a real bond as a sync pair, an amazing special move will activate...or so I hear!
Right now, I'm training to activate it! Hi-yah!
Apparently these special moves have different effects depending on the sync pair that uses them.
Almost like the bond that is born from the clash of spirit to spirit and fist to fist!
So, the key must be found in training! Hi-yah!
An opponent with such high defenses...
We've trained to handle opponents with low defenses!
We're not optimized for this!
A good offense is the greatest strength! It's what my Pokémon and I train for every day!
Because we train our offense so much, low defenses are no challenge! Battle us whenever!
But an opponent with BIG defenses makes things difficult! That's our biggest weakness!
When you master one thing, another becomes your weakness.
And recently, all of the opponents that challenge me have had very high defense!
High defenses are my weakness! How does everybody know my weakness!
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Rain, wind, or shine...
the Karate King's my hero!
I'm going to train in the fiercest of rain or the scorchiest of heat!
Whoosh whoosh! Pitter-patter!
I finally met my idol, the Karate King! And not only did he battle me—he even gave me a Pokémon!
I am at the peak of happiness! I'd follow him for life!
That is...if I hadn't lost sight of him! So instead, I just started training again.
You can train anywhere and anytime!
This Pokémon isn't the only thing I got from the Karate King, after all! Life lessons count, too!
You... Human...
Ee-va-loo-shun stone...
If I return it...I could...
You, human that uses Pokémon... Can you understand my words?
... ... ...
Ha ha ha! I surprised you, didn't I! I was actually in a movie a long time ago!
It wasn't an easy gig for anyone, but the lead actor was amazing!
The movie didn't exactly go according to script, but he never gave up and kept redoing his shots. I consider him my mentor!
I make sure to train as both a Trainer and an actor every day!
But whenever I'm acting, nobody talks to me!
Come on, now. You're trying to overcome this, aren't you?
I heard about the incident.
It'll be OK, though! Don't worry about it!
But...my trauma...
Dragon-type Pokémon...
Gift-shop security guard...
Scared...of Dragon-type Pokémon...
Come on, buddy! I'm here with you! We'll get through this together!
A long time ago...when I was still a security guard for the gift shop...
Uh...yeah. You told me that part already.
A frighteningly strong opponent... But it was because of that that I decided to try to reach the top!
Yeah, that's the ticket! I'll help you, too! You'll be fine, buddy!
But I'm still scared of Hyper Beam!
I just won a battle, so I'm feeling good!
Oh, whatever! I'm in a terrible mood now!
I think I'm gonna go to bed...
I'm not strong enough to be able to get right back up and try again.
Uh, well, you know... I'm grateful for you battling me!
Muahaha! My hobby is to beat Trainers on their way to what lies ahead!
I can't believe this!
Rather than enjoying defeating someone, should I aim higher?
It's probably people with that kind of attitude who gather for the PML.
Err... I wasn't sleeping! Let's battle!
This can't be happening! This must be a dream!
I was careless, but being half-asleep isn't a good enough excuse!
I mean...I wasn't asleep! I swear! It's not true!
