Being an Ace Trainer is lonely...
I miss the days of being a rising star.
Dreaming of someday becoming a veteran...
I just love Pokémon. That has always been the case.
Before I knew it, people were calling me an Ace Trainer.
Someday, people will call me a veteran.
But for me, I've always liked Pokémon and that will never change.
I'm called an Ace Trainer, but that doesn't sit well with me.
Can't I simply be a Pokémon fan...?
My Musharna...
I want a new Pokémon pillow...
I'm sleepy...
A true Ace Trainer cares about sleep.
It's important to restore the energy that you burned up throughout the day.
What's perfect for getting good sleep is using a pillow of a cute Pokémon and Musharna as a protection against nightmares!
You see, Musharna eats dreams.
And it eats up all your bad dreams for you so you can get a good night's sleep.
The future is beyond our imagination.
The past cannot be changed.
The present is infinite.
My Xatu is always standing still.
It's because she can't avoid the future even though she can see that it's dark.
But I don't believe that! I promise I can change Xatu's future!
Xatu can see not only the future but also the past.
She knows how much effort I've put forth in the past and how hard I'm working now. She understands me the best!
Punk girl Ace Trainer...
I'm from a family of Ace Trainers. Cool, right?
Just be who you are.
My mom and my dad are both Ace Trainers!
So imagine me becoming a punk girl!
They were like, "Whoa. Hold up. Say what?" They got so jealous!
When I told them I'm going to be a punk girl, my dad went to the mountains to find himself.
And my mom went to a beach wearing a bikini! For real!
Once I was all alone, I thought maybe being an Ace Trainer isn't so bad.
Hehe... Taking notes...
You know a lot!
I hope my Pokémon can get stronger!
Aw, so cute... Your Pokémon, that is!
The beauty of a pupa before it emerges.
The potentiality before Evolution is so beautiful.
When your Kakuna evolves, he'll be cool and strong!
Really? Right now, I'm always protecting him...
He'll turn into a Pokémon that's good at attacking. But he's cute now, too!
Yeah. But I'll work hard so he can evolve into a cool Pokémon soon!
No need to rush. There's always something good at every stage.
You can learn a lot by being creative because your Pokémon hasn't evolved yet. It's harder to do that after they evolve.
I see. So you're learning with your Ponyta...
I don't want to be at the center of attention...
Ace Trainerrr!!!
I'm embarrassed.
Ace Trainerrr!!!
Oh, that was just me warming up. I'm not weird!
Umm...let's battle! If I win, promise me you won't look at me with those strange eyes.
Ace Trainerrr!!!
You seem more fired up than I am!
No! Ace Trainerrr!!!
A fired-up rejection?!
Ace Trainers are always confident! Battling with force and spirit!
Hey! Can we battle, please?
You can't just win by force.
Ace Trainerrr!!!
My friend who knows I'm shy came up with it. It's quite embarrassing.
Keeps their focus and always works hard...
And gives all they've got in battles.
That's the kind of Trainer I want to battle against.
Well, well. Lookee here...
If you want to compete in the PML, you'll have to defeat me first!
Ready?
I accept your challenge!
Good answer!
No, thanks...
Such a shame...
If you want to get strong, you must battle me.
Ready?
What? I lost? You must have trained really hard for this...
I'm certain you'll rise to the top in the PML.
Keep your focus and continue to work hard!
