There you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been craning my neck like a Haxorus trying to find you around here!
I'm glad I got to meet up with you today! We should go do some exploring!
I grew up in a mysterious place called the Village of Dragons.
It's a really awesome place where people and Dragon-type Pokémon live together in harmony!
Haxorus was basically my neighborhood buddy when we were growing up. Nowadays, we might as well be family!
Hmm... If we were really family, would that make Haxorus my big sister? Weird, since I'm the one always taking care of her.
Before my Haxorus evolved, she was smaller than I am! Can you believe that?
She was so itty-bitty. She used to play inside my hair everywhere we went!
What do you think it means to be an adult?
Like...dressing fancy? And caring about important stuff? Using big, fancy words?
I know I can't be a kid forever, and I've gotta grow up at some point.
I've been kinda copying what other adults do recently, but I don't really get it.
You know what? I don't wanna change! I'm just gonna keep acting like my normal kid self!
I asked old Grandpa what it means to be an adult, and he said nobody knows!
If nobody knows, how's a kid like me supposed to know?!
I'm Iris! The girl who knows the hearts of dragons!
Tee-hee! That almost sounds like it came from one of those TV specials, huh?
"Mystic Discoveries: The Girl Who Was Raised by Dragon Pokémon" kinda has a nice ring to it!
If I ever do get put on TV, I wanna show the world that Dragon-type Pokémon aren't really scary.
Sometimes they get moody and angry— but so do people!
Isn't my hairstyle super cool?! People always tell me it's the first thing they notice!
My hair's so big and fluffy that I can actually store things in there if I want!
This one time, Haxorus hid some Berries in it, and when we took them out later, they looked exactly the same! Weird, right?!
I always take really good care of my hair!
I mean, it's my trademark, after all!
Whenever I'm walking around downtown Pasio, I can't help fidgeting and looking around everywhere...
Where I grew up, my only playgrounds were forests and waterfalls. Being in the big city makes me so nervous!
Playing tag with Salamence, hopping from tree branch to tree branch, is super fun!
You should come play with us sometime, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I'll teach you some cool tips for playing tag!
It's kinda hard to compare the big city to somewhere full of nature— they're way too different!
When I'm surrounded by nature, it makes me think of my hometown, the Village of Dragons. It's nice and nostalgic!
Here, take this! I'm pretty sure it'll be useful!
Haxorus said it might be dangerous if I step on it, so she brought it over!
Haxorus looks super big and strong, but she's actually really gentle and well behaved!
Then again...she can get pretty scary when she's mad!
I've been around Pokémon my whole life, and battling has always been like second nature to me.
Before I knew it, I'd gotten to be super strong!
Getting to battle all the time used to seem super normal to me, but it's actually kinda awesome!
And also getting to meet and become friends with so many cool people! That part is super awesome, too!
Let's aim to be the best of the best Pokémon Trainers out there!
I feel like together we can both grow sooo much stronger!
Imagine what the view would look like! Standing proudly at the top— the greatest Pokémon Trainer ever!
Grandpa Drayden always says that people and Pokémon have to trust and depend on each other to live.
That's why I battle together with my Pokémon! So that we can deepen our trust and friendship!
In a Pokémon battle, the Trainer's heart and the Pokémon's heart become one!
If we give it our all, it doesn't matter if we win or lose! We're still smiling in the end!
Pokémon have an awesome power inside of them that we, as people, don't.
But you know what? The fact that we get to become such good friends with such awesome Pokémon is also super cool!
Don't you think so?! I gotta keep battling so I can learn everything there is to know about Pokémon and Trainers!
Good morning! Gotta make sure you're dressed well!
I'm gonna let my Pokémon do some sunbathing this morning, while the sun's nice and bright!
Hi! Kids shouldn't be afraid of the outdoors. Come on—let's go out and play!
It's so bright outside! Makes me want to lie down and soak up some sun with my Pokémon!
Evening! Ready for more fun? Back at the Village of Dragons, lots of Pokémon become more active at night!
My granddad always said that children who sleep well grow well!
