Heh heh heh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I had a feeling you'd come, so I was waiting.
I'm always looking forward to seeing you!
My Solrock has been full of energy ever since we came here.
Can you feel it? That crackling, popping sensation?
You can tell how your Pokémon is feeling, even without any special powers!
Knowing how each other feels is an amazing power!
You definitely need it to work hard together at something.
Liza and I are totally in sync! But well...
we got into a huge fight once, when Liza lost one of my toys.
She kept quiet about it for so long! Even though she knew she couldn't really hide it from me!
But well, I ended up forgiving her. She apologized to me, and besides, she's the only twin sister I've got!
I've started a fight with Liza, too, actually. I ate her snack without asking her.
Heh! I can tell by your look, you think Liza and I aren't too different, right?
Solrock doesn't really change its expression.
So it expresses itself using its whole body!
That's why I want to show it how I feel using body language, too—not just words.
It's difficult to show your feelings using your whole body like Solrock does...
But when I'm with Solrock, it's like we're dancing together. It's a lot of fun!
There was a time when Liza and I swapped clothing and hairstyles.
I ended up being sent to a place where there were only girls.
Liza said she had fun, but I was so embarrassed.
Liza says she wants to do it again, but I dunno.
Hmmm. Well, if it'll make Liza happy, maybe I'll give it a go again. Even if it means I'll get embarrassed again.
You always keep me company, so... Here! A present for you!
Heh heh heh, I tried to pick something perfect. I hope you like it!
I didn't ask anybody for advice, you know? I picked it all by myself! I was a little nervous.
Liza and I help out at the Space Center sometimes.
And they bought me a cool toy as a reward!
It was so cool, I carried it around everywhere, and now I accidentally brought it here with me. Don't tell Liza!
They told me at the Space Center that the universe is full of mysteries.
I hope I can go to space someday.
I'm glad I was able to battle with you.
I always team up with Liza, so there are a lot of things I never realized before.
I want to learn lots more and become even stronger!
Liza told me she also learned a lot by teaming up with different people.
Maybe I should challenge her to a battle? I want to see how strong we've gotten!
Good morning! You look wide awake. I was just wondering what kind of fun I could have today.
Morning! A nice early greeting really wakes me up!
Hello! Nice day, isn't it. Perfect for a Pokémon battle!
Hey! I always get hungry for a snack around this time...
Good evening! You're here late. Don't work too hard.
*yawn* Oh! No, I'm not tired! I'm fine!
