Yo! [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I could feel your fiery spirit!
Let's keep today burning hot!
Yo! Hiya! You got a moment for a quick chat?
You know, Infernape's fire on its head keeps burning for its whole life.
And don't you think my hairdo is like a raging fire, too?
We've got pretty similar heads, right? Heh, it really makes me feel like we're partners!
Infernape's fire keeps burning for its whole life.
It's a great partner to me, with a burning body and a burning heart!
Sometimes people say that as a member of the Sinnoh Elite Four, I should dress more properly.
But see, this is my style!
I told them, if you're going to change your whole style just 'cause someone told you to, that's not very proper as a Trainer, you know?
Of course, the day after I said that, I went and burned my foot on Infernape's fire.
Turns out wearing flip-flops has drawbacks. If someone gives you some advice, you should at least listen!
Listening to people's advice is definitely good, but that doesn't mean you always have to do as they say.
At the end of the day, it's up to you. Just don't be stubborn for no reason!
My partner's Infernape! He moves with blinding speed and can unleash powerful blows!
His punches are so quick! How quick, you say? Well, uh... Super quick!
You can actually follow his movements, since he leaves a trail of fire.
Infernape's the one that helps me do my hair! He can help me dry it at Mach speed!
Sometimes it misses and smacks into my head. If you ever see me rolling around on the ground in pain, that's what happened.
Back when I'd just joined the Elite Four, I'd always battle with Drifblim.
I met it as a Drifloon at the Valley Windworks. I think it was on a Friday.
I could sense it had a burning soul, so I decided to raise it!
Drifloon and Drifblim both have burning-hot spirit!
It's said that they even carry away people's spirits, after all!
Yo! [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You remind me of a friend of mine.
His name's Volkner. Every time I get burnt out, he comes along and gives me a recharge!
It goes both ways, though. When he's in a funk, it's up to me to light a fire in his heart!
If you remind me of Volkner, that means you're burning hot, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Let's keep burning hot together, all right? You're my kind of Trainer!
Yo! Perfect timing. I was cleaning out my room and found something good!
You can have it! Hope it helps you burn even hotter!
It may have been something Lopunny hid in my hair.
I think it uses my hair as its nest or something.
Hey, I consider you a friend! So, let me tell you the key to battles!
The most important things for winning battles is a burning heat!
You've got to set your spirit on fire and burn and burn and BURN!
Yeeeaaaaaah! I'm gonna WIN!
*sigh* ... ... ... Whew.
Like that.
That feeling of giving your absolute 100 percent best in a battle and burning down to cinders...
I don't dislike it.
Whenever you're in a pickle...
whether I'm having a meal or taking a bath, I'll always come and help you out!
After all, isn't that what friends are for? We help each other out!
Of course, I tend to be clean out of batteries after each battle.
You'll probably have to help me out a lot more than I'll need to help you!
Counting on you, partner!
Our battles have heat and burning spirit.
Let's show the whole world our bright fire!
Hey, you're lookin' good this morning! How 'bout a sizzling-hot Pokémon battle?
I make sure to wake up early, you know? It takes a healthy lifestyle to keep the fire burning!
Yo! Hope you're not overheating. There's still plenty of daytime to enjoy!
Don't forget to eat lunch! You'll be sorry if you're all burned out!
Ah... I think I had too many battles today. I'm all burned out...
Early to bed and early to rise. I want to be ready for tomorrow's battles!
