Hey there, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You're in high spirits today, too, huh?
All right! I have to get stronger, too!
Some designer gave me this outfit when I came here.
I usually don't have too much of a preference with clothes...
But I feel like this outfit helps me focus and makes it easier to battle. Maybe that's just proof that I like it.
This outfit will be perfect for serious battles.
Especially if I'm going to battle a strong Trainer like you.
I usually let my Tyranitar go wild in important battles.
He has high defense, like I prefer—and raw strength for awesome attacks, too.
Tyranitar is the best of both worlds!
If we ever have the chance of battling together, I'll show you Tyranitar's power.
Each Pokémon has things they're good at and bad at.
It's the Trainer's job to identify them and use their strengths well.
If you're tired from a battle, it's important to take breaks.
If you want to get stronger, it's crucial to not exhaust yourself.
Good Trainers are very good at resting up. Always keep that in mind, too.
I make sure to take ample breaks, too.
It might be mundane, but it refreshes you like after a good night's sleep.
Tyranitar and Onix have completely different fighting styles.
It's still a work in progress, but I think it's fun to try to fine-tune your strategies with your Pokémon.
The more you know about your Pokémon, the stronger you'll be, after all.
My Tyranitar is usually docile.
But when it comes to battle, I can trust that he'll go berserk on the opponent.
It makes me glad when I see him battle as much as he likes.
If you ever find yourself in battle, don't hesitate to call me.
I'm starved for battle right now. I want to have one as soon as possible!
Maybe it's because of my new outfit, but I am really feeling motivated.
Don't you ever feel more motivated when you wear new or different clothes?
I guess it's true that the clothes make the man.
Good timing! Here, you can have this.
It should be handy. I hope you put it to good use!
If I find anything else I can give you, I'll let you know.
Defending well means less damage to what you're protecting.
Whether it's for yourself or your friends, good defense is the strength needed for victory!
That's why I pride myself on how sturdy I am.
All the Pokémon with me are the same way. They are proud of their sturdiness, too.
Trainers and their Pokémon work together to reach a goal. That's what Pokémon battles are.
You've become a lot stronger than when we first met.
I saw it firsthand. There's no mistake about it.
Get even stronger and challenge me again! When the time comes, I'll battle you with everything I have!
Battle more Trainers, and gain more experience.
There are a lot of strong Trainers here, so you should be able to grow much stronger.
Of course, you can count on me, too.
Good morning! Do you have any plans for the day? If you don't, it's never too late to think of some.
Morning! I am pumped up today! Let's give it our best shot out there, as always!
I was just about to find some Pokémon battles! Get ready—you're coming with!
I always make sure I get a good meal or two in during the day. If not, my body feels slow and weak!
You're heading out now? Make sure you don't stay up too late.
Oh, hey there. You still awake, too? The sky is pretty gorgeous tonight. You should go check it out!
