Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been looking forward to seeing you again.
If there are walls we have to climb today, let's climb them together!
My Amaura is always on his best behavior, and his skin feels so nice and cool to the touch.
When I look at his long neck, I feel a sense of friendship and closeness.
I feel like he's just as eager as I am.
I wonder what sort of things Amaura can utilize his long neck for. Other than eating food in high places, that is.
I'd love to sit down with him and leisurely debate all of the many possibilities.
One time, a chunk of the cliff collapsed where I was rock-climbing.
I actually found a fossil among the stones that fell...
and it turned into a Tyrunt when I had it restored at the Fossil Lab.
Funnily enough, I found my Amaura's fossil at those very same cliffs.
I wonder how I happened to find my selfish Tyrunt in the same place I found my sweet Amaura...
Maybe our friendship goes above and beyond the walls of our differences.
I get along really well with Siebold, one of the Elite Four of Kalos, where we're from.
He and I are a lot alike in that we're both completely devoted to bettering ourselves and what we do.
I'm sure he's on a deep dive into Pasio cuisine right now, honing his skills as a chef.
All this talk about Siebold is making me miss his delicious cooking.
I'll have to ask him to whip me up something tasty the next time I see him.
This might surprise you, but I have a little bit of a sweet tooth.
I'm trying to maintain my current body weight, though, so I can't have too many sweets.
I limit myself to one slice of cake each week, but sometimes it's so hard to resist.
Then again, that one slice of cake tastes even more sublime after a whole week of not eating any.
Strictly refraining from doing something for a while makes me even more excited to do that thing.
I continue to be strict with myself so that I can savor that feeling!
These stones I use to decorate my hair are all the rage back in Kalos.
I'm the one who started the fashion trend, actually...
Incidentally, that's how I earned my title as a trendsetter and fashion leader in Kalos.
I can be your fashion advisor if you like, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
These hair stones are unique in the same way that we're all unique as people.
When your clothes and accessories are a perfect match for your unique personality— that's TRUE fashion!
I found something nice for you up in the mountains. Here!
You can find a lot of interesting things up in the mountains if you know how to look for them.
That's one of the things I love most about rock-climbing.
Having a daring, adventurous spirit is most important of all.
When it comes to sports, there's no question. But challenging yourself when it comes to food is also important!
I wonder what sort of flavors Pasio has to offer us...
Now THAT'S an adventure I'd dare to get behind!
Competing in the PML is an incredible challenge—a mountain unlike any other I've climbed before.
I wonder what it'll look like at the summit, towering over all the other Trainers. I'd love to see for myself.
That is, after I've climbed over my FIRST wall—defeating you, my friend.
You and your Pokémon seem like you have a really close relationship with each other.
Relationships with Pokémon can change just like relationships with people, though, depending on how dedicated you are.
But with someone as dedicated as you, I'm sure there'll never be any issues.
There are some things you just can't reach, no matter how far you stretch out your hand.
But you never give up—you keep on fighting with everything in your heart.
I feel lucky to have found friends that are as talented and spirited as you and your Pokémon.
Good morning. Are you ready for some early training?
Good morning! It's great weather for rock-climbing today.
Hi there! How's your training coming? Make sure you're thoroughly prepared to climb!
Hi! Let's put on a smile and give it our best shot out there today.
It's getting pretty late, isn't it. I admire you for training hard into the night.
You're certainly working hard tonight! Just be careful not to overdo it.
