I always end up buying things for my Pokémon...
There's just so many things I can buy, I can never make up my mind.
Look! A new product!
Have you been to the shop in the Pokémon Center yet?
Their selection is really good, so I end up buying a lot!
I always take a peek when I'm at the Pokémon Center. Shopping is the best, isn't it?
I'm buying supplies for my Pokémon!
Fortune favors the prepared, after all!
The perfect pair.
We're matching, aren't we?
I took all day choosing!
How is this possible? I chose the perfect pair!
The perfectly cool pair of swim trunks!
I spent all day trying all my trunks on to finally choose this pair!
So how is this possible? I'm the exact same as all the other swimmers!
Everybody has the exact same pair of my perfect trunks!
No, wait. All of us have an undying love for the ocean.
So of course we'd have the same clothing taste! We are all siblings of the sea!
One, two! Three, four!
Warm-ups are basic!
OK! I give up!
You have to warm up before going into the water. That's basic.
Once you have the basics down, next comes application!
Float on the water and relax! Pretend you're a Tentacool, and let the water refresh you!
Once you're recovered, give it your all like a Basculin!
*pant pant* I'm beat! That's enough image training for today!
I want to be that free.
But I'm too conscious of other people.
He's so dreamy...
Behold! My beauty!
The wind feels great!
I just keep swimming forward.
Do you feel that wind, too? Doesn't it embrace your whole body?
He's so dreamy... I wish I could live as freely as he did.
You only live once! And I'm going to live free, just as a swimmer should!
I worry too much about my parents' expectations and how others see me...
The only thing you have to worry about is whether you're living true to yourself!
I decided! I'm going to become a swimmer, too!
I want my life to be something that I can proudly call my own!
I am good at breaststroke, freestyle, butterfly...and, of course, Pokémon battles!
Did I just lose a Pokémon battle, even though I'm so good at them?
Wow, you're strong! I even trained with backstroke and diving!
Fine, I'll swim with a Wailmer on my back from now on for training.
