I've been waiting, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Come on! The ring is calling us!
All right! Time to get pumped! Crash! Crash!
My partner, Floatzel, also loves professional wrestling!
We travel throughout the Sinnoh region and make appearances in matches together!
Now that I think about it, the first time I met Floatzel was in the ring, too!
See, he interrupted one of my matches back when he was still a Buizel!
We've been the best tag team ever since!
You'll meet your best partner in battle someday, too. Just wait!
Or, what do I know. Maybe you've already met!
One of the Pokémon I'm raising is a Quagsire.
Normally it seems really zoned out and it's difficult to tell what's going on in its head...
But once a battle starts, it overwhelms the competition with an amazing display of power!
Its cute look hides a fiery heart! It's amazing!
It doesn't move much, but it's definitely what you'd call a powerhouse!
I hope you can appreciate Quagsire's talent, too!
Gah hah hah! It seems like Crasher Wake is famous even here on Pasio!
But, hmmm. That means I need to be careful and make sure I maintain my image at all times! Don't want to ruin the dreams of the children!
I definitely need to make sure I stay healthy! What kind of wrestler would I be if I got knocked out by a cold, after all?!
Even if you've got a strong body, you still need to take care of it!
Your body is your most fundamental asset, after all!
By the way, did you know I personally wrote the theme song for Crasher Wake?!
Now, let me give you a taste of my amazing singing voice!
Er-hem! Aaah aaah ahh... The ring is my rolling sea. ♪
I've been told that my singing can make babies and Pokémon stop crying!
Gah hah hah! My voice must be more soothing and melodic than I thought!
I've been surprised by a lot of things since I came to Pasio!
The first thing I noticed was the ocean! I love the sea in the Sinnoh region, too, but the water here is really amazing!
Another thing that surprised me is you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You've true muscle!
I hope you keep training those muscles to the max!
Don't worry—Crasher Wake has his eye on you! I'll watch your every step as you grow stronger!
I'm already looking forward to the day you come challenge me in my own ring in Sinnoh!
Oh! There you are! I've been looking for you!
Here! A gift from me! It's all yours!
Gah hah hah! You love it, don't you?
It's a gift from Crasher Wake, after all!
Hey, what's up? You need a sparring partner?
You've certainly gotten a lot stronger than when we first met! You're almost a completely different person!
Your strength is proof that you've been able to keep up with the Wake in your training!
You're turning out well! I'd say you're almost ready to say you're a top-notch wrestler!
Ahem, I mean Trainer! This makes me want to cry tears of joy!
Once the PML is over, why don't we officially become a tag team and take on challengers in the ring together?
I was watching your battle just now! You did good!
It's all thanks to the time spent with yours truly, of course!
You're definitely a proper wrestler now! I'd have you as a main event any day!
What's that? You'd rather stay a Trainer instead of becoming a wrestler?
Oh, don't be shy! Don't worry—I'll make you a supercool mask, too!
Let's see, you'll need a ring name, too. Oh! How about Crasher Wake Jr.?!
Haha! Such a glorious morning! I'm going to have a great workout today—I can tell!
Morning, the perfect time for a song! Hmm hmm hmm hmm hm... What? You're not sticking around for my song?
Hey! Hope you're not getting tired already! Gotta give the day all you've got!
Hey! Great day, isn't it? Just keep at it with all your energy!
I'm about ready to crash, but I've got more training to do! Just a little bit more!
Training before you sleep helps you start tomorrow with a splash!
