Ah, so yeh've come back today, too, eh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
Let's make today another beautiful verdant day!
What I got here with me are my trusty gardening shears. They slice through even the thickest of branches with ease.
I've been usin' these for over 30 years, and the only things I trust more are my Pokémon.
One time, I was using them at night and I was mistaken for a Pinsir, the Stag Beetle Pokémon.
My neighbors thought these were a Pinsir's pincers and went into a bit of a tizzy.
Thank goodness nobody threw a Poké Ball at me.
Those things hurt if they hit yeh in the noggin.
Reading is fertilizer for yer mind.
Just like plants need water and nutrients, people need excitement and surprise.
That'll bud yer heart and cover it in beautiful flowers.
As people age, their hearts are more accepting. Very much like the grass that accepts everything.
And it's this acceptance that makes our land nice and green.
So that you don't go skinnin' yer knee after a little fall.
My Weepinbell has acid that can melt anything down to goop.
His razor-sharp leaves will slice anything in half.
I think I would have been able to be of help had they called me to make the PML stadium.
I'm sure Weepinbell would be a huge help at construction sites, too.
He's a big softy, but he's as strong as any Machamp or Conkeldurr!
A lot of the local sprouts come to play at the Coumarine City Gym.
They use the ropes and nets the challengers climb as a playground.
This one time, though, a tyke's Totodile chewed through the ropes and made the gym impossible to beat.
The Coumarine City Gym is made to be an obstacle course.
I myself exercise at my Gym by hangin' on the ropes, too.
Say, [Name:PlayerNickname ], why are yeh in the PML?
Me? Well, I'm in it for a nice hot cup of tea after a well-fought Pokémon battle.
Reminiscing on the battle makes that one cup of tea exceptional.
I don't know why yeh fight.
But I know that these matches are something that both yeh and yer Pokémon need.
I was takin' care of my trees when I found this.
I'm sure yeh can find some use for it.
The forest ain't just chock-full of good Mother Nature's bounty. It's full of things people dropped, too.
If I find anything else, I'll let yeh in on it, too, sprout.
There are four things to remember when yer raisin' plants, child...
sunlight, water, temperature, and ventilation. Can't give too much, can't give too little.
Overeatin's bad for people, too, right? The same can be said for plants and Pokémon.
Just the right amount. That's the secret to a long life.
Takin' a walk is very much like life. If yeh think about it that way, makes yeh reconsider how yeh walk, don't it?
Light don't always last. Parts of that path are covered in shadows, too.
Same can be said for life. There'll be good that happens to yeh, and there'll be bad.
What's important is how yeh pick yerself up. Yeh have to be resilient like a weed.
There are lots of types of plants. People and Pokémon have their individual traits, too.
Now, yeh ain't gonna get along with everyone. But just remember that yeh shouldn't ever deny 'em, either.
But if yeh accept 'em, they might change, too. Just like a rose can lose its thorns.
Let yer heart be like the swaying willow. That's the secret technique to an easy life.
Interactin' with Grass-type Pokémon is the same as raisin' plants.
Don't think of being slow as a disadvantage. Instead, use yer Attack and Defense to yer advantage.
Yeh give water to strong saplin's, and yeh reinforce the weak ones.
I learned how to raise my Pokémon from raisin' plants. I'm sure there'll be something the plants can teach yeh, too.
Good mornin' to yeh. How yeh feelin' today? Make sure yer always lookin' after yer health!
Us old folk tend to get up early. It's the healthy thing to do.
Good day! Whether yer a person or a plant Pokémon, getting sunlight is vital for yer health!
There are a lot of Trainers out around this hour. Go talk to 'em, battle 'em, and gain experience.
Good evening! Yer workin' hard. Even the grass and trees are asleep at this hour.
A lot of people and Pokémon become more active at night. But don't stay up too late, yeh hear?
