Ah, there you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Where are you going to explore today?
If there's a meadow full of flowers, I bet that'd make Grass-type Pokémon happy!
You know, I'm from the Sinnoh region. We have a myth there that this whole world was created by a Pokémon.
I think it must have been a Grass-type Pokémon!
'Cause, y'know, I can believe what I want, right?
I really enjoy pondering the world that's mentioned in the Sinnoh region's myths.
If it really was a Grass-type Pokémon that created the world, I think that deity definitely liked rain.
I mean, it must have, right? I think it also really loved rich soil, full of nutrients.
I wonder how they choose the plants to bring to an artificial island.
I guess they gather a bunch of plants from all over and then choose which ones to plant.
I want to see if any plants from the Sinnoh region were chosen!
It just occurred to me that there might be plants from far away that we've never seen before.
I'm excited about the Pokémon battles, sure, but I'm also really looking forward to seeing all the different plants on Pasio!
When it comes to Grass-type Pokémon, Roserade is really cool, but I love Turtwig, too!
Watching its adorable little face munch down on leaves—it just made me want to hug it and never let go!
I was wondering if I should actually do that when Turtwig came to me on its own!
Ever since then, Turtwig has been one of my very best friends!
There are certain times where you meet someone for the first time but then your feelings connect as if a flower was blooming between you.
Don't worry—I know you'll have a miraculous moment like that, too, someday!
My Roserade is so cute, I'd love to hug her, too, but I can't.
Her thorns have poison, so I'd be in a lot of trouble if I hugged her.
Still, I love her so much, someday I might not be able to resist and give her a squeeze.
They say beautiful flowers have thorns, but to have poison on top of that...
I think Roserade needs to be less pretty! Not!
The Pokémon I like all have really distinct aromas.
But even then, their scent changes from day to day. I can even tell their mood by how they smell that day!
It's almost like I'm talking to them. It makes me feel like we're really connected, even if they don't understand the words I use.
You know, I'm a little curious about your scent, too, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Hee hee!
Any Pokémon will try to tell you what it's feeling, even if it can't use words. Each Pokémon has its way of communicating.
I think a Trainer's job is to understand how their Pokémon communicate!
Oh, there you are! I was looking for you! I wanted to give you this.
Just thought I'd share! Hold on to it. I'm sure it'll come in handy!
It's the same in nature, you know? You receive, then you give—it's all a cycle.
Don't you think it's romantic?
So, I have a secret to tell. I didn't come here just for the adventure.
I came because I also wanted to overcome my fears.
I haven't really been able to tell my friends that I'm a bit of a coward, but...
I felt like if I told you, you'd help me out.
You see, I'm really, really scared of...ghosts.
So, I just can't handle Ghost-type Pokémon.
Hey. Do you know the Pokémon Pumpkaboo and Phantump?
As you know, I really love Grass-type Pokémon, but...
These two, they're not just Grass type. They're also Ghost type!
I want to take care of them and cuddle them too, so I can get over my fear.
See, I think they're cute. I really do.
But their movements and whatnot are a bit different from normal Grass types, and they scare me a little.
Still, as a Grass-type Pokémon Trainer, I can't just stay scared! Someday I'll be able to cuddle them!
Good morning! How're you feeling? I'm always doing great!
Today is another day where we can give it our all! It helps to say it out loud, you know.
Hey there! Let's keep having Pokémon battles and continue getting stronger!
We're all set and ready to get going! La la la la la la la!
Good evening! Adventuring at night is fun, too. I mean, I'm not s-scared of the dark or anything.
*yawn* I'm getting drowsy! I can't help it, though— all the plants are asleep, too!
