Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Are you burning to battle again today?
You know I'm all warmed up—touch me and you might get burned! Well, let's head out!
In my hometown of Lavaridge, you can walk right out the back of the Pokémon Center and into a hot spring!
You can feel the heat of the earth in the water.
It makes me so hot, I feel like my whole body is made of flames!
I'd love to go on a nice trip to some hot springs with my Pokémon.
Hot springs are good for Pokémon, too! I always bring along some Pokémon when I go for a soak.
My Numel feels refreshed after a soak in the springs, too!
Sometimes you just can't get fired up.
And that's when you've just gotta do it!
Times like those are when it's most important to just go for it!
Weak flames will get blown out easily. You gotta go big when you light your fire!
When you don't feel like you can keep going...
come see me! I'll light your fire back up again!
Some Fire-type Pokémon are so hot, it's tough to pet them.
Slugma's body and Torkoal's shell get amazingly hot!
Be careful not to burn yourself!
Pokémon like it when you show them affection.
Even if they're hot, when you give them just a little pat, they'll know how much you care.
Torkoal and I've been together for a long time.
When you've been around somebody since you were a kid, they feel like family, don't they?
Torkoal's always been there to cheer me up whenever I was feeling down.
I want to show Torkoal how thankful I am, and that's why I'm so fired up to be the best Trainer I can be!
Torkoal's shell is very important to it.
Even when its shell gets hot, I try to polish it.
When I do, Torkoal gets really happy!
Do you like hot springs? You should try stopping by one when you head out on an adventure!
There are all kinds of different hot springs, and they can be really good for you. It's fun to travel around to different ones, too!
Some hot springs let you bring your Pokémon along, too. I bet your Pokémon would like it.
Battling can be awfully tiring, so it's important to rest up and refresh, too.
You might have some way of resting that works even better than a soak in a hot spring for you.
Thanks for everything! This is all yours!
I might forget I have it on me and carry it right into the hot springs anyway. Then it'd be no good to anybody!
You get all embarrassed when you get a present, don't you.
But I'm going to bring you another one when I find something good!
Try not to push yourself too hard.
I was trying too hard to be a good Gym Leader and ended up falling into a slump.
That's when I realized that if I just relax and do things my way, it's more fun and I can hone my skills more easily.
I have my fellow Trainers to thank for helping me to realize that.
It can be tough to do things your own way, but it's not impossible.
There's still so much I don't know...
but I'm here for you, through good times and bad! That's what friends are for!
My grandfather was one of the Elite Four, and I always looked up to him.
But you know, just because you look up to somebody doesn't mean you have to be just like them. I can never be my grandfather.
So now I'm aiming to be the best version of myself I can possibly be!
Just watch me! With you by my side, I feel like there's no limit to how strong and how fired up I can get!
I think I was able to become such good friends with you because I felt comfortable just being myself.
I hope that when I become the best version of myself, you'll have reached that same point, too!
Good morning! A greeting will light your fire for the whole day!
Morning! Guess what! I'm going to start my day with a cold shower!
Good afternoon! The sun is shining! I'm feeling really upbeat!
Good afternoon! How are you feeling? Me? You know I'm on fire!
Good evening! Fire shines especially bright at night. Um, but it's also important to rest!
Good, uh...evening... N-no, I wasn't just dozing off!
