[Name:PlayerNickname ]! You kept me waiting long enough! Let's hurry up and head out on an adventure!
You want to have a Pokémon battle, too, right? I'm fining you a million if you're late!
My dad is Palmer, the Battle Frontier's Tower Tycoon! He's so awesomely cool!
I want to be a cool, tough Trainer like my dad.
Then I'll be able to have Pokémon battles with lots of other tough Trainers!
That's why there's no time to lose! I've gotta get to work!
You'll see! I'm gonna be a cool Trainer just like my dad!
That's why I'm making sure not to slack off on my training or whatever.
Piplup really has a lot of pride.
When I was just starting out as a Trainer, he didn't listen to me at all!
But now my relationship with Piplup is totally different!
Piplup is my reliable ace in the hole now! Makes me wanna puff out my chest with pride!
When Piplup started listening to what I said...
I was so happy that he had finally accepted me as a Trainer!
That's why I decided to get even tougher—for Piplup!
Hey, I've been on an adventure with Staraptor!
When I got on his back, he took off and started flying around super fast! I was holding on for dear life!
But the scenery you can see when you're flying through the air is incredibly beautiful!
Don't you wanna try to ride him once? If you get scared and cry, I'll fine you!
Staraptor is so cool! You can fly anywhere with him straightaway thanks to his Fly move!
But I'm trying to walk more and not fly everywhere. Physical health is the foundation of any tough Trainer!
Don't get the wrong idea! It's not because I'm scared or anything!
I smack right into people a lot when I run. Like...thud!
So I'm trying to think up a way of running where I won't bump into people so much, but it's pretty hard!
I mean, I guess I could just walk, but it's so slow!
I run because I wanna hurry up and get to where I'm going!
I wanna get tougher and tougher. There are still so many things I wanna do!
That's why I've got no time to sit around taking it easy!
But between you and me, sometimes going around the long way can turn out to be a shortcut.
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ], is there anyone you look up to?
Of course I have someone I look up to—my dad, the Frontier Brain Tower Tycoon!
The Tower Tycoon is the toughest Trainer at a facility called the Battle Tower, you know.
If you don't win a ton of Pokémon battles, you can't even battle him!
I want to be cool like my dad! That's the reason I decided to become a Trainer!
Of course I want to beat my dad in a Pokémon battle.
Winning alone won't make me into a cool Trainer like my dad, though.
Hmm, what should I do? I guess I've still got a long way to go, huh?
I will do it, though! Try to keep up, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Hey, you can have this!
I've already got one. One what? This item, of course!
I could learn a lot from the way you use items.
So if I find another good item, I'll give it you!
I've got a friend from Twinleaf Town just like me who's amazingly tough in Pokémon battles!
Battling with you makes me think of that kid.
It makes me wanna win even more!
Let's go together someday. Then we can have a battle with my old friend!
When you've got a really tough Trainer by your side, it gives you confidence!
You can't have a Pokémon battle by yourself, so there's no point in getting tougher if you're all alone.
When you have an opponent who wants to get tougher and battle against you, it makes you so amazingly happy!
Pokémon battles are hard. When you get your directions wrong, you can lose just like that!
When Pokémon are tough, you can be sure they have a Trainer they can count on.
I'm doing my best to keep my precious Pokémon from getting hurt in battle.
I think it's because I've been trying so hard that my Pokémon grew to like me.
There are some things Pokémon can't do and some things Trainers can't do.
If each of them focuses on getting better at the things they can do, they make the toughest team!
Morning! You slept in, huh? I've been awake since yesterday!
I try to take after my master and wake up early! Come to think of it, though, I'm not even sure if he does wake up early...
*yawn* Starting to feel a little sleepy. But I gotta keep going full steam ahead!
I'm definitely prepared for some battling today! There's no way I'll forget anything this time.
Evening! You'd think I'd be tired now, but I'm still wired!
Time for my secret night training! Wait, if you've found me, it's not secret anymore!
