Hiya, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I'm so glad you're here! I've been waiting for you.
I wanted to show you the results of all the new research I've been doing!
A lot of people think Bug-type Pokémon, like Weedle and Kakuna, are creepy.
They don't understand how awesome and cute Bug-type Pokémon really are!
When they evolve, sometimes they look completely different than they did before! It never gets old!
They can go from a superhardened chrysalis to sprouting big, beautiful wings!
Don't you find that super mysterious?! Oh boy, I'd love to expand my circle of Bug-type Pokémon enthusiasts!
When I go to the library, I can never reach the books on the upper shelves, no matter how far I stretch.
I wish I could use String Shot! I could grab a book from up high and pull it right into my hand!
You know what would be even cooler? If I had beautiful wings to fly with, like my Bug-type Pokémon...
I wish I could evolve, like Metapod or Kakuna.
Maybe, when I grow up, I'll completely change my shape, too—just like a chrysalis!
I wish, I wish!
When I grow up, I wanna be just like the world-famous Pokémon professor, Professor Oak!
I wanna be super knowledgeable about ALL Pokémon, not just Bug-type Pokémon!
Oh boy! If I could do research alongside Professor Oak someday, that would be a dream come true.
That's why I've gotta study, study, study so I can make that happen one day!
I'll be rooting for your dreams to come true, too! Let's work hard together!
It's better to have a goal in sight than to run around recklessly. At least, that's what I think.
When I was back in Johto, one of the Pokémon I focused my research on the most was Scyther.
They zip around reeeally fast, so it was extremely hard to catch one.
Then again, the challenge made me that much happier when I did manage to finally catch one!
Most people tend to focus on its razor-sharp scythes...
but the way Scyther's beautiful green color blends into the grass and trees is also pretty amazing, if you ask me.
Do you think there's a Legendary Pokémon out there that's a Bug type?
If you ever hear any rumors about one, promise you'll tell me!
I'd search high and low all over the world if it meant I could meet a Legendary Bug-type Pokémon.
A-and if I did, I'd be the most excited bug catcher in the whole wide world!
If you're searching for a Pokémon, you should never give up! One will appear eventually—if you keep at it!
That's pretty much the story of my life!
I found something neat when I was out catching some bugs. Here, you can have it!
Don't worry about it! It's just a little token of thanks for all the things you do for me.
Sometimes I catch more than just Bug-type Pokémon in my net...
like handy items and stuff! I'll be sure to share what I find with you!
If someone were to ask me why I love Bug-type Pokémon so much...I...I'm not sure how I'd answer that.
They're beautiful, they're cool, they're tough! And, and...
and there are so many amazing things about them that I don't think I could list them all if I tried!
Sometimes, it's hard to explain why you love something.
That's why I want to show everyone, not just tell them, how awesome my Beedrill is! I want them all to see it!
When you see Beedrill's giant stingers and sharp, powerful attacks, it'll be love at first sight!
Whenever we have a conversation, I feel like I just babble nonstop about Bug-type Pokémon and nothing else.
Are you good at listening? You're so easy to talk to.
I hope we can keep talking to each other like this—as friends! That would make me really happy!
I really like you and I really like Bug-type Pokémon, so I always want to tell you all about them!
If you have anything that you really like, you can tell me all about it, too!
Up and at 'em! Those Bug-type Pokémon aren't gonna research themselves!
Good morning. It's so early. How do you have so much energy? I'm still sleepy.
Hey! Do you want to take a little nap before heading out?
Good afternoon! The weather is so nice. We should go do some nature observation!
Gee, look at the time! Sometimes I get so caught up in my research, I don't realize how late it's getting.
Wow, you're out late tonight! Maybe I should put in a few extra hours of research myself!
