Oh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I was waiting for you to come!
Let's learn about Pokémon together again.
I'm looking up all sorts of things about Trainers and Gyms from different regions.
If I want to win the PML, I have to learn as much as I can from old documents.
Humans are creatures of learning, after all!
There are all sorts of things in history—both big and small.
Even small things are important. For example, our meeting will go down in history.
There are Geodude all over the world, but many of them are in the Kanto region.
Those Geodude evolve into Graveler and then into Golem after that.
I always wanted to be a Trainer of a Golem.
In fact, one of my goals as a young child was to train a Golem.
Even a small Pokémon can grow big and strong.
Being able to see that moment is another perk that comes with being a Trainer!
Boulders, fossils, and minerals—aren't they all wonderful?
Just looking at them gets me excited!
These were here before I was born...
and they will be here for a long time after. They're unbudging, absolute objects.
Even a rock can be as beautiful as a jewel or the stars in the night sky.
But you have something that shines just as brightly...
Your passion. That hot, burning passion is something that every Trainer should have.
Nosepass is a beautiful Pokémon!
Her firm stance, her well-featured face...
She is absolutely beautiful, like an avatar of beauty itself.
She is not flashy, but her rugged look is what makes her so beautiful.
I want Nosepass to make her mark on a shiny stage one day, too.
Because Nosepass is still a gem in the rough!
You can see a Trainer's preference even in something as simple as a battle.
I like battles when I can predict the outcome.
But what I like even more are...
battles with you for which no amount of studying could ever prepare me for!
Those battles get so hot that we could melt boulders!
I have so many things I can learn from battles with you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
I just hope that you have something that you can learn from them, too.
I got you a present as a reward for all of your hard work!
Think well of how to use it. It can become anything from exactly what you need to completely worthless, depending on you.
Even if you study up on it, you won't know how to use it properly until you actually use it.
In whatever you do, there's informational knowledge and practical knowledge that you have to consider.
Do you like to study? I absolutely love it!
The more I learn, the more I feel that I am polishing myself...
very much like a rock being polished into a gem, and I love that feeling.
I don't need a break! I love to learn.
But I do want to learn more about Pasio.
Rumors say that there are buildings with fossils in the walls...
Uh, no! It's nothing. Forget I said anything!
Would you like to study with me? The romantic secrets of the rocks?
For example, the fossils buried in the walls... Even living creatures become rocks!
Learning is wanting to know more. That is what is important.
Let's study the mysteries of Rock-type Pokémon together!
To be able to talk with me this much... Are you, by chance, a rock maniac like me?
How splendid! Please be my rock pal!
I have to introduce you to Steven, too! He's also my rock pal!
Please come by the Rustboro Gym sometime and battle me! We'll use our best Rock-type Pokémon!
Hello! Using the morning to plan your day is always a good idea.
Waking up early always makes me feel like something good will happen. Like...maybe finding a rare stone!
Afternoon! I prefer to get my chores done early in the day. It helps keep things efficient!
I always get a bit sleepy in the afternoon. If I'm not careful, I... *yawn* I might not be able to stop yawning.
Hello! I suppose it's time to rest for the night. I hope you had a productive day!
If you push yourself too hard in the evening, it'll affect how you feel the next day. Make sure to set aside some time to rest.
