Pleasure to meet you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Both people and Pokémon have so many experiences in their lives.
Be sure to face the day with a strong spirit.
I am often told I wake up earlier than anybody, but the truth is it's not by my own will.
In the Johto region, there is the Swine Pokémon known as Piloswine...
and it always comes to wake me in the morning, by climbing onto me.
It's quite heavy, and there are times when its tusks start digging into me, too. It can be rather dangerous.
If you find yourself awake early, why not go for a walk?
I personally recommend a stroll along a beautiful glacier. I find it very calming.
Both people and Pokémon go through much suffering in order to become strong.
But that is what makes the joy of victory in a Pokémon battle so sweet.
Just like how the warmth of spring is so joyous after a harsh winter.
When you face true hardship, remember you have friends and allies right beside you.
Your bonds with them are sure to lend you strength.
A long time ago, I placed Seel in serious danger, all because of my own inexperience.
It was at the Seafoam Islands of the Kanto region. Seel had collapsed. It was up to me to save him, but...
foolish as I was, I ended up losing consciousness, too.
That is why I chose to learn from my mistakes and became a teacher of harshness.
Make sure you don't end up like me, child.
Become strong, so that you can protect your precious friends and Pokémon.
My age is catching up with me. These days, my legs simply aren't what they used to be.
But as long as I have this cane—and the company of my Pokémon—I will be just fine.
My Pokémon does more than just help me walk— he bolsters my old heart as well.
I won't be losing to young whippersnappers anytime soon.
Dewgong, Seel, Piloswine, Mamoswine...
Abomasnow, Froslass, Glalie, and Walrein.
They are all my trusted allies. I know they will support me no matter what.
As long as I have them by my side, I know I can hold my own against any young Trainer.
I believe that the seasons represent a person's life, young [Name:PlayerNickname ].
After a hot summer, a calm autumn arrives, and then the harsh winter. But once winter ends...
we are greeted by the warm spring. We can withstand the harsh winter because we know spring is coming.
Even when you are faced with harsh times, you must persevere, trusting that spring will come.
It always does, without fail. You must support your friends as they support you—and wait for spring together.
I found this on my walk this morning. Go on. You can have it.
It is more fitting for you to have it than I. Keep it.
I trust you will put it to the best use.
The way you use items is what matters. Remember this, child...
It is sure to be useful in your life.
[Name:PlayerNickname ], how are you doing these days? You have a braver look than before.
Adventures teach you both fun and harshness. That is why it is important to press onward—but without arrogance.
Having all-out battles with other Trainers is sure to give you the desire to improve.
I see you've gained a fair amount of experience. And yet you have much to learn.
You are one of the more talented Trainers I've met!
But that is why you must have discipline as well. Never forget winter's harshness, young one.
The trick to winning battles? I wasn't expecting such a question from you.
Knowing your opponent is important, of course, but knowing your own Pokémon is far more so.
Understand your Pokémon's characteristics, and turn the tide of the battle.
After that, it's experience that decides who wins and loses. Those who master the type matchups master the battle.
You've grown quite strong. I think now you could survive even the harshest of winters.
But remember, there are still many Trainers who are far stronger than you. If you slack off from battling, you will lose your skill.
I hope you become strong enough to someday help teach others, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Good morning! Is that really the time? I've been up since five.
It's the beginning of a bright new day. Let's continue to do the best we can.
Hello there! Sunny days like these help to soften the harshness of winter, they do.
How are you? Are you giving it your all?
Good evening. The day will soon be over. You've worked hard.
And so another day passes. Be sure to treasure the time you have tomorrow as well.
