Pikachu? Does anybody have a Pikachu?
I want to meet one and rub cheeks with it...
This is an isle of dreams.
Everybody loves Pikachu.
Just by raising a Pikachu, you'd become the center of attention.
There aren't any Trainers with Pikachu back where I'm from, but I'm sure I can meet one on Pasio!
That's what makes Pasio the island of dreams!
I think the secret to a Pikachu's cuteness comes from its tail.
It zigs like this and zags like that. It's just way too cute!
He knows he's adorable...
Look how he's playing with his ball.
I can't take this anymore.
I wish I were the ball that my Seel is playing with.
Roll me around, frolic with me, and ignore me.
Do you understand my feelings? You do, right? That's how much I love my Seel!
I don't care if he loses interest in me and forgets me.
In fact, because I'm there as a point of comparison, Seel looks that much cuter!
I want this... but I want that, too...
I don't have the money.
I know I have to watch my spending, but...
Buying things at the shop is my favorite pastime!
If I see any new Pokémon goods, I can't help but buy them.
If I hear something's a limited edition, I hold nothing back!
I can make money whenever, but I can only get limited editions then and there!
But of course I think money is important.
If I didn't have money, I wouldn't be able to buy new goods!
A great place to relax...
Hmm, would like to make my partner stronger...
Need to coordinate with my team, though...
Are you using the café? You can make your partner stronger or edit your team there.
It's great that it's in the Pokémon Center and we can use it whenever we want!
Go there with your Pokémon and relax sometime!
Heh heh. You know, I enjoy sitting at the café and watching the Trainers come into the Pokémon Center with their Pokémon.
A lot of Trainers walk around with their Pokémon out of their Poké Balls. This place is great!
I just can't win battles.
I must not have enough love for my Pokémon.
I have so much to learn from a Poké Fan.
Pokémon aren't just creatures to catch.
As long as you can stay with your Pokémon...
then they can be a part of your collection!
Now, behold my beloved Pokémon!
Wow, this many! That is amazing!
If you love Pokémon like I do, this much is easy!
But there aren't any wild Pokémon here, right?
You don't have to catch them. If you become friends with me, you can play with my Pokémon whenever you like!
You just opened my eyes!
Come over to my house sometime. We have plenty to talk about!
