Well, if it isn't [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Looks like I don't have to ask if you're ready or not.
Don't push yourself too hard, all right?
I'm a cop in Alola.
But Alola's a really peaceful place. Thanks to that, I get to take it easy.
Even though there are plenty of things going on around the world.
The police mascot for Alola is a Granbull.
I personally think a Meowth wouldn't be too bad, either.
Compared to other places, Alola has some funny-looking Pokémon.
Even my Persian looks different from the ones you're used to, doesn't he?
Alolan Persian have nice round faces.
I know that Alolan Persian are rare around these parts.
I like both Alolan and normal versions, but I personally prefer the fluffier Alolan ones.
You know the Pokémon Honchkrow and Krookodile?
They've got some scary looking mugs, but you wouldn't think so if you saw them smile.
You can never know anything about a person or a Pokémon just from a glance. When you have a chance, take a good look at those around you.
What?
You won't get anything out of gazing at me.
Pasio is nice and all, but I'm not really used to being far from home.
What sights to see, what food to eat... I have no idea what to do.
In the end, I slack off just like I do in Alola.
Things never changing is definitely a source of comfort...even if it does get boring.
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]... No, it's nothing too important.
I noticed that Pasio doesn't have a Sushi High Roller around.
I wanted their Z-Kaiseki Ronin Set, but I guess there's nothing I can do.
If you ever find yourself in Alola, I'll treat you to it.
I heard that Kalos has a Sushi High Roller.
But apparently they're a little different from the one in Alola.
Hold out your hand. Here, you can have this.
Whether it's of use or not is up to you, though.
No point in a guy like me hanging on to something like that.
But you're different. If I find any again, I'll make sure to give them to you.
Uh...
If you need anything, let me know. I can at least hear you out.
You look like you have a lot on your plate.
You might even have stuff that you can't do all by yourself.
You'll tire yourself out if you're always in a rush.
Taking it easy isn't as bad a thing as people might tell you.
You're getting really strong... What are you planning for the future?
Trying to get even stronger is fine, too... But that's a really long path.
But seeing how steadfast you are... It makes me think you just might be able to make it.
I'm an old man. I try not to have dreams anymore.
As long as young kids like you enjoy yourselves, that's all I can ask for.
Out for Pokémon battles this early, huh? Me? I'm just loafing around, I guess.
You're out and about pretty early. If you've got something to do, better go get it sorted.
Hmm, already midday. You can train as hard as you like, but don't overdo it.
Hey there. If you're up for Pokémon battles, do them while it's still light out.
Careful now. The paths around here can be hard to see at night. I guess you'll be fine with your Pokémon, though.
It's already pretty late. Once you're done with whatever you're doing, you should head home and get some sleep.
