Oh, hello, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. I hope you're faring well today.
I'm feeling quite blissful today! The happiness of my Pokémon tends to rub off on me.
When you wander the land as I do, you get the chance to chat with all sorts of different Trainers.
Some want to be stronger—some want to gain a closer friendship with their Pokémon.
What they wish to achieve with their Pokémon varies a lot depending on the person.
But one thing they all share in common...
is the incredibly strong bond they have with their Pokémon.
Blissey and I have traveled far and wide together.
After all this time, our sync strength must be strong indeed.
When I'm out on a journey, if I ever feel close to breaking down and giving up...
I think about you and my Pokémon and I suddenly feel energized and ready to press on again.
It's good for Trainers to remember that our Pokémon are always by our side.
Never forget that, all right? The people around you are always there to support you when you need it.
The Old Chateau was a really frightening place, even with my Pokémon there beside me.
But you know, the only reason I am who I am today is because my Pokémon was there for me.
Trusting and believing in your Pokémon is so, so important.
My Blissey's egg makes everyone smile, no matter who they are!
Sometimes she even lets me hold it. Feeling its soft warmth in my arms really puts me at ease.
It feels like holding a little ball of happiness!
If you're ever feeling worn out, you should try borrowing Blissey's Egg as well. I'm sure it'll make you feel much better.
Did you know that my Blissey can immediately spot when I'm feeling down?
She has such a kind heart. Just having her by my side makes me feel 100 percent better.
Sometimes it's good to loaf around and relax with your Pokémon.
You never know—you might discover a new side of your Pokémon that it doesn't show during battles.
For example, if Blissey cuddles me when we're taking a nap, I sleep like a baby!
Pokémon are all so fluffy and cute, but...
it would take some courage to take a nap with a Wailord.
I usually do all of my hair styling myself...
but sometimes Blissey really wants to do it for me.
The results aren't always the most polished, but I let her do it anyway because she looks so cute when she's excited!
I have really long hair, but it's much easier to deal with when it's braided like this.
Funnily enough, Pokémon are attracted to my braid as it sways while I'm walking. It makes them want to pounce!
Does it make you want to pounce, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I had a dream that I was riding on a Pelipper on an adventure through the clouds...
and when I woke up, I was holding this in my hand.
Isn't that odd? I suppose stranger things have happened.
Maybe I'll find something even nicer in my hand the next time I wake up from a nap! Tee-hee!
I've been having so much fun recently.
I mean, relaxing and taking naps with my Pokémon is great and all, but...
going out and exploring with you recently has been such a delight!
Adjusting our strategies to match our opponents, battling side by side... It's all just so exciting!
I find myself thinking about our next adventure all the time now!
There are some opponents I would be a little worried about battling by myself...
but if we challenge them together, I feel confident that things will work out somehow!
My Pokémon aren't just cute—they pack a lot of punch as well! Tee-hee!
I have a friend who's an incredibly talented Pokémon Trainer.
Meeting that friend is actually what helped me realize how much I enjoy Pokémon battling!
Even now...I'm just itching to go out there and find someone to battle with!
I'd love to make more friends who enjoy Pokémon battling like I do.
I mean...it would be nice if we could be friends.
Or rivals! Rivals are great, too!
Good morning! I hope this is a happy day for you!
That scent in the air when you wake up early in the morning is the scent of adventure!
Hello there. Why don't you take a few deep breaths with me and enjoy a slow day?
This is the time of day when my Pokémon and I have the most energy!
Good evening! I think it's almost bedtime.
I know you're working very hard, but if you stay up too late, you or your Pokémon could fall ill.
