Hello...[Name:PlayerNickname ]. It's so nice to see you.
I'd been hoping I would run into you soon!
I have all sorts of beautiful Grass-type Pokémon back in my hometown.
Every one of them is full of life and energy. We spend most of our days free and easy at the Pokémon Gym.
I wonder what my dear Tangela and Victreebel are up to right now...
Whenever I leave my Gym, I can't help constantly worrying about the Pokémon I left behind.
What if my Pokémon turn the inside of the Gym into a wild jungle while I'm gone?
Dear... That would be so adorable of them...I would probably just leave it that way!
There's nothing more adorable than a stubborn sprout—or more charming than a fuss-free blossom.
Spending a relaxing, carefree day with such lovely Pokémon. Is there anything more heavenly?
As a Trainer, I find my most precious moments are the ones I spend with my Pokémon.
My Gym is full of nothing but plants and Pokémon.
I can easily spend the whole day just taking care of them, helping them to grow strong and beautiful.
There's always so much work to do! We find it hard to get everything done— even when we divide up the labor.
It's a very busy job, but the delightful fun we have makes it all worthwhile.
The climate sure is lovely here on Pasio. My partner Pokémon is enjoying it as well.
As for myself, well...I tend to get very sleepy whenever the weather is sunny.
Dear... Sometimes I blink my eyes and it's already the next morning.
My Pokémon is even stronger after it has spent some time absorbing the warm sunshine.
I would love to show you some of that strength personally, but I...
I'm afraid I'm...a little too sleepy at the moment.
Zzz... Zzz...
When I'm out for a stroll through town, I often end up taking the long way round.
But whenever that happens, my dear Vileplume always shows me the way back home.
Vileplume remembers the roads much better than I do, in fact! She really is a lovely little Pokémon.
My dear Vileplume has been by my side ever since she was an Oddish.
After all the time we've spent together, we've gotten to know each other so well.
[Name:PlayerNickname ], are you familiar with flower arrangement? It's a hobby of mine.
You know, I've always thought that flower arrangement and Pokémon battles share something in common.
Selecting certain flowers to arrange together in order to create something more beautiful...
is a lot like selecting certain Pokémon moves and battle strategies in order to obtain victory, wouldn't you agree?
The desire to cultivate something in order to reach a certain goal is an idea that both of them share.
If you'd like to learn more about the art of flower arrangement, I would be happy to show you a little.
It can help improve your concentration as well as lift your spirits.
I actually have a class where I teach flower arranging. Feel free to come by anytime.
Oh my! I'm so glad you're here.
I'd like you to have this. It's a present from me.
Oh dear! Thank goodness I ran into you.
I'm sure I would have forgotten to give this to you had we not crossed paths.
You seem to really enjoy Pokémon battling a lot.
When I watch other sync pairs battle, I can see how much fun they're having.
And when I battle with you, my heart dances with joy.
I discovered something remarkable about your Pokémon battles.
Whether an individual wins or loses a battle, everyone has a delightful expression on their face.
I think that maybe your ability to share your fun with others is another type of strength.
To battle is to weave various elements together, ultimately leading to victory or defeat. No two Pokémon battles are exactly alike.
I find a sort of beauty in that, which I'm conscious of even in battle.
One could say that I'm enjoying the art of battling, so to speak.
The beauty of battling is a fleeting one. Blink and you might miss it.
Think about it—you can never enjoy the same battle twice.
But it's that fleeting, momentary joy that brings color to each and every day... That's how I like to think about it.
Good day! The morning sunshine feels so nice.
Good morning. Lovely weather, isn't it? Shall we take a stroll?
Hello... Oh dear... I must have dozed off. Is it nap time?
Hello... The warm midday sun makes me sleepy. I'm afraid I might doze off...
Oh dear... Good evening. I get sleepy at night...
Good evening. It's dark already. Do you have something you need to finish today?
