Alola, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! How goes it?
I think I'm gonna start a new sketch.
... ... ... ... ... ...
... ... ... ... ... ...
... ... ...
Oh!
Oops! Sorry, I kinda zoned out there. Sometimes I just get lost in my thoughts.
Being able to focus and concentrate helps a lot with painting, too.
Painting is pretty much my life. I've loved doing art forever.
It's one of the reasons I came to Pasio, actually. I wanted to see all of the beauty this place has to offer.
Whenever I paint or sketch people, I feel like I somehow get to know them better.
I wanna get to know everything about you, your Pokémon, and Pasio, too!
Back in Alola, we have this Pokémon called Shiinotic.
The way they move their little bodies around is really unique—I make them the subject of a lot of my paintings.
Although, if you stare at them long enough, you'll start to get sleepy.
Anyway, if you ever come across a Shiinotic, take good care of it! And be careful you don't end up dozing off.
Shiinotic have kind of an odd look about them, but I promise they're all really nice!
Oops. I think I got some paint on my face. Guess that's proof I painted something rad!
When I get super focused on my work, sometimes the paint flies everywhere and I end up looking like a canvas myself!
I'm not kidding! When the paint's flying around, that's a good thing! It's fun getting covered in paint.
I mean, sometimes I put paint on myself on purpose. Helps to get me in the mood. Kinda like a good luck charm or something.
If you get paint on your face, do you look in the mirror before you wash it off? I'm always curious to see what I look like.
I mean, getting paint on your face can be like a piece of art on its own. You just gotta wash it off in the end.
My Granbull has a pretty scary-looking mug, but underneath that, she's really just a big scaredy-cat.
Once she warms up to you, she'll snuggle and play all day, though. Such a cutie pie.
When Granbull was just a little Snubbull, she sometimes used to gnaw on my paintings.
It took me a while to figure it out, but she actually did that when she was really happy.
I guess now I know my Granbull loves my paintings! Heh heh.
I'll have to keep painting more and more stuff if I want to keep her happy!
Hey, do you think you could come and find me after the PML's over?
It's just, like, I think you have a really beautiful heart, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
It would make me really happy if I could sketch you and your Pokémon. If I could capture your hearts in a painting.
I wonder what color palette would best represent that pure heart of yours.
Heh heh, I guess that's for me to know and you to find out! I'm excited to start.
Pasio's chock-full of interesting stuff! I came across this a little while ago.
I wanted to give it to you as a present. Here, have at it!
Don't lose it, OK?
I'm sure it'll help you on your journey.
Alola! Well, well, aren't you a ray of sunshine today.
Oh. That just gave me an idea for a new painting. A nice, happy one.
I'll start sketching it out right now. You're gonna love it.
Life's pretty easygoing back in Alola. Great weather, lazy days...
Everyone's always got a smile on their face. The people, the Pokémon... It's pretty infectious.
I've got my friends Ilima, Mallow... Oh! That reminds me, I need to go meet up with Sophocles!
Man, I love my friends.
Wha—?! Wait, stop right there! You can't come over here right now!
I'm finishing up a super, super important piece over here! Sorry!
Yeah, I know I'm always painting. But this one's really special, OK?!
I don't wanna ruin the surprise! So no peeking, OK?! I mean it!
Hmm... The last finishing touches are super important, but I'm not sure where I wanna go with it yet...
W-wait a sec! I thought I told you no peeking! Sheesh, all I want is to keep my painting a secret.
I wanna make sure I do us justice— me and Granbull, you and your Pokémon, our cute, smiley faces...
Wait! That was supposed to be a secret! You didn't hear any of that, OK?!
Mornin'! The breeze feels nice. Hey, let's go find a good spot to sketch.
Mornin'! One thing I like about traveling is trying out the local eats.
Nice light! Wanna go out and sketch?
When the sun moves, so do the shadows. Gotta be careful when you're painting!
I got super sucked into my drawing, and when I looked up it was already dark!
*yawn* I'm gettin' kinda tired. I think I'm gonna call it a night.
