If it isn't [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I'm so happy to see you here!
Keep up with your training! If you do, you'll surely get stronger and stronger!
It's like the whole town is celebrating with the PML! No matter how old I get, this still gets my blood pumping!
Strong Trainers from regions all over are gathering here.
I'm here to prove that I'm still in my prime when it comes to battling!
I'd be more excited if that old duff Oak were still competing, too, though.
But enough about me.
My Gengar's mouth is huge.
She eats a lot and loves to laugh. She's a real lively one.
She's gentle and cute. Such a good Pokémon!
She does like to make mischief, too, though.
When she tries to sneak up on me for some sort of prank, I have to be quick on my feet to dodge her.
For Gengar, being mischievous is just how she plays with me. By now, I'm used to it.
Pasio is the place to be right now, but night will fall here, too.
Even in the brightest of light, there is always darkness lurking nearby.
On nights when shadows seem to move on their own and cold winds are blowing, take care to watch for what's behind you.
Mind that ominous lights don't come to steal your soul away.
How well can you handle Ghost-type Pokémon, child?
They can sense a weak heart and will take advantage of it. You must always have a strong heart.
Once you've grown close to one, there's no longer anything to be afraid of.
Golbat in the Kanto region look scary, but when you get used to them, they can be quite sweet.
They'll come right down and land on your head and give you playful little bites.
If you're not watching them closely, though, they'll start to suck your blood, so you have to keep an eye on them.
For as big as their mouths are, Golbat have pretty short fangs.
But you still need to be careful around them. Their fangs are thick, so it's tough to get them out once they've sunk them into you.
Although that is one of the things I find cute about them.
Why did you decide to become a Trainer, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
As long as you have a good reason, you've got nothing to worry about.
Believe in yourself, don't forget what you're doing this for, and keep moving forward!
Keep on battling no matter how old you get!
That old duff Oak chose to use his talents on research instead. What a waste!
If you're a stronger Trainer than other people, you should keep battling as long as you live!
Aha! Great timing—I have something for you.
This is one of my favorite items. I'm sure you'll be able to put it to good use.
Some things never change.
Like people and items!
I've been having Pokémon battles for a very long time.
I've had times when my skills couldn't cut it.
But you can't give up at times like those! You have to keep battling again and again until you win!
If you give up, you'll never grow as a Trainer!
You're still so young, and that's precisely why you have so many more battles ahead of you.
So take on as many of those battles as you can. That's the only way you'll get stronger, child!
There's no doubt about it!
When I was young, I was reckless at times, and I had the perfect rival.
And now I've got you youngsters.
I wonder how much fun I'll have against you.
The man I accepted as my rival was really strong.
And now he's just some old duff...
Well, at least you've got some pluck. I don't think you'll turn out like him.
You're not a Trainer if you don't battle! He really is such a waste of talent...
Good morning, child. Make sure you train hard today!
Did you sleep well last night? I hope no wandering Pokémon came by to eat your dreams.
Remember—even during the day, darkness is just around the corner. Don't let your guard down.
How's your training going? Don't forget to take a break every now and then.
If you're outside on a dark night, remember to watch your back and never trust your shadow.
My Pokémon's energy always shoots up as soon as the sun goes down.
