[Name:PlayerNickname ]! I have been waiting for you. You have a good glint in your eye today!
Make sure to keep training! Hoo hah!
Hitmonlee's kicks can shatter boulders!
That is power that can only be born from his limber body.
As a martial artist, I aspire to the flexibility that Hitmonlee possesses.
I hope I can kick like him one day, too.
To learn the skills your Pokémon possess...
will lead to more deeply understanding your Pokémon.
I enjoy training. In fact, I have few other hobbies.
The joy of pursuing strength comes with its share of hardships.
But even then, I have one thing that soothes my tired body.
Spas! The Ember Spa is the best!
I soak in the springs while I think about the next day's training routine.
Absolute bliss! You should come with me sometime!
Machamp, just like his name says, is a champion!
He's also been my partner since my younger days!
We exposed ourselves to harsh environments and communicated with our fists.
And ultimately, the bond that was born has been between us since.
Machamp's power is an inspiration to martial artists everywhere.
He is also the perfect example of a honed body.
If it leads to me becoming stronger, I'll eat and drink anything. I have no preference in taste.
The only exception is the Rage Candy Bar! Rage Candy Bars are the best!
A great flavor that rejuvenates my tired body after training. The rushing energy!
Such unspeakable joys... I wish I could teach you those joys, too...
The moment you chomp down on one of those bars!
Absolute bliss! The one moment I do not want to be disturbed. All this talk is making me hungry!
Training, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? Good! I like seeing honed Pokémon!
I can sense strength from you as well! But do not be satisfied with that!
The way I became a member of the Elite Four was by wanting to battle strong Trainers!
Every day is a lesson! And there is no end to learning!
Maybe this time, I'll try to train you! I believe in your potential!
I will train you until you collapse from fatigue!
This is a gift from me to you!
Use this and train even harder!
No need to thank me! Just get stronger!
Do you like candy bars? I personally love them!
I especially like the Rage Candy Bars sold in Mahogany Town in the Johto region.
You should try them out sometime! I promise you won't regret it! Rage Candy Bars are the best!
There are plenty of people out there much stronger than I am.
And in the same vein, there may be a candy bar out there that is better than a Rage Candy Bar!
If I find any on Pasio, I will definitely let you know!
To be strong is to always look up and never stop.
To never be satisfied, to humble yourself, and to always aim higher...
That is how you will discover your true strength!
The top of the PML is not the final goal! It is only a checkpoint!
I will keep believing in my possibilities and keep charging through my limits!
And once I've gotten stronger, I want us to battle each other!
To our hearts' content!
If you have no plans for the day, you are welcome to join me in my training.
I'm ready for a steaming hot shower now that my morning workout is over.
True discipline is not accomplished in a day. Constant training over time is key.
All that intense training earlier has given me a mean appetite...
Exposure to the cold night wind is no good. You must take care of your body above all else.
Huh, it got dark so fast. Time to wash off the day's sweat with a dip in the hot springs.
