Good to see you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I knew you were a Trainer I could count on.
I can't wait to see how you navigate your Pokémon through Pasio.
Just how many years has it been since I became one of the Hoenn League's Elite Four...
I've battled so many Trainers like you over the years—young and full of hope with a deep love for their Pokémon.
What always gets me fired up the most is when I bring out my ace card—Salamence!
Everything that I am as a Trainer I've poured into my Salamence.
When a Trainer is strong enough to make me bring out ol' Salamence, it makes my heart pound with excitement!
Salamence and I have been training together since he was just a Bagon.
Since we've been together for so long, we know a lot about each other, such as our favorite colors of Pokéblocks.
Kids catching Pokémon are so adorable.
I saw one recently that was so cute, I decided to say something. But that kid was scared of me and ran away.
Briney has mentioned it from time to time, but do I really have such a scary face?
Maybe I should practice making nice faces sometimes so that adorable kids don't hate me.
Hmmm, let's see... Like this? No, no, no... Like this, right?
This is tough. How can I get a happy, smiling face like yours?
A long, long time ago, a Pokémon saved my life.
I fell overboard and was about to drown when a wild Dragonite rescued me.
I felt I needed to repay that majestic Pokémon in some way, so I vowed to become a Trainer.
Spending my youth with a Dratini I encountered after that is one of my treasured memories.
It's the relationships between Pokémon, people, and nature that make our world what it is.
For the Dragonite that taught me that, I'll keep on being one of the Hoenn Elite Four for as long as I can.
I've got an old friend in Hoenn. The way he handles a rudder is quite impressive.
Why, I can still remember all the times we set sail together like it was yesterday.
Cherish your friends. Someday, the time you spent together will become wonderful memories.
I wonder how ol' Briney and Peeko are doing.
In our day, Briney and Drake were names that echoed throughout our hometown.
It's good to set ambitious goals for yourself, [Name:PlayerNickname ], but don't overdo it.
A goal can be like a massive wave, and getting over the top can seem like an impossible task.
Just keep getting over as many small waves as you can. The experience will be of great value to you.
I sincerely hope that the path you're on is the right one.
It's up to us adults to serve as a lighthouse, guiding you as you make your way. You can always count on me.
Oh, it's you. Perfect timing!
I've got a present for you. Use it to improve your skills as a Trainer.
A ship at sea will be buffeted by the waves.
And those waves have brought that gift to you.
Back when Briney and I were trying to be the greatest sailors in the world, we used to spend a lot of time talking.
We talked about all kinds of things and sure did have a lot of fun.
Especially that one time... Hahahaha!
Hey, don't give me that suspicious look!
I talk about all kinds of things, but it was really just about ships, like arguing over which one we should set sail on next.
Yes, Briney and I have been crazy about ships since way back.
And now I feel the same way about Pokémon.
What do you think? Do you want to have some fun talking Pokémon with me?
Let me tell you, [Name:PlayerNickname ], Hoenn is a great place—full of beautiful nature and, more than anything, a nice place to live.
When you've gotten a little stronger, we should go visit it at the same time.
I know you're a Trainer I can count on, so it shouldn't be too far off in the future!
When you do make it there, I'll already be waiting for you as one of the Hoenn League Elite Four!
Just because you make it to me, don't think that I won't go down without a fight!
And because it's you, this ol' Drake will give you everything he's got!
Looks like you had a restful sleep. A good day often starts after a good night, doesn't it.
The sea is calm this morning. Seems like a good day for sailing.
Already afternoon. Fine weather like this makes me want to go for a sail.
Don't waste away your afternoons. Time is limited, after all!
Make sure you rest well for tomorrow. Your Pokémon will worry if you're not shipshape.
Don't force yourself to stay awake if you get tired. Heed a little advice from an old sailor.
