Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been waiting for you!
In for another training session with me today? Let's see what we can make of it!
Pasio is so unusual and exciting!
The world is beyond anything I ever imagined, let me tell you.
It's special. Wonderful!
Compared to the size of the world, we're both little tykes, eh, kid?
There's got to be so many Electric-type Pokémon in this world that I've never seen before!
Just thinking about it makes me very, very, very, very, very, very...
very excited! You get me?
Between you and me, kid, I'm a huge fan of the Pokémon Pikachu.
It's a world-famous Pokémon, and, well, I'm in love with it, too!
Just thinking about its adorable little face... It's so good! ...Huh?
Oh, of course I love Raichu, too! It's really cute—but it packs a punch, too! It's perfect!
I'm looking forward to meeting lots of Trainers with their Pikachu and Raichu here on Pasio, too.
If you see one, report it to me—on the double!
Want to hear a story from me? Well, I used to have a Voltorb that was actually quite a coward. Disappointing, right?
You'd be surprised, though. Just because it was easily scared didn't make it weak.
My cowardly Voltorb would always notice even little dangers and hazards!
In fact, that's how I got my reputation as a super-cautious electric soldier!
Even things that might seem like a disappointment can turn out to be really good.
It's all about variety—about how everyone's different. Trust me on that.
One of the reasons why I train my Pokémon so hard is because I want to make sure I strengthen their good points!
I have plenty of treasures—things I would never want to lose!
I train hard so that I can protect my treasures!
In fact, I became a Pokémon Trainer to better protect my treasures! It's important to never forget your roots.
I'm not afraid to set traps or install multiple locks for my room! It doesn't matter if people call me a coward!
Sometimes, you've got to ask yourself, what is today for?
It's something you and I have to keep asking ourselves, every day!
Hey, you ain't bad, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. You're a good kid.
I want things to turn out well for you. Really, really well!
So, a word of advice: Enjoy your time with your Pokémon! Have lots of battles—and most importantly, make lots of friends!
I've come across lots of different treasures. The variety is shocking!
If you can gather a huge number of treasures— and keep them safe—that's proof that your strength is the real deal!
My Pokémon knocked over a trash can and... Surprise!
It had a little gift—perfect for you, kid!
Ha ha, I'm joking about the trash can bit, kid! Did you take me seriously there?
Sorry, sorry! I'll give you more presents now and then—give me a break!
Your Pokémon battles are fantastic, kid! Absolutely electrifying!
It feels good when you're doing well and enjoying your battles.
But it's important to not let your guard down— especially when you're on a roll!
It's very dangerous to lose focus during Pokémon battles!
The most important thing for victory is caution!
Whether on the battlefield or in Pokémon battles, caution will save the day!
Pokémon battles are something that both adults and children can get passionate about!
No matter where I go in the world, Trainers are always battling each other!
It's definitely a lot of fun, but you can't do it without love for your Pokémon!
Pokémon aren't just tools for battle, after all!
I think you can show the world, kid!
Show everyone that you can become happy by forming a strong bond with your Pokémon!
Mornin'! Good Pokémon Trainers should be up and ready at the crack o' dawn!
Mornin'! I'm just going for my daily run. It's the best way to stay fit!
Ten-hut! How's your energy, kid? I'm always fully charged!
Hey! How's it goin', kid? Better not be slackin' off!
I don't care if it gets dark. My Pokémon can light a spark anywhere, no sweat.
Evenin'! I'd love to hit the rack, but my Pokémon keep zapping me.
