Ga ha ha! The mountains and oceans of Pasio!
Where there is nature, you will find a hiker!
I don't even need clothes! I want to feel nature with my whole body!
Not just the mountains. The volcanoes, forests, caves, and glaciers...
Pasio is such a colorful place!
I can hardly believe that this island is completely man-made!
I bet a lot of Pokémon helped in building it!
Pasio isn't an exception. Other places all have their strong points, too!
And you have to feel that with your whole body! That is real exploring; that is real adventure!
Look at him shaking...
His tiny hands are so charming, too...
And when he tries to hug you, he vibrates.
My partner is Palpitoad. He's the Vibration Pokémon. He makes crying children tremble!
If you hug him, you can feel his stomach vibrating.
He's a lot more effective than an ab stimulator!
He's also cool and damp in the summer, so I can't recommend this Pokémon enough!
Palpitoad has a very charming face, doesn't he?
Whenever I see his face, I can't help but feel at ease.
Rock-type Pokémon are the embodiment of adventurous spirit!
Ruggedness! Real outdoorsmen ought to be rugged!
Strength of mind and body is vital in the outdoors!
Yeah, no matter how you shake it, I like Rock-type Pokémon.
It helps that I see them the most when hiking in the mountains, but that's not the only reason.
More than anything, it's those rugged bodies.
Take a look at a Golem, and you'll know what I'm talking about.
Rock types are hard, sure, but they aren't invincible.
But I think that just adds to their charm.
I want to know more tricks on climbing.
I suppose I should ask a grown-up.
I want to hear more from Mr. Hiker.
I've gotta say...
it makes my heart sing to see young people interested in hiking.
Pokémon that are born on the mountains are strong.
Learn the routes that Pokémon on the mountain use! That makes so much sense!
Ga ha ha! The same can be said for the oceans and forests, too!
There are even stories from other places in which wild Pokémon help lost children get home.
I really have to watch for more Pokémon on my travels...
Make sure you ask other Trainers for advice, too. And if you want to know about mountains, I'll answer any of your questions!
Thank you so much! Let's go hiking together sometime!
I like it! You remind me of myself when I was younger!
I'm a hiker... I might be big, but I'm a coward...
I guess we can have a Pokémon battle if you want, but go easy on me, OK?
I asked you to go easy on me...
Could you be a little...nicer next time?
I'm chasing my dream, and I'm fighting for a victory!
I can't catch that dream!
My dream is to research the artificial mountains on Pasio so I can create my own someday!
Ha ha ha! That's right. Men are hopeless romantics no matter how old they get.
One two, one two.
Live on the mountain, and love the mountain.
That's me! A hiker!
Ga ha ha! Aren't the mountains great?
The air is clean, and the waters are crystal clear!
And the Pokémon battles are hot! Right?
They're hot!
That's the ticket! Here I go!
Not really.
Oh, come on.
Ga ha ha! The mountains are great! The greenery is beautiful! The clouds are beautiful!
Pokémon battles really are hot, aren't they.
My strength is fragile!
I guess I still have a ways to go!
