[Name:PlayerNickname ]... Good to see you again...
I hope we can enjoy our time together...
I depend on my Arcanine a lot...
Since I was little, I've held her while I'm going to sleep...
She's fluffy and warm... It's a strange feeling, but she makes me feel at ease.
I want to be with her forever.
No matter how far away she is, she'll always come if I call her...
My Arcanine is truly dear to me...
Weavile is a Pokémon you can find in the Sinnoh region...
And a friend of mine... We traveled together.
It has sharp claws, but it's actually quite sweet and playful. I think it's adorable!
If you ever come across a Weavile, it would make me happy if you'd show it some affection, too.
It's nice to touch the cool body of Weavile when it's warm out.
But it doesn't like it if you touch it too much...
If a Trainer doesn't give good commands, Pokémon get hurt in battle...
That's why I want to get better at battling.
And it's fun for me and my Pokémon when we battle with you.
What I can do is just a little...
But I used that little bit of strength and got here.
I... I don't like to talk because I'm afraid I will accidentally hurt someone with my words.
That's why I choose my words carefully... But then my responses take too long.
But I don't mind talking to you like this.
I think it's because you listen to me...
Perhaps you're interested in me?
If so, I'll share a little bit more about myself.
I think I like Pasio... There's so much good food and fun things to do.
Most importantly, I get to battle with so many Trainers...
Being close to you, I feel like I can get stronger...
I might have said some embarrassing things.
It's truly difficult to say what you mean...
That's why I think it's wonderful to be able to be genuine with your words.
Here, this is for you. Please take it.
I thought you might like it... That's all.
I don't need anything in return.
It's just a thank-you for always being there...
Arcanine is always with me when I go on an adventure.
She has taught me so much.
That's why...I want to give her something special...
If I win the PML, will that be a good gift for her...?
I've been with my Arcanine since she was a Growlithe...
She comforts me. I don't feel lonely on adventures if I'm with her.
I don't like to talk, so I've always kept my distance from people.
But...you've always been there for me, even when I kept my distance...
And I started to enjoy talking...just a little...
I want to get better at talking because I want to know more about you.
I've always chosen my words carefully so as to not hurt anyone.
I wonder if I can stop worrying about it so much when I get more comfortable talking...
Good morning.
Did you sleep well?
Hi. Is there somewhere you want to go? Can I join you?
Just having you around makes me happy.
It's a bit late, but I'm happy I get to spend more time with you.
Nighttime can be lonely sometimes... But when you're around, it's not so bad.
