Oh! Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Maylene here, reporting for duty!
Let's fuel up with some healthy food and get right to training today!
Whenever we do yoga training, my Meditite helps me out like an instructor!
Although now that I think about it, I really just copy whatever she does...
Meditite's a pretty tough instructor, though! She's always on hard mode, even when she knows I'm trying to copy her.
Pokémon have their own personality quirks, just like we do.
Treasuring those unique personality quirks is our job as Trainers!
You can tell a lot about a person by the way they fight using martial arts.
You can figure out what they're fighting for, why they learned the moves they did...
and whether they aim to protect or hurt.
The same is true for Pokémon battles. I can just sense it...
I know what my opponents are fighting for.
I practice martial arts and train for Pokémon battles to better myself.
I know it's kind of selfish. I wish everyone would push themselves to achieve something great.
I've done a lot of rigorous training, so the cold and the heat don't bother me at all.
I mean, the training itself can sometimes be pretty grueling...
but in the end, I can make it through all of that because my Pokémon are there beside me.
If I complained all the time, I'd feel bad for my Pokémon.
Sometimes my training regimen is so tough that I just want to give up.
When that happens, my Pokémon and I take a break and play to our hearts' content.
Letting go and having fun for a while recharges my energy for next time!
I really want to fight against you in a martial arts match, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Not an actual fight! You know what I mean, right? A standard match with a set of rules.
I've been trying to figure out why I want to fight you so badly, and I think it's because I want to get to know you better.
I'm pretty sure that's gotta be the reason.
I'm not really all that great with words, but what I'm trying to say is...
I always get this warm, happy feeling when we battle each other, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
I got you something! It's yours if you want it.
You should use items if you have them! They're no good if you hoard them forever.
Sometimes I feel bad if I have to use my items...
and because of that, they just end up in a big pile... It's bad—I know.
I've thought a lot about what makes a good Gym Leader and how I can be better in the future.
I've never been able to find a good answer, though... I still don't really have a clue.
But I feel like the longer I'm with you, the closer I'll be to finding that answer.
When I look at you, the way you always give 110 percent of your effort to everything, especially Pokémon battling...
you make me want to get up and take action rather than worry and overthink things.
I still don't really know what makes a good Gym Leader, but you know what? I'm just gonna do the best I can!
One of my best friends is actually a Gym Leader, too, like me!
She gives me a lot of advice, and we have a lot of Pokémon battles.
Oh! Of course you're my friend, too, silly! I care a lot about you both!
I'm really glad I decided to team up with my Pokémon. We've really put our hearts into training.
Without Pokémon battling, we never would have met you or any of the other amazing people we've gotten to know.
If I'd stuck with martial arts alone or only focused on Pokémon battling, none of this would have been possible.
All of my memories and experiences up until now have become my greatest treasure!
Morning! I like to start my day off with some jogging!
Good morning. Gee, I'm so hungry, I could eat a whole Berry tree!
Yo! I recommend weight training for an afternoon workout!
Maybe I'll splurge and have some snacks today! Nah. I gotta stick to my training regimen!
I discovered that if I do stretching at night, I end up sleeping better!
If I'm hungry before I go to sleep at night, I dream about food. You can pig out all you want in a dream, after all!
