There you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Now we start our training!
Practicing every day is the key to becoming the ultimate Trainer!
The PML! A battleground that only the mightiest of warriors are allowed to set foot in!
No other festival could make my spirit tremble like this one does!
I shall participate, find all of the strong Trainers, and overwhelm them with decisive strength!
This is a battle to perfect our strength! Even Conkeldurr is more tense than usual!
Now's my chance to show the world the results of my training!
Conkeldurr and I will support you and your Pokémon to the limits of our strength!
Mienshao is a Pokémon that uses a graceful martial art.
Elegant and efficient movements! That is the secret to Mienshao's strength!
I refer to their efficient movements when I train as well!
Power isn't just being bigger or physically stronger than your opponent.
Being able to generate maximum force with minimum movement! That's what leads to victory!
Concrete has become a necessity in modern construction.
With good reason, too! It's hard and sturdy and withstands the rain and wind while towering over all of us.
Upright, pure, and elegant intensity!
You feel this from concrete, too, don't you?
It's said that Conkeldurr is the one that taught us how to make concrete.
In a way, Conkeldurr is wielding his own power when he commands and controls concrete!
At my core, I am a martial artist, and what is most important to a martial artist is spirit, technique, and body.
A spirit that will allow you to hold on to your convictions... A technique that you hone... A body that is hardened through training...
These three elements are the key to strength! And those are what I focus on!
Engrave that into your spirit and body. That will be your first lesson!
I have styled my hair so that it does not impede me during training or fights!
Long hair can even get in the way of your opponents.
Grooming yourself is also important for combat, and I make sure to groom myself regularly!
I have a master. Alder is his name.
He is the oldest Champion in Unovan history, and he represents what I aim to achieve!
I always have and always will strive to be the best!
I will defeat both Master Alder and you and continue training for greater heights!
I have sworn to dedicate my life to the last breath to perfectly honing my skills!
My strength is not a means to any end.
My aim is to hone and perfect my own strength, and that is my only aim.
That is my motivation. No, that is my life itself!
Here, you can take this!
You even made me acknowledge your strength. That is why I want you to reach greater heights along with me by whatever means you can!
Conkeldurr and I are both seeking out strong Trainers and Pokémon.
The two of us are looking forward to how strong you will become!
I've gone all over the world single-mindedly pursuing strength.
That's when I met Master Alder. He taught me the wonders of pursuing strength, and thus I became a member of the Elite Four.
You have a peculiar power to make me remember those days.
A spirit that desires strength and the will to know what it means to be the strongest... I can sense you possess both.
I know you will become stronger, but I will not lose to you!
Because that spirit and that will are just as present in myself as well!
Even if I lose a battle, as long as I have gotten stronger, I consider that a victory against myself.
With that in mind, whenever you battle, look at your opponent, look at your Pokémon! And most importantly, look at yourself!
You can become much stronger! And if you do, I can become even stronger as well!
What I desire is a battle with a Trainer that has the perseverance and strength of will to be true to themselves!
And you're true to yourself and your convictions. That is why you are able to become stronger!
Now let's be off!
Ah, it's morning! Time to stand tall and surpass the weaker person you were yesterday!
If you're still sleepy, go splash water on your face. I guarantee it'll wake you right up!
The sun is high. Now is the time to train! Focus your mind and body!
Try to maintain good eating habits. A healthy body is a must for martial arts.
Night is the perfect time to reflect and center yourself. Meditation is yet another part of training...
Rest is an important part of training! Don't overdo it. Take a break when you need to.
