Power is important, but support is, too, right?
I'm not alone. I'm going to do my best with my friends.
I want to live up to everybody's expectations.
My Pokémon and I specialize in healing and raising stats!
I'm not really good at attacking, but leave support to me!
I always come through in the end! You can count on me!
If things aren't going well, just remember me...
because I'll always be in your heart! Ha ha! Just kidding!
Keep your hopes and dreams in your heart!
Let them shine bright like a rising star!
You can keep going! Don't look back!
I know the kind of Trainer that I ultimately want to become...
and even if my goal seems impossible, I'll never give up hope!
I'll reach my dreams and surpass them!
That will be my life's work!
If you ever lose sight of your dreams...
just remember the person you wanted to be. Envision the future self you aspired to become.
I hope I can make a lot of new friends on Pasio, too!
New friends just make us betta, y'know?
Havin' a rival is always wicked cool, too!
Ya gotta watch your buddies' backs!
Whetha it's with a Pokémon or anotha Trainer, the powa of bonds is wicked strong.
I mean, when yiz pull off a sync move? Aw, just fugget about it!
And more importantly, it's just wicked fun!
Yiz and me? Yeah, we're already friends!
Ah, but yiz my rival, too. Don't yiz fugget that!
I can do this! We can do this!
I just can't get enough of Pokémon battles!
Meh, it'll work itself out.
I lost a battle the other day. Man, that was frustrating!
So I thought about it, trying to figure out what went wrong.
But I couldn't figure it out. Was it our coordination? Maybe my Pokémon and I are a bad match...
The other Trainer probably just did more research than I did...
There are a lot more things I don't understand, but if I keep at it, it'll work itself out! I'm sure of it!
I'm sure there are plenty of questions that can't be answered no matter how hard you think.
But not letting that stop you is the sign of true strength!
I want to be an Ace Trainer, just like you!
One of these days, I hope I can be as cool as you!
Well, it'll probably take a long time, but...
Well, that's a lot of pressure you're putting on me. Ha ha!
Oh, your gaze, brimming with expectations...
Yes! Look at me more! Tell me how cool I am!
What should I do when I have more than one opponent?
There were so many, I got dizzy. So I ran away!
If you calm down and scope out your opponents, you'll find the right target.
But but but... How will I know which Pokémon to target?
Think of the type of move you are using.
Oh, right! I have to pick the Pokémon that my own Pokémon will have the advantage over!
Aw, man, I have such a way to go! I want to be like you faster!
Uh, well... Keep at it! Remember, you can always ask me anything!
Well, well, well! Do you really think you can beat me?
Well, well, well! Wait... I lost?
Well, well, well... You're pretty good!
Just kidding! I figured you would be this strong!
But I couldn't run away, could I? That would be really uncool!
Oh gosh! I am so good, it's becoming a burden!
I...I lost? How?
Hold on! You're way too strong!
You're probably stronger than the Elite Four! You might even win the PML!
Ha ha! Don't worry—I'm not trying to hustle ya!
