There you are! I was waiting for you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
We can't get this party started without you! I'm counting on you today, too!
Pinsir is my bro. We've communicated—him with his pincers and me with my fists—so many times we understand each other perfectly!
Clashing with body and spirit will allow anybody to understand each other.
Even if we can't talk to each other, Pokémon are humanity's best friend!
If you want to be friends, you gotta butt heads a few times!
So if you got something on your mind, don't hold nothin' back. Come at me!
I'm the Frontier Brain that tests your knowledge.
I know it's hard to imagine with me lookin' like this.
But knowledge ain't just somethin' you get by studyin'.
In order to experience everything, you need to have a honed mind and body to handle it!
Everything is connected. Nothing you do is ever a waste!
You gotta know what you're good at. That is what's gonna lead you to winning.
Looks like there are a lot of areas that we still don't know about on Pasio.
I gotta study up if I want to keep my title of Frontier Brain!
If you find any area information, let me know. I wanna go with you.
I can't stand not knowing something!
And there are still plenty of things I don't know out there.
That's just frustratin', ain't it? That's why I want to know more!
Back at the Battle Frontier where I'm from, you fight each other with Pokémon that you rent.
So you and your opponent are on an even playing field! If you can't think outside the box, your opponent will read you like a book!
No matter what hand you're dealt, you gotta bring all your Pokémon knowledge to battle!
You're tested on how well you can utilize rented Pokémon!
Even if you're usin' Pokémon that you're not accustomed to, as long as you know about 'em, you can be strong!
If you can know your partner Pokémon's moves, characteristics, and how it fights, that alone gives you a connection to it!
These guys on Pasio sure are fun! They battle in ways I've never seen before!
There are so many things I would never have been able to experience had I stayed in Hoenn.
I gotta take this opportunity to study up!
You should do the same, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
If you ever need help, you can count on me!
I'll never be cheap with knowledge! Watch and learn as much as you can!
I promise you won't regret it!
Here. This is for you!
You probably need this more than me. Use it well!
Whoa whoa, what's wrong? You're gonna go win a Pokémon battle, ain't ya?
If you ever need my advice, you just gotta ask!
With our knowledge and experience combined, there's nothin' we can't handle!
If you ever get stuck, don't just stop!
Try everything, and build up your experience! Then use that knowledge to get results!
All I can do is help. You need to find your own resolve to get those results!
I see that all your efforts, big and small, are definitely making you stronger.
Once we're done with Pasio, come by the Battle Frontier!
With your skill, you'll make it far. I know it!
Most don't make it through the Battle Frontier with force alone. 
But you? You might even be able to win the entire thing!
If you're gonna challenge us, though, you'd better be ready to go wild!
Morning! Time to start the day off with a spark!
You're looking a little sleepy there. C'mon! I'll wake you up!
Hey hey! You look like you're doing good. Keep it up, and keep it going!
Hey! C'mon! Let's get out there and do something!
Just 'cause it's late doesn't mean I'm out of energy. C'mon! Try to keep up!
You look like you're still ready for more. C'mon! Let's keep at it!
