Time for Lady Korrina's big appearance! And look! It's [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Let's make today a fun one!
Come on, together now! Let's make today a super fun day!
Hey! Lucario said he wants to give you this!
He said he sensed an aura around it. Here, check it out!
Lucario and I found this for you, so it's bound to come in handy!
Why the long face? If you're bored, why not practice some tricks with me?
And by tricks I mean awesome skating moves!
Getting a trick just right gives me the same thrill as winning a Pokémon battle!
Once you get a handle on your balance, you can do tricks during battle and call out instructions on even the roughest turf!
So? What do you think of my tricks? I love doing awesome tricks during battles. It's what I'm best at!
If you ever want to see more of my magnificent tricks, just challenge me to a battle!
I'm practicing my kicks and punches to deepen my bonds with my Fighting-type Pokémon!
This allows me to give the best possible instructions for their powerful moves in battle.
My Pokémon are my life, so I want to grow stronger along with them!
What? You want to know how strong I am? Well then...
take a good look at my super special move! Rolling axe-kick!
That should give you a pretty good idea of how strong I am!
You know, Lucario and I have been two peas in a pod ever since he was a Riolu.
We're more than friends. We've been so close for so long that you could even call us family.
Lucario just has to be near me and then I can sense how he's feeling.
Right now, for instance, I can sense that he's buzzing with excitement!
I mean, the whole city's bustling with activity in the wake of the PML, after all!
Lucario has been itching to participate in the spectacle as well!
Pokémon are just so mysterious and fascinating and cute, aren't they?!
Of all the different Pokémon types, I've always loved Fighting type the most.
We train together each and every day to become stronger! Isn't that awesome?!
I'm really excited to see all of the Pokémon that will be appearing in the PML.
All of the amazing, cute, powerful Pokémon and their Trainers...
But I'm excited about us the most, of course!
You have such an amazing bond with your Pokémon, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Watching you two makes me smile.
I mean, it's plain to see how delighted your Pokémon are by what you do!
I can tell you're very considerate of each other. You're always moving toward the same goal.
I know that because Lucario and I are the same way! 
When I see a Trainer and a Pokémon with a really tight friendship...
it always brings a smile to my face! It really is amazing to witness!
You know, this time I really want to prove to myself that I can be stronger.
Since becoming a Gym Leader, I've been challenged to Pokémon battles by a ton of different Trainers.
But I want to be the one who makes the challenges again.
I want to prove that my Pokémon and I can be number one.
Trainers and Gym Leaders alike come from all over the world to test their strength at the PML.
That's the reason I don't think my challenge was a mistake.
No matter how old you get or what your day job is, every Trainer wants to master their skills and be as strong as they can be!
That's why everyone puts so much effort into the competition.
Hey, do you think it's possible to climb to the top of the arena?
I was just thinking about how nice it would be to gaze up at the sky from a spot so high up.
When I stare up at the sky, my heart feels light as a feather... I feel like I can do anything. It's a really nice feeling.
In my hometown, there's this big tower called the Tower of Mastery. Once, I climbed to the very top to remind myself to keep chasing my dreams.
You know, so I wouldn't forget where I started. When I first gazed up at the arena, I felt that same feeling inside of me.
Good morning! Glad to be here!
Hi! Good morning! Start off the day with some cheerful greetings!
Hey, are you hungry?
Do you smell something tasty? Or is it just my imagination?
Good evening! Roads at night are dangerous, so be careful!
It's night already. Maybe I'll gaze at the moon.
