Hmph. Back again, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I'm hoping you'll do your best to entertain me today.
My love for Dark-type Pokémon first began with my Umbreon.
Her elegant, piercing gaze and beautiful courage won me over immediately.
It wasn't just her looks, though—she can put up an incredible fight in a Pokémon battle.
Feint Attack, Foul Play, Torment... Our tactics must be infuriating for the Pokémon on the other side of the battlefield.
But I love the way so many Dark-type moves work to outwit and counter the opponent.
It's kind of hard to put into words what it is about Dark-type Pokémon that fascinates me so...
They're so wild and adorable... *sigh* Words just don't do them justice!
I normally spend my days in the Kanto region battling with the eager Trainers who come to challenge the Elite Four.
All sorts of Trainers come to test their skills against me, but my Dark-type Pokémon and I usually have them in the palm of our hand.
When it comes to tactics, the possibilities are endless—depending on your Pokémon's type, moves, and passive skills.
Knowing that your opponent uses Dark types isn't enough. Getting to know your own Pokémon and forming a strategy around that is key.
A lot of people think that Dark-type Pokémon don't play fair and square because of the way their move names sound.
But understanding move effects and utilizing your Pokémon's strengths isn't something that's unique to Dark types. Not by a long shot!
I hope that you learn something about Dark-type tactics when we battle each other.
We all know that type matchups can give you a huge advantage in a Pokémon battle... but they're not always a must.
Once, I was challenged by a Trainer who insisted on battling with the first Pokémon they ever received, regardless of type matchups.
The first time we battled, I was victorious, but the next time they challenged me, they beat me fair and square.
In the end, type matchups may be important, but sometimes victory can be achieved using something more precious than that.
I admire a Trainer who can stand firm and stick to their beliefs.
It may be a bit self-centered, sure, but it means they've got the power to do something great. I like that.
Hmph... I guess you're not half bad.
Unless my eyes deceive me, I think that Pokémon of yours is going to be great someday.
Pokémon grow so much stronger when they know their Trainers love them, you see.
It's rare that another Trainer catches my interest.
Take that as you will.
[Name:PlayerNickname ], your Pokémon looks...so very dashing today.
You and your Pokémon have the same spark in your eye, you know.
Remember the way you feel right now, and use that positivity to propel you forward.
I like to measure up my opponents, then take them down with the perfect counterattack.
It seems like you've already found your own battle style as well.
Have you been using your items effectively? Here, you can have this.
It's a present. It's a, uh... *giggle* Well, you'll see.
How do you like your present? I'm sure it'll come in handy for you.
Knowing how and when to use items during a battle is key.
There's no such thing as a strong Pokémon or a weak Pokémon, as far as I'm concerned.
Every Pokémon is unique in its own way— it's up to the Trainer to figure out how best to utilize that.
Any trait can be turned into an advantage as long as you love and encourage your Pokémon.
Even if some people might call them weak, I never give up on the Pokémon I love.
It's precisely because I love them that I'm able to see all of the good in them.
Then again, I'm sure none of this comes as a surprise to you.
If you're someone who gets caught up in the desire to win so much that it drains the fun out of battling for you...
sorry, but you're failing as a Trainer. That sort of mind-set is just not OK.
Why, you ask? Because the battles that are fun for both you and your Pokémon are the ones that will lead you to victory.
You should always have fun when you're battling, no matter what. Sometimes that's easier said than done...
but I get the feeling that's not an issue for you. I can see that you and your Pokémon have mutual trust and affection in spades.
Just stay true to yourself and continue to have fun battling just the way you are.
One day, maybe we could face each other in a spectacular battle as well—you doing what you do best and me doing the same.
I'm not really a morning person, you know? I'm doing my best just to keep my eyes open.
It's not good to sleep in late, you know. I suppose that's your prerogative, though.
Have you eaten yet? A healthy meal before battle is key.
As soon as the clock hits noon, my Pokémon is itching for battle.
The starry sky is such a wonder. I could gaze up at it all night.
I do love the night...but it's never good for a lady to miss her beauty sleep.
