'Sup, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been waitin' for ya, dude!
I'm always down for a swim or a Pokémon battle, dude. Either one'll do!
Yo, you know how much I love the ocean, right? Can you believe I actually almost drowned once?
It's true! Just when I thought I wasn't gonna make it, I got rescued by one o' the Caring Pokémon, Alomomola.
I was barely conscious, but thanks to Alomomola's rad healing abilities, I made it back to safety.
I'll never forget how the membrane on its back felt while it carried me to shore— soft and slippery but kinda warm, too.
I wonder how that Alomomola's doing these days...
The ocean's full o' friendly fishes! I love 'em all, dude!
My Carracosta's shell is suuuper hard, dude!
A while back, he accidentally bumped me in the face...
Man, I was NOT expectin' it to hurt like that! It felt like concrete!
If I hadn't been wearin' my goggles, things coulda gone reeeal bad!
Be careful out there, all right? Don't be reckless, dude!
I'm a true man of the sea! When I'm not workin' at my Pokémon Gym, I'm usually out swimmin' somewhere!
Some people tell me that bein' a man of the sea isn't a real job, though...
I mean, I know that... Duh. But I love the sea more than I love food, dude!
I dunno how else to say it...
I just keep doin' what I love to do, yo!
That's my motto! Do what ya love!
Man, I love the ocean! The beautiful, big, open blue!
And it's got sooo much life, too!
The ocean's seriously epic, dude! I can't get enough of it!
If I could be that epic someday, that'd be pretty gnarly.
When things get tough, I just stare out at the waves and they wash all my worries away.
Life is meant to be epic, dude!
The beaches in Unova are rad, but the ones here on Pasio are pretty epic, too!
I've got this righteous dream, dude— to swim in every ocean in the world! Wicked, right?!
I'm plannin' to swim every inch o' these beaches while I'm here!
You should come swim with me when you feel up to it, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
If you wanna get a real feel for what the ocean's like, swimmin' is where it's at.
You can even race against Pokémon, dude! It's totally awesome!
Whoa! There you are! I've got somethin' for ya!
Use it whenever you feel like it!
You don't gotta be a hoarder, either. There's more where that came from, dude!
Dude, the sea is seriously huge! Yeah, you probably already knew that...
But listen! It looks gigantic on the surface, right? But there's so much underneath that you can't even see!
I mean, all kinds o' rivers feed into the ocean, and the ocean just takes 'em all in, no questions asked!
That's how I wanna be! Openhearted and accepting of others, just like the ocean.
When I'm swimmin' in the big, open ocean, I stop carin' about all the stuff that worries me on land.
I know what I wanna do and who I wanna be, yo!
I wanna be epic! I wanna be openhearted! I wanna be a true man o' the sea!
I try to always judge things with my own two eyes, you know?
I mean, who's a good person? Who's a bad person? That's somethin' you've gotta judge for yourself!
If you let somebody else make that judgment for you, you might miss out on something awesome one day, dude.
If you see somebody in trouble, you should help 'em out, no questions asked!
Even if another dude tells you they're a bad person, that shouldn't stop you from helpin' 'em out!
That's how I live my life, dude! I believe it to my core.
'Sup, dude! Ready for a mornin' swim?
Hey, you an early riser, too? Stayin' healthy is no small thing!
Whoa, look at that sunshine! The sea's almost sparklin'!
Yo, what are you lazin' around for? Up and at 'em!
Dude, it's wicked out tonight! I'm down to head out one more time, if you are.
You're out pretty late tonight. It's good to take breaks, you know!
