Oh! Been a while, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You look different, like you're ready to go all out now!
I wonder what grand adventures await us today! Come, it's time for some fun!
You know, people speak in a most peculiar fashion in this city! I noticed that on other islands in Alola as well.
My own venerable grandfather is the only one I had to emulate growing up, so I am not familiar with your hip, groovy slang.
"Hip" and "groovy" are modern slang words...right?
Well, either way, I have gotten used to saying them now, and that's not likely to change.
Ho! Well met, friend! Such fine weather we're having today, don't you think? Wait, no, GROOVY weather, huh?! 
*sigh* This is more difficult than I thought. Perhaps big city slang and I were not meant to mix!
The bond I share with my Mudsdale is not merely that of Trainer and Pokémon!
He lets me ride on his back, of course, and he carries heavy cargo. He lends us his strength to plow the fields.
The farm would never survive without Mudsdale's help! Shoot, life on the island just wouldn't be the same without him!
My grandfather always used to say people and Pokémon were made to help one another— I really feel the truth of those words now!
There are some hurdles I can't jump over alone, but together, my Mudsdale and I can overcome them all!
And before we know it, we are covered from head to toe in mud! Two peas in a pod, we are!
There was this one time, before I was the Island Kahuna...
I was taking a stroll along the beach when I felt an odd squishy sensation under my toes— I had accidentally stepped on a Gastrodon!
Some purple liquid was oozing out of it, so I leaned down to see if it was hurt—and it started healing itself right before my eyes!
The heartiness of that little Gastrodon was truly a sight to behold, I tell you!
The texture of its gooey body and its cry were so...edgy. Ahh, I'd love to see one again.
Before I was chosen to be an island kahuna, I journeyed throughout Alola to prove my worth to the guardian deity, Tapu Fini.
And that got me thinking, what if I extend my journey beyond the Alolan islands? Around the world!
That is how I came to participate in the PML here on Pasio.
I wonder how my grandmother and the others are getting on back in Alola.
I will have a thousand stories to share with them when I return home!
You are a truly devoted Trainer, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! There's never a dull moment when you're around.
Sometimes, when we're together, I feel as though a hidden power deep inside of me is awakening!
Hmm! Hapu's hidden power. Anything could Hapun!
Hmph! On second thought, forget what I just said! It was not as punny as I thought.
It'll be our little secret! Promise you won't tell a soul!
Good puns have a way of sticking into your memory like glue.
If you ever come up with a good one, do share it with me!
Oh! You came at just the right time. I was just thinking of giving you this!
Whenever I go out on strolls, I tend to pick up new ideas and occasionally some knickknacks!
Here, don't be shy! This is my way of saying thank you.
You never fail to surprise me when it comes to Pokémon battling.
However, you are still but a rough-hewn stone. As an island kahuna, I feel it is my duty to guide you and polish you to greatness!
What? Oh, I meant no offense, friend!
There is still much for me to learn on my own journey as well! We shall learn and grow together!
There is so much that we can still learn. The world is an open book!
The more you learn, the more you grow!
Hmm. There is still so much I do not know about this place.
I did not come here for sightseeing, but journeying around the world like this is a remarkable experience, indeed!
Are you familiar with this area? It would be grand if you could show me around sometime.
I want to go back to my grandmother and the rest of the family with plenty of stories to tell!
If you happen across any extraordinary tidbits, be sure to let me know!
My trust in your recommendations is absolute!
Ah, you're awake! Having to tend to the fields every morning has made me an early riser.
It is good to wake up early! You should make the most of the time you have!
Good afternoon, friend! Now is the time to relax and take a stroll.
Alola! This is how we greet people in my hometown.
On the island, things get quite sleepy once the sun goes down. But I think I can hold out a little longer today!
Good evening! I have heard that at night the city never sleeps! But I am sleepy!
