Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Riding a wave today, too?
Anything can be training! So what should we do today?
Makuhita's power is amazing! He trains all the time without me having to say anything!
Although, long ago, we had an argument...
Hahaha! I suddenly got sent flying.
His body may be small, but it's packed full of power and he's got a lot of guts.
With a tenacious Pokémon like that around, I soon formed a rivalry.
It'd be great if you can find a partner like that, too!
I love to go surfing! I've trained my body so I can enjoy riding the rough waves!
Planking is good for paddling! Push-ups are good for improving your takeoff!
Squats and marathon running are effective, too!
Even if you can't ride the waves, don't give up. Training your body requires heart!
When I say heart, I don't mean the organ.
I mean that passion in your heart. That feeling of being honest with yourself.
I'm from Dewford Town. It's a small island.
The island's pretty small, so we're all like family there. We're all bound by some incredibly strong bonds.
We all help each other out. We can stand against even the strongest of waves. 'Cause we've got teamwork!
When there's a problem in Dewford Town, people from all over the island come to help!
Whether Dewford Town's strength lives on depends on you! Ride that wave as best you can!
If you ride that wave... the rest will work itself out somehow!
Hitmontop is a Pokémon with a really unique kind of fighting pose!
I use the feeling of the balance of that excellent pose as reference for surfing.
I can tell just by looking at you, you'd be captivated by its pose, too!
There's a lot of things you can learn from studying Pokémon!
Who we are today is thanks to Pokémon!
[Name:PlayerNickname ]! We meet again! Call me when you can't ride those sweet waves!
A long time ago, I used to relax with my training partners a lot!
The best break from working out is more of it! And a Pokémon battle is the best thing for that!
A long time ago, I used to train together with one that had a love for Rage Candy Bars and a fiery passion!
I'm waiting for the day when we can communicate with our hearts!
Hey, it's you! I found something pretty good!
I found this under a rock I was pushing for training!
It's something great, right? Don't be shy. Use it however you want!
Look! Look at these biceps! These pecs! These traps!
Muscles are obedient! If you train them, they will answer you!
Put love into it, just like with raising Pokémon! That's the secret to muscle training!
Waves will take anything you throw at them! Muscles are the same!
We say "mother ocean," so are our muscles like a mother, too?
Nah, wait. We're the ones raising them, so we're the mothers? Or maybe fathers?
Hm? That's not the point? Hah, I say weird stuff sometimes!
The trick to getting better at surfing... is to have a stout heart!
Pokémon battles are the same! Even if your real ability isn't enough, don't lose in your heart!
Don't just train your body—train your heart! That's what it means to be truly strong!
As long as you remember that, you can ride any wave, no matter how rough!
I love high waves and the salty breeze from the bottom of my heart!
When the sun's summer rays are beating down, I put my training to the test!
And when I finally ride that wave, I'm filled with an overflowing sense of accomplishment!
I want to share that feeling! Don't you want to try out surfing?
Morning! You'll wake up in no time when you start moving your body!
Hey! Wanna join me for a jog? The morning breeze is cool and refreshing!
Chilling on the beach in the afternoon, waiting for good waves... That can be fun, too!
Weather's nice and the sea is calm. It's a perfect afternoon for some training!
It's so nice listening to the sea at night and hearing the tide roll in.
It's nice to cool off a bit at night. Make sure you're ready to hit the surf tomorrow!
