Hee hee hee, I've been waiting for you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Come on! Each day of training counts! You have to give it your best today, too!
Pokémon that use Psychic-type moves tend to be a little strange.
Back in the Hoenn region, I met the Clay Doll Pokémon Baltoy when I was smaller.
It didn't move at all, so I got curious and decided to keep watching it.
But then it suddenly let out a loud cry! It was like that was a signal or something. A whole bunch of Baltoy started gathering around!
I only barely managed to run away before I got swallowed up in the swarm.
My Lunatone acts strange sometimes, too. When it's a full moon, it starts spinning around really fast!
I tried to get it to settle down, but it won't stop. I wonder what that's all about.
Lunatone is my friend. It's been with me for a long time!
It's really important to me—just like the moon itself!
It's so big and pretty! It's a wonderful family member to me!
Hee hee, Lunatone seems like it's in a good mood today!
I don't need telepathy to tell what it's thinking. We're family after all!
There are lots of things I really like!
I like Lunatone, of course, and I like you, too. I like so many things, I can't count them all!
But right now, I think I really like Pasio's toy stores!
Time flies when I visit, even if I'm just looking!
If I spend too long looking at toys, sometimes Lunatone gets jealous.
Hee hee, isn't that silly? Of course Lunatone is more important than some silly toy!
It's a lot of fun to jump around riding Spoink, you know?
Spoink's tail is like a spring, and he can use it to jump really high!
But I need to be careful, 'cause sometimes he moves so quickly I get thrown off!
You need to get the...knack? Yeah, the knack of it.
Jumping around with Spoink is fun, but you can only do it when you're a kid because adults are too heavy.
I need to make sure I have all the fun I can!
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ], can you hear me out?
These days, I've started thinking about you more. Like, how you're doing or...
what you're up to... That sort of thing.
I think that's why our combination's getting better, too!
Never mind our combination. I just plain enjoy being around you!
It's exciting when I think about what adventure we'll have together next!
Here's a present for you, since you're always working so hard!
I think it'll be useful to you!
I'm your friend. Of course I can tell what kind of thing you want!
I know you'll use it well. That gift comes from my heart, after all!
Tate and I sometimes help out with experiments at the Mossdeep Space Center!
They say our psychic powers are useful for the experiments they perform.
And so we're always happy to help out!
Besides, if we help out...
they buy us toys as rewards!
I'm not helping out with the experiments just for the toys, OK?
That's just a bonus! I really just want to help out the people in the Space Center!
It's true!
I've always teamed up with Tate till now, but...
I've learned a lot through teaming up with you, too!
I always thought that my combination with Tate was perfect 'cause we were twins.
But I think I realize now there were a lot of times when Tate worked to stay in sync with me.
Just like how you try to keep in time with me!
Next time, when I team up with Tate again...
I think we'll be able to show an even more powerful combination!
Good morning! Nice day, isn't it.
I'm still not awake yet...
Hello! Nice weather puts me in such a good mood!
Let's play a lot and battle a lot!
Good evening! What a beautiful moon tonight!
I feel the power of the moon at this time of night.
