Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I had a feeling you'd show up, so I thought I'd wait for you.
Man, I've been waiting so long now, I'm practically a fossil! Kidding, kidding...
Both my dad and I are Gym Leaders, you know.
I've always loved Pokémon that are tough and strong like boulders...
but my dad favors solid, heavy, steel-like Pokémon.
You probably think they're really similar, but trust me—I'm an expert on these things. They're totally different.
And I mean TOTALLY different. I mean, a lot of rocks appear the same, but in reality, no two are exactly alike.
How do you tell them apart, you ask? Well, how about you figure that out yourself? That's really the fastest route.
Whether or not we share the same love for rocks and stones, it would make me really happy if you showed some interest.
Back at home I work at the Oreburgh Mine.
I work hard to hone my drilling skills at the mine so that someday I can achieve my dream:
to build a massive tunnel system that connects the whole world!
How about you? Are you chasing a dream? Forging your own path and working as hard as you can to make it happen?
I hope maybe someday I can use my tunnels to connect Pasio to the rest of the world!
I'll have to dig pretty deep to create an underwater tunnel... But I'm up for the challenge!
The island of Pasio was built on top of a rocky ocean layer. I wonder what sort of hidden treasures lie beneath the surface.
If I could get permission somehow, I'd love to do some excavating here!
You'd be interested, right?
It's settled, then! Time to come up with a plan for our official Pasio excavation tour!
I wonder who we need to get permission from. Well, time waits for no one! We've got lots of planning to do!
Wait... I've already got a ton of other locations I'd like to excavate, too! I think I need to sort out my priorities first.
My dad has a friend named Riley.
He's a bit of a mystery, but he's a real solid Pokémon Trainer.
I wonder if he's here on Pasio as well... It would be awesome to meet up with him.
You'll know Riley when you see him! He wears a fancy blue suit and a nice blue hat...
so he tends to stand out in a crowd no matter where he is!
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
The Pasio lifestyle sure has piqued my interest so far!
There's still so much I don't know!
Like what's buried just below the surface of the ground where we're standing right now. Stuff like that!
It would really rock my world if there were rare fossils beneath here...
But either way, there are plenty of ways to have fun here besides just Pokémon battles!
I dug up something interesting today! What do you think? Awesome, right?
I thought I'd give it to you if you want it!
If I dig up anything else, I'll bring it over.
You'd be amazed by some of the things that get unearthed when you're excavating!
I respect my dad a lot, and I've always looked up to him, but it's not just because he's my dad.
He's a Gym Leader just like me, but he's way, way stronger than I am.
Coming from his son, I guess that might be a little hard to believe. But trust me, it's the truth.
My dad's...infinitely stronger than I am!
I don't think my dad's always been this strong.
Over the years, he trained and trained and trained to become as powerful as he is now.
That's why I need to keep on digging! I'll dig and dig and dig so that someday I'll be that strong, too!
One day I'll be as strong—no, STRONGER than my dad!
Sometimes when I'm working down in the coal mines, I get so caught up in digging that I lose track of the time.
The other day, my Pokémon came down the mine to give me some water while I was focused on my work.
Despite my tunnel vision, I always remember to stay hydrated, but the kind gesture did make me happy.
It's nice that my Pokémon worries about me, but while I'm on the job, all the other workers really depend on me.
I'm the leader down in the Oreburgh Mine, after all!
If you ever need a hand, you can count on me. I'll show you what a huge help I can be!
Whoa, it's already morning? It's so bright up here compared to the mines.
*yawn* Sorry, I just got back. I was out digging a tunnel!
Hey! It's perfect tunnel-digging weather!
Hey there! You know it's not good to stay cooped up inside all the time. Everybody needs a little sunshine!
Hi there! It may be dark outside, but I'm still full of energy! I'm used to being in the dark!
Wow, it's already dark out? Time for me to go dig some tunnels!
