This and that... Oh, and that, too...
Preparation is key before an adventure.
Be diligent! Every ranger knows that!
I'm a Pokémon Ranger! I'll protect the peace of Pasio!
You're going on an adventure, too, huh? Then you must prepare!
Even when your Pokémon are dependable, you can't just count on them.
Call me as soon as you're in danger! I'll come rescue you!
Giving up when you know that the adventure is too arduous is also important.
Only Pokémon Rangers never give up— even when the situation seems impossible!
It's because if I give up, it means that I'm giving up on somebody else.
Grass-type moves are gentle on the skin.
Nature means grass, and grass means beauty!
Being one with nature means silky smooth skin.
My Bayleef's aromatherapy is truly excellent!
Apparently, the spicy aroma emitted from the buds makes the skin smooth and supple.
That's why Pokémon Rangers are young and beautiful!
Just like me! Hehe!
Bayleef is such a good Pokémon. She thrives on praise!
But if I praise her too much, she sometimes gets bashful and uses Tackle on me.
I swiftly come to the rescue of those in need.
Staying vigilant is crucial.
Even in deep forests, be sure not to miss anything!
I have great eyesight! I can see faraway objects even in the forest.
My good vision comes in handy in battles, too! I can aim well and hit the target with moves.
But moves that are difficult sometimes tend to be more powerful.
To fight with certitude, or to aim for a single blow—that is the question...
Oftentimes, powerful moves tend to miss the target when it's a critical moment.
But Pokémon are the ones using the moves, so perhaps my vision doesn't matter so much?
It's great to live in nature!
I love Pokémon Rangers!
I hope to be one when I grow up.
I feel it! Your passion!
It's adorable that you admire me!
I have to teach you a lot!
What's needed in a Pokémon Ranger is a strong sense of justice!
And respect for and understanding of nature and Pokémon!
Got it! I'll work hard!
Camping is especially great since you get to directly experience nature!
Learning from a camper about proper clothing and gear is also useful!
If so, will I no longer be called a "lass"...?
An identity crisis! Could this be a challenge I have to overcome in order to become a Pokémon Ranger?!
Will you be able to face the majesty of nature?
I believe that you can face it!
Your Pokémon have such genuine eyes!
You can overcome anything when you're with your Pokémon!
That kind of relationship is very important. You have a good match!
It's the law of the jungle that prevails in nature! I'll take a bite out of you!
Oh no, I got eaten!
The law of the jungle is real. You have to be creative if you want to beat stronger opponents.
Better safe than sorry.
