Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! It's me, Whitney!
I bet you're happy, huh? After all, I'm such a cutie! I'm lookin' forward to more adventures today!
Pasio really is a nice place, ain't it? I sure think it is!
I've never seen scenery like this back home. The girls and the Pokémon are all so cute, too!
Well, none of 'em are quite as cute as yours truly, though!
Hey! What're you laughin' about?!
I heard there was a festival or somethin', so I decided to come join. I'm glad I did—this is perfect for a vacation!
Although festivals in Goldenrod City, where I'm from, are even bigger and brighter than this.
Trainers really do come from all over the place, don't they? I guess they're all here for the PML—everybody sure is givin' it their all!
That's my kind of people! I love seein' people workin' hard at what they love!
I can't help but cry when I lose a Pokémon battle.
I mean, how come everybody doesn't cry when they lose?
It's very serious business, after all! Ain't it disappointing when you lose?
I know I get all kinds of disappointed! I feel sad for my cute Pokémon when they lose, and that's why I always cry when we're bested.
I know it won't change anything if I cry, but don't you feel better after a good cry?
I think that's a good enough reason to cry for me!
Got your eye on my Miltank, do you?
What fine taste you have! Doesn't she just make your heart go pitter-patter?!
You know what's really great about her? She's all kinds of cute, and she's strong! What more could you want?!
Ooh, and Miltank's Moomoo Milk is exquisite. I mean just the best!
I love her so much, I would never, ever let anybody else have her!
Hey, are you a small or a medium?
Look like a medium to me...
Kids your age grow real fast, so you should get your clothes a little big.
Pokémon grow up fast, too.
They get big and strong right before your very eyes!
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ], you got a special someone?
Me? I got a whole lot of special someones! I just love everyone so much!
I sure hope everybody likes me all right, too.
If you want somebody to like you, be they a person or Pokémon, you gotta let 'em know you like them, too.
You gotta show 'em how important they are to you with your words and your actions. This is gettin' kinda awkward.
I traded some of my Moomoo Milk for this.
You can have it if you want!
Oh, I'm glad it made you so happy!
Well, if I come across any other good stuff, I might just give it to you again!
I always knew we'd get along great.
You've got some real strong bonds with your Pokémon, don't you.
Why, you're almost as close as me and Miltank!
I've never met a Pokémon fan I didn't like!
After the battle ends, we're all friends.
I've got more friends than just Miltank, you know.
If you come to my hometown, I'll introduce you to all of them!
Do you like being alone or around others?
I can't even think about passin' time all quiet by myself.
There are so many things that are so much more fun when you've got someone else around.
And when times are tough, we can support each other, right?
If you're in trouble, I'll be right there to help you out!
I love cheerin' people up when they're feelin' down.
I'm always rooting for you!
Mornin'! Happy to see ya today!
Mornin'. Whew, I shouldn'ta stayed up all night. I sure am sleepy now!
Howdy! Almost nap time for me!
Hi! You doin' all right? Me? I'm fine, I s'pose.
Hey! I took a long nap, and now I'm wide awake!
Hey! Nice night, ain't it?
