I had a feeling that you would be coming here, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Well then, let's start today's training!
After some training, my skill was recognized by the Pokémon League and I joined the Elite Four.
I can only keep getting better! The possibilities are limitless!
If you have the desire to progress, that will be your drive to acquire more strength.
To me, becoming a member of the Elite Four is important but it isn't my goal.
What I'm aiming for is even higher. I want to be the pinnacle of all Pokémon Trainers!
Sometimes, we Elite Four have Pokémon battles among ourselves.
We all know each other's tactics, so it always comes down to the skin of our teeth.
The key to my winning all of my battles... I want to find it here on Pasio!
There are people all over the world that my Pokémon can't beat yet...
That's what gets me fired up. I want to beat all of them!
Xatu is a very mysterious Pokémon.
One time, I thought she disappeared...
But then three days later, I found her in the same spot as if nothing had happened.
Now this is just hypothetical, but she might have transcended time and space!
Even if that's not the case, it's possible that Xatu have amazing powers we don't know of yet.
Xatu's eyes are seeing both the past and the future.
I wonder how she sees the present.
As a member of the Indigo Elite Four, I need reliable Pokémon to take on all my challengers. One of mine is Jynx.
Before I became an Elite Four member, I went to the Ice Path in the Johto region.
I slipped and was about to be stranded, but then I heard somebody's voice...
That was when I met Jynx!
I instantly liked her humanlike voice and strange dance, and so I decided to train one.
I feel as if Jynx's dance has a mysterious power to it.
I can count on her even when I battle as an Elite Four member.
If you want to become even stronger, I'll teach you an easy training method.
Just concentrate really hard on the tree in front of us.
You can train your concentration like that, and if you can train your concentration like that, you will be able to concentrate in battle better, too!
Your strength of mind—your strength of will—becomes your advantage in battle. Try it out sometime!
There are more ways to train, but I'm going to keep those a secret.
If I tell you how I train, you'll figure out the secrets to my strength!
Xatu brought me an item, but you can have it!
Xatu brings back items that have a mysterious power to them!
At least I think they do. But I want you to be able to feel that, too.
After all of my travels and training, there was something I came to feel.
That is the strength of Psychic-type Pokémon! The mysterious powers they hold is very strong!
But willpower is not the only appeal of Psychic- type Pokémon. They also have strength of mind!
I can count on them in any battle. That is what I was attracted to.
I train to better myself and to not disappoint my Pokémon.
My Pokémon always give me a splendid performance!
The reason I can keep fighting as a member of the Elite Four is my Pokémon try hard, too. That's why I have to work just as hard as them.
You're growing strong so quickly. I have to watch my back!
I'd like to have a race with you to see which of us reaches the pinnacle of all Trainers first!
I'm grateful for the chance to not only meet you but to be on a team with you as well!
I'll keep you in mind when I train with my Pokémon in the future.
Because I want to beat you specifically! Losing is not an option, after all!
So if you could keep our future battle in mind as well, that would be great!
Hello there. Would you care to do some early morning training with me?
They say the early Pidgey catches the Weedle. Like myself, you seem to have taken that lesson to heart.
Hi there. Would you be interested in seeing some of my psychic powers in action?
My Pokémon loves to stare up at the sun. She'll do it all day if she can!
It could be my imagination, but I feel like my psychic powers intensify at night.
My Pokémon never stops gazing at the world— even at night.
