Hello, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I thought I saw you come in.
I can see the glow of adventure in your eyes. Let it carry you like the wind beneath your wings!
Once, when I was a small child flying through the sky with my bird Pokémon, I tried to ride atop the clouds...
I gazed up at them as they floated by... perfectly fluffy and beautiful in the sky. I wanted to take the clouds on a journey...
And do you know what? I did that very thing! I rode the clouds...
For you see, what I thought were clouds were really a flock of Altaria! You can imagine my surprise when I tried to ride them!
Drifting leisurely through the great blue sky, the song of the Altaria echoing on the wind...
It felt like something out of a dream.
In my home of Fortree City, the trees grow tall and the people live high up in tree houses.
We grow anxious when we're too close to the ground, you see. I used to constantly stand on my tiptoes...
but as you might guess, it led to a great deal of leg cramping...
One must always soar gracefully, even if it means getting a leg cramp or two!
Such is the life of we who fly across the skies with bird Pokémon!
Pelipper are excellent at scooping things up in their large beaks and carrying them great distances.
We often depend on their services as messenger birds for this reason.
When I was younger, my Pelipper was kind enough to help me take on a part-time job making deliveries.
Pelipper and I were never in it for the money.
We delivered packages so that we could learn everything we could about the Fortree City Pokémon Gym.
My beloved bird Pokémon soar freely across the sky, claiming the wind as their own with their great feathered wings.
It's as if their graceful forms are a manifestation of our desire to reach for those skies.
When I'm soaring through the wind with my Pokémon, I feel like I'm one with nature.
Bird Pokémon can teach us how to be one with nature.
When I look at you and your Pokémon, I can tell you know that, too.
You have a sparkling air about you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Your elegant gait seems to carry a mysterious breeze throughout the room with you.
It's as if Mother Nature herself is sending the wind your way.
I have a feeling that if I stick with you, I'll be able to soar all the more gracefully...
The sky is far too wide for one person alone... I'm sorry. Please ignore my ramblings...
This item was carried to me on the wind. Here, I hope you use it well.
May Mother Nature's great breath bring you fortune in battle.
Why do you think the winds of fortune blow the way they do?
A good wind does not falter on its path and leaves the air pleasantly fresh as it sweeps by.
I thought long and hard about how to be one with my bird Pokémon.
I even tried behaving like a bird for a while—I would perch up in the trees from dawn till dusk, singing my songs.
A few of the passersby seemed to be quite worried about me at the time, though I have no idea why...
Learning to hear the whispers of the wind was quite difficult as well...
There are no translators or textbooks to learn from.
I feel like I've begun to understand it now, but one-way conversations have proven to be difficult...
Would you like to try conversing with the wind? It always puts me at ease.
A gentle breeze means it's happy. A sudden gust means it's angry or upset.
A powerful storm means...well, maybe you shouldn't go any closer in that case. Just a few windy tips for you!
Although, now that I think about it, the wind doesn't behave all that differently from us people.
A pleasant breeze can make me feel positive and motivated, and when I'm feeling that way, good things tend to happen.
Good fortune is carried on the wind, or so they say.
I hope the wind brings good fortune to you.
Good morning. Do you ever think about how wonderful it would be if you could soar gracefully through the sky?
The best time to gauge the wind is in the morning.
The key to having a good afternoon is finding a high place and feeling the wind on your face.
Hello. I think it's important to get some rest from time to time.
Don't stay out too late—the night wind can give you a nasty chill.
I just love to feel the gentle breeze after the sun goes down.
