Oh, hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. You heading out today?
I've got my new invention up and running... Maybe I'll head out for a little bit, too.
I'm not really the greatest around other people. When people stare at me, I...
... ... ... ... ... ...
You may not have noticed, but I just fainted, like, three times...
I'm trying really hard to get used to other people looking at me.
But trying your best doesn't automatically guarantee good results... Just like experimenting with a hypothesis.
I can use this gadget to control a bunch of my inventions.
For example...this one. My Trainer Pinger.
Using this machine will call Trainers over to your current location...
but using it requires a massive amount of electricity.
Did you know this little gadget can actually control a bunch of the machines I've invented?
I may have been the one who engineered it, but it's the power of science that's REALLY amazing!
You know, I was pretty surprised when I found out that Togedemaru is thought to have no Evolution.
Just think—she was born a little roly-poly, and she'll always be one, no matter how much she grows.
It's kinda cool... If people were like that, we could get away with paying the kid's price for the bus and stuff forever.
Some people tell me I look like my Togedemaru.
We're really good buddies, so I guess we could be rubbing off on each other.
My Charjabug helped me a lot with my experiments back on Ula'ula Island.
They let me use some of the electricity they have stored in their bodies.
Also, their bodies are made up of right angles, so if my creativity's ever blocked, I can stack them up like bricks for fun...
Just kidding. I've gotta be nice to my Charjabug, or their friend Vikavolt will get mad and come flying...
Vikavolt is Charjabug's Evolution. It gathers up energy in its jaws, then fires it off in massive electric jolts!
It's like a cannon! It can even break through the thickest shelters.
Since coming here to Pasio, I've made some good headway in my various experiments.
I mean, there's so much interesting data! The people and Pokémon gathered here are way beyond my knowledge!
Same goes for you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. If this were my simulation, I'd have beaten you a hundred times over.
Although that simulation hasn't been very reliable lately. Even when I was back in Alola...
According to my simulation, I should be Champion by now.
Bathing in the spotlight, a role model for all kinds of Trainers...
Oh boy... I think I just fainted for a second at the thought of that...
I didn't invent this or anything, but it should be pretty useful. Here, take it.
Hopefully it'll be super effective for you in battle!
I have my own inventions to help me in battles, so I don't need it.
Wh-what are you looking at? Hold on... Have you been bitten by the inventor bug?
If that's the case, maybe we could try making something basic together?
... ... ... ... ... ...
(Oh no... What if you weren't curious about inventing and you were actually curious about ME...)
I did about 256 simulations while pondering what it is you'd like to invent.
My conclusion: a machine that can use the plans and blueprints in your brain to create everything automatically.
With a machine like that, you'd only have to THINK about an invention in order to bring it to life!
What?! That sounds like something I'd want for myself?! Well...when you put it like that, I guess you're not wrong...
What? You're interested in how machines are constructed? Why didn't you say so sooner?
Well, first you have to think about what you want your machine to do. That part is key!
Like, if you're scared of talking to people, maybe a machine that makes it easier to do that?
Actually, that might just be something I want personally...
After you figure out what kind of machine you're making, the next step is to draw up a blueprint.
Careful, though. If you muck up the power supply or drive systems, you'll get zapped like BZZZZT!
But you'll be fine as long as you keep an eye on things as you go. I wouldn't worry about it too much.
Failure's a big part of inventing things. That's a fact! You've just gotta keep adjusting things until it's just right.
Morning. I-I'm still so sleepy. I stayed up way too late running experiments.
*yawn* My batteries are fully charged, but my motor's not up and running yet. I might need to reboot.
Oh, hey! The sun is too bright for me. I prefer staying in my lab.
Maybe I'll exercise this afternoon. Gotta think about my health at least a little bit.
I-I'm kinda nocturnal, so it's about time for me to start my experiments for the night!
I conserve energy at night by using the electricity my Electric-type Pokémon have stored up.
