Ah, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Late for class again, I see. Wait, that's not right. Sorry, force of habit! Good to see you!
I've been studying every day in hopes of being able to support you better in battle.
My Pokémon Stoutland, Cinccino, and Watchog...
are all fans of being groomed and getting massages.
They're always happy to get a nice massage right after a tough battle.
Rewarding your hardworking Pokémon and looking after their well-being is...
one of the most important jobs we have as Trainers.
After I became a Gym Leader, the Lillipup I'd raised as my partner evolved into a Stoutland.
I haven't been a Gym Leader for very long yet...
but I will say this: the trust and friendship that I've built up with Stoutland is second to none.
Stoutland is the ace of my team, and I depend on him a lot. I'd love to show you how strong he is sometime.
The key to bringing out a Pokémon's full strength is getting to know it inside and out.
I did a ton of studying with my Stoutland here, at first.
And not just reading books, mind you. A lot of it was observation. It's important to learn what sort of personality your Pokémon has.
My job at the Trainers' School is to teach young Trainers all about Pokémon.
There are many different methods out there for improving your strength as a Trainer...
but in my experience, hands-on learning with Pokémon through battling is a surefire way to get stronger.
I may be on the teaching end of the classroom at the Trainers' School, but often I'm learning just as much as I'm teaching.
Sometimes beginner Trainers who aren't used to being around Pokémon help me discover things I never would have noticed otherwise.
You know, I did a fair bit of research on Pasio a while back.
I suppose it should be obvious, but photos really don't do justice to the scale of this place at all.
It's not enough to just read and study. You've got to go out and experience the world with your own two eyes.
That reminds me—I have a friend who wants to go do some sight-seeing. I think I might follow along.
Funny thing is, up until recently, I don't think I would have said that. The old me couldn't be bothered.
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. If you ever get a chance to visit the Unova region, you should come visit my Gym.
I'd love to introduce you to the Trainers there, as well as my students at the Trainers' School.
I'm sure they'd get a kick out of hearing all about our adventures here on Pasio.
With your skills, [Name:PlayerNickname ], I'm sure you could make a career for yourself as a Trainer anywhere you go.
I'm not just saying that, either. I believe it.
I want to battle you out in the world—not just with my Stoutland here but with the Pokémon I meet along the road.
Nice timing! Could you hang on a second?
I wanted to give this to you! I thought it seemed rather useful. Hope it comes in handy.
If I come across anything else that seems useful, I'll make sure I pass it along to you.
Hmm. I wonder what kind of battle strategies we could utilize with your Pokémon and mine.
Oops, sorry about that. Sometimes I get lost in my thoughts.
Being both a Gym Leader and a teacher, I tend to have a lot on my mind at any given time.
You know, I've always preferred to pause and give things a lot of thought.
If you brainstorm your battle strategies beforehand, you'll be able to quickly adapt to any obstacle you face later on.
However, just because that method works for me doesn't necessarily mean it's best for you.
Everyone should be free to seek out whatever battle methods work best for them.
It's exciting to think about what the future holds for you and the Pokémon you'll meet on your path as a Trainer.
There are so many diverse people to meet here around every corner, each with their own unique thoughts and feelings.
I mean, I came all this way because I wanted to have those same experiences as well.
I've gone through a lot to get where I am today, both good and bad.
But honestly, going off on my own as a Trainer and traveling throughout the Unova region was the best thing that ever happened to me.
I hope that one day you feel the same about the experiences you're having right here and right now.
Morning! Did you get plenty of rest last night? We're gonna need our energy today.
Morning! There are only so many hours in a day. You should set up a game plan!
Afternoon! It's the perfect time for studying. You should take advantage of it!
Afternoon! Now's the perfect time to go out and do something fun!
Evening! Anything left on your to-do list? The day's almost over.
Evening! It's pretty dark outside, so we should be careful if we're heading out.
