[Name:PlayerNickname ]! I have been waiting for you!
Fwahaha! Let us not waste a single day that could be used to hone our skills!
I was originally a Gym Leader, and I made an invisible labyrinth in my Gym.
Of course, it was to weed out weak Trainers!
But my daughter got lost in there once and created quite a scene.
She has since grown to be my successor and a fine ninja as well as a Gym Leader, but...
No matter how old she may become, she is still my child. That story will always bring a smile to my face.
My daughter looks up to me. Maybe it's because of this that she is showing very fast growth!
I must train twice as hard to make sure that I am not overtaken by the girl.
We have a large park in Fuchsia City called the Safari Zone.
It is a place where you can observe Pokémon in their natural habitat.
If you ever go to the Kanto region, go see for yourself! I am certain you'd discover something new.
I also patrol the Safari Zone myself.
Fwahaha! It is in order for all visiting guests to enjoy the park safely!
The nature in Fuchsia City is our pride and joy! Therefore, we must all cherish and protect our environment!
Venomoth, a Pokémon that inhabits the Kanto region, looks very beautiful.
However, behind that beauty, it hides a deadly poison.
Beautiful things often hide their share of danger. Remember that for the future.
Fwahaha! A long time ago, I was hit by Venomoth's poison.
But it was through that experience that I became interested in Poison-type Pokémon. It was through that I became the man in front of you!
My Crobat hunts his prey swiftly and silently.
Would you not say that he is a ninja's perfect partner?
Of course, if I am not careful, he tries to suck my blood!
Crobat and I are equals. Words do no justice to what we share.
Perhaps trying to suck my blood is his way of showing me affection.
If you're going to be battling all sorts of pairs, make sure you choose the type of moves that your opponents are weak against.
Fwahaha! As long as you can find your opponent's weakness, you'll have an edge in any Pokémon battle!
If you know not only what the opposing Pokémon are weak to but also what yours are weak to...
you will be able to identify both opportunities and crises!
Now that I've warned you to look out for your opponent's weaknesses, you understand what that means, yes?
It means that I challenge you!
I am intrigued to see how you will deal with my Pokémon and my techniques!
I have a gift for you! I'm sure you will find a good use for it!
Pokémon are both smart and strong. You are the only one, however, that can lead them to victory using items.
Make sure to find the best use for it.
You have become much stronger than when we first met!
Your desire to improve is splendid! I truly want you as an apprentice!
I enjoy watching your remarkable growth!
Even one that has lived on a single track as a ninja and a Pokémon Trainer has something to learn from your Pokémon handling.
I wonder, if I introduced you to my training and teachings, would you become even stronger?
Fwahaha! No, I will not force you. But if you are ever interested, come talk to me!
It is sobering to see how quickly young Trainers become stronger.
Whether through my daughter, Janine, or you...
it is very possible I'll have the privilege to see one of my students grow to new heights and leave splendid results!
I would like you to be my daughter's rival. The two of you would be perfect for honing each other's skills!
Janine claims that her skill in both Pokémon battles and ninja arts are not adequate.
If she had somebody to bounce off, I'm sure she would be able to grow, too.
Not to mention, I am certain that you could learn something from her as well.
I look forward to the growth the two of you will display!
If you find yourself struggling to wake up in the morning, I suggest splashing your face with cold water.
It has become my routine to rise with the sun in the morning.
Fwahaha! Time to apply my ninja techniques to the lunch my lovely daughter made me.
Rigorous daily training is the key to securing glorious victory.
True ninjas adapt to the darkness and make it their home by becoming one with the night.
You still seem full of energy. That is excellent! Continue your training!
