Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I was getting tired of waiting for you!
Let's train and get superduper stronger together!
People in Kanto say that Weezing are Pokémon that eat poison gas and get bigger.
And would you believe that they are really popular among girls?
Yeah, I figured you wouldn't. I might be the only girl that does like them.
I love my Weezing.
I might sometimes make him angry and make him explode, though.
My father is Koga, of the Elite Four! I want to become more like him. That's why I have to train even harder!
Father is very strong and strict. He is also cool with how skilled of a Pokémon Trainer he is!
But more importantly, he's kind! Isn't he awesome?
But I won't lose in the PML! I'm still a Pokémon Trainer first and foremost and a daughter second!
Overcoming the person you admire the most is the ultimate form of flattery!
So I was hoping that I could battle you a lot.
That way, we can polish each other's skills!
Everybody in the Fuchsia City Gym disguises themselves to look like me! You can imagine how hard it is to find me!
It's really fun, and a lot of the challengers have good things to say about it, but...
nobody realizes it's me if I ever dress up.
There are a lot of fashionable people on Pasio.
But whenever I dress up, everybody asks if it's just another disguise.
I mean...that's not really my intention.
My ninja uniform is specially tailored! It's made from Ariados silk!
It's really durable! And even better, it's warm in the winter and really cool in the summer!
But the best part is that it makes me feel as if Ariados is always protecting me.
People sometimes make gloves or scarves with Ariados silk, too.
Maybe I can make you some!
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. What do you think of Poison-type Pokémon?
I think it's great that each Pokémon has moves that it alone specializes in.
And they use those moves to get any advantage they can and become stronger, whether their type is Fire, Grass, Water, or even Poison.
Of course, Poison isn't one of the popular types, but I'm not ashamed to say that I like it.
You can ask me anything about Poison types! I'll teach you everything I know!
I'm learning a lot about moves from you, too, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. It's nice to be able to exchange knowledge.
Here, you can have this! It was caught in Ariados's thread!
Whether it's a Pokémon or an item, there's always a right place to use it!
You can find a lot of cool stuff caught in Ariados's web. Isn't that cool?
When I was a kid, I was clumsy and would get caught in Ariados's web myself.
My father is a member of the Elite Four! He's one of the best Pokémon Trainers in the world!
I inherited my Gym from my father!
I still have a lot to learn, but one day, I'm going to become so strong that both my father and all the other Gym Leaders will acknowledge me!
I want to become stronger so that I'll be a better Gym Leader!
I have to study more about poison and practice my ninja techniques... There are a lot of things I have to do!
I'm going to be challenging you to battles a lot more in the future, so be ready for that!
I'm not one to brag, but I think I'm pretty strong!
Of course, I still have a lot to learn, and I'm not nearly strong enough for my father to accept me.
But as long as I'm with you, I know I can surpass all my limits!
I apparently have a little bit of stage fright.
But whenever I'm talking to you, I can relax and use my full strength!
So let's stick together! I don't think I can do this without you!
Morning! I always start my day with a long jog to help strengthen my legs!
Life is full of distractions, but I'm gonna do my best to stay focused on my training today!
If I ever want to beat you or my father, I've gotta train hard every day!
I was just on my way to give my father his lunch!
If your eyes aren't used to the dark, I can guide you at night.
Moving through the shadows of night... Mark of a true ninja!
