[Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been waiting for you!
If you have some time, have a battle with me! I'm just bursting with energy!
I love Pokémon and music equally. 
I could never choose one over the other, so that's why I do double duty!
I can tell you're wondering if I'm actually able to be any good at either.
Of course I am! Why wouldn't I be?
If there are things you're itching to try, you should just go for them!
Sitting around being indecisive doesn't get you anywhere!
You know, my old man has two jobs, too, just like me.
He's a ship's captain and an actor!
Although I gotta say, he gets a bit caught up in acting sometimes and lets his ship just sit in harbor.
It's not good to cause problems for people, right?
See, I want to support my old man's dream of becoming an actor.
I mean, I went and saw the movie he was in, and it was pretty good.
Sometimes, when I'm out exploring, inspiration just hits me out of nowhere!
It's a great help to my song writing.
Especially when I'm with you!
Sometimes, working two jobs can show you new things.
But you can't slack off on either of them!
Whirlipede normally sits pretty still and doesn't move much...
but if she's attacked, she jumps into action!
It's like she's letting all that stored-up energy explode!
She's definitely a Pokémon that knows how to put on an invigorating show, right?
Unleash your energy when it really counts!
It's what Whirlipede taught me, you know? You can't just be all out all the time. You need to make your efforts really count!
Sessions with you aren't bad, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Huh? Oh, sessions are when we go exploring together!
Sometimes, I get this comfortable feeling, like I'm hanging out with my band members!
I can feel my spirits rising when I'm with you!
It's like I have even more energy than usual!
Here! You can use this!
Oh, no no, I don't want anything back! I just felt like giving something to you!
Make sure to use that item I gave you, OK?
A really good Trainer puts items to good use!
Hey, about you and your Pokémon!
You're getting really strong, aren't you!
Not just pure strength. Your will to win is getting stronger, too!
Watching you gets me pumped, too!
I'll never use my double duty with my band as an excuse for anything!
I don't plan on letting you win our Pokémon battles, either, so there!
The song I'm working on—it's going to be great!
See, I'm making my adventures here into a song!
Oh, of course you're gonna be in the song, too!
There's no way any of my adventures here on Pasio would happen without you!
I still want more ideas for new songs, though.
So that means you're gonna keep exploring with me, all right?!
Morning! You're looking energetic! Keep it up, and let's get some stuff done!
Giving your all from the beginning of the day, huh? Just make sure you don't burn yourself out!
It's a waste if you don't give it your all when the sun's out!
Managing a band and Pokémon means using time effectively!
It's all about timing—we gotta play our hearts out, till the last chord of the night!
I was thinking about calling it a night. But if you're still good to go, then so am I!
