Yo, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You came, too, huh?
I'll battle you, if I have time! Not like I'd lose anyway!
Have you heard about me already? If you've heard I'm super strong, it's true!
I mean, your average Trainer doesn't even stand a chance against me!
... ... ... ... ... ...
Well, Red did beat me, but the next time we battle, things are gonna be different!
It doesn't matter what kind of event it is or where it's being held. I'll always make it to the top!
That's the type of Pokémon battle I want to have, after all!
Pidgeot's my pride and joy. You should see how fast he can fly!
He can even carry me and fly to different towns!
My hair does get completely ruined by the time we reach our destination, though.
Don't you think my hair looks great?
I put a lot of effort into it so that it doesn't get messed up even when I'm flying with Pidgeot.
I'm a Pokémon Trainer, through and through. I always want to battle the strongest opponents!
And I've got a rival, Red. We can throw everything we've got at each other, holding nothing back.
I hope you can find a rival like that, too. One that will help you grow and vice versa.
Red doesn't say much, but he's an amazing guy. Full of love for Pokémon.
Don't tell anyone I said this, but I respect him. There's so much I learned after I lost to him.
Y'know, my hometown is a tiny little place out in the boonies of a faraway region.
I don't go back much, really. I mean, I can get so much stronger! I need to keep training!
But my sis back home keeps asking when I'm coming home, every time I talk to her.
What a bother, right? She doesn't get that a guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do.
I guess my sis really doesn't get that I gotta do what I gotta do.
Don't get me wrong, though. I know she's just looking out for me, and I'm grateful for that.
You know, [Name:PlayerNickname ], you remind me of him. Of my rival.
You don't say much, and the way you look when you're with Pokémon...
You're quiet, but you've got that burning passion, too. Just like him.
It's hard to tell what he's thinking sometimes, you know.
I've known him for a long time now, but there are still a lot of mysteries about that guy.
Here, you can have this. It was tangled up in Pidgeot's feathers.
Put it to good use, OK?
Pidgeot can fly at Mach 2! You wouldn't stand a chance if he hit you!
I remember one time, we ran into a flock of Swanna. They got super angry, and we had a high-speed air battle!
You're aiming to become the strongest Trainer too, right?
I've got a word of advice for you, then!
Never forget to treat your Pokémon with trust and love.
OK, to be honest, it's something my gramps taught me a while ago.
But I try to live by those words, even today.
You can't become strong just by simply focusing on power.
At the end of the day, it's a trusting relationship with your Pokémon that'll make a difference.
Do you still remember the first Pokémon you caught, or the first opponent you battled?
I definitely remember, even now.
How could I forget? It's the day my adventure began, after all.
And my adventure isn't over yet. Not until my perfect partner and I defeat Red, and I become the most powerful Trainer ever!
Shoot, I don't even have enough time to catch my breath!
Maybe you'll become a Trainer like Red, too, someday.
When the time comes, I know I'll be super pumped!
Morning! All pumped up and ready for the day? Don't let your guard down just because it's early!
Good morning. How you feeling? Me? I'm feeling great. Thanks for asking!
Hey, how's it going? You're not slacking off on your training, are ya?
Bonjour! Off for an adventure? That's fine and all, but don't forget to have a battle with me from time to time!
Fancy running into you at this hour! Taking a break is an important part of training, you know.
You're still adventuring at this hour? I think I'm gonna call it a day myself. Smell ya later!
