Ah, there you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. It looks like the winds are quite pleasant today.
I am going to go train. Would you like to join me?
This is a very large city, but it provides so many convenient services.
And even if it is an artificial island, Pasio would be very attractive to tourists as well.
My father owns the Hano Grand Hotel.
So I am quite confident in my knowledge of hospitality.
I know what real hospitality is like.
The reason all of the people called to Pasio seem so happy must be because there is ample care that goes into their comfort.
Toucannon has a very large beak.
I evolved her from a Pikipek I caught in the past.
She gracefully flies in the sky, and every time I've gotten stronger, she's changed her form, too.
I have to make sure to stay strong for Toucannon as well.
Pokémon evolve and change their form for their Trainers.
We, as Trainers, must keep moving forward for them as well!
As a professional golfer, I aim to make my matches entertaining for the spectators.
Besides, I enjoy playing the games that the audience enjoys watching.
That's why I feel the same with Pokémon battles. We enjoy the battles that others enjoy to watch.
However, I get so caught up in the battle that I don't pay attention to my surroundings. I still have a lot to learn.
Be it a neck-and-neck battle that makes your palms sweat, or one that's graceful and coordinated, there are always highlights.
Perhaps it is because they are exceptional that they stand out so much.
Or perhaps they are coincidences that only happen because we are so caught up in the heat of battle.
Oricorio is a Pokémon that changes how it looks depending on what nectar it sips.
And it performs a different dance depending on what form it has taken.
I can't help but respect it for the vigor with which it dances.
My Oricorio uses Baile Style, so she does an intense and passionate performance.
I'm sure it would move you as well if you saw how it continues to dance even during battles.
Hello, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Today's a rest day from training.
By taking breaks from time to time, you can optimize your training. Changing your pace is important.
I wonder what I should do on my day off...
Maybe I should do what I enjoy.
I thought about it, and I decided that I like golfing and Pokémon battles.
You can do those things on your days off, too!
I'll give you this item.
It should be more useful to you. Please use it well.
Acquiring new items is important, of course.
But what is more important is using them efficiently and with good timing.
It is pointless to just work out for long periods of time.
It's because you concentrate while working out that your experience sticks.
That is why I am researching ways in which I can concentrate during my ten-hour workout.
That's my usual workout time, so I should be able to get great results.
I never want to compromise when it comes to either golf or Pokémon battles.
Be it golf competitions or Pokémon battles, in order to win, I must be able to win against myself.
I want to be able to meet the expectations of my golf fans that cheer me on and the Pokémon that fight alongside me.
You are already quite skilled.
I would even want to challenge you right here and right now.
But instead, why don't you try your hand at the Alola League?
I would like to battle you as a member of the Elite Four.
I'm sure you would be able to make it very far in the league.
The Alola League is still relatively young.
But don't let that fool you. The Elite Four and the Champion are genuinely strong.
If you seek the greatest of battles, please come by sometime.
Good morning. There's a wonderful breeze blowing right now!
Morning! We'll miss out on valuable training time if we don't get going!
Hello there! Care to join me on the practice range?
There's a nice breeze out there today. It's perfect weather for a round of golf.
Hello. It feels like time to start my evening training. Maybe I'll hit the putting green.
Is it night already? There aren't enough hours in a day...
