I have so many friends, I can't play with them all!
I'm friends with everybody, and everybody's friends with me!
Pokémon are my friends, too! I like my friends.
My mommy says that friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are there.
Did you know you can make friends with people you play with?
It would be cool if I could make 100 friends...
Oh boy! If I really do make 100 friends, how will I remember everybody's names?!
If I have a Pokémon battle with 100 different friends starting right now...
I think I'll be a grown-up before I get to the last person! That would take forever!
*sigh* Machamp...
They're so cool and buff.
And their abs are like ice cube trays!
When I grow up, I wanna be big and strong like Machamp.
What if I could beat Machamp at arm wrestling? That would be so cool!
Oh, oh! And maybe someday...
I could even give a Machamp a piggyback ride!
There's probably so much cool stuff I can do once I'm a grown-up.
But...I still want Machamp to pick me up and hold me even when I'm big.
I like playing hide-and-seek with Daddy's Pidgeot.
No matter how far I run, Pidgeot catches up!
Whizzing through the sky is the best!
My daddy's Pidgeot is the bestest Pidgeot ever!
Even when I hide really good, it always finds me right away!
And...and it even lets me ride it high up where the clouds are!
Daddy says Pidgeot spoils me too much.
But it doesn't matter, 'cause Pidgeot always takes my side! Tee-hee! Just don't tell Daddy... It's a secret!
You shouldn't treat people like they're little kids.
I'm a kid...but I act just like a grown-up!
I'm already four years old!
You shouldn't judge people by the way they look.
Sure, I may look like a little preschooler...
but I'm actually... Well, I'm actually still only four, so I guess I am a preschooler just like I look...
You know how one day, Pokémon evolve and change the way they look?
One day, I'm gonna evolve into a grown-up, just like that.
It'll be really exciting but also really sad. I guess that's life, though, huh.
