Well met, young [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been awaiting your arrival!
I shall be your shield today! Do not tarry, now! Let us be off!
The manner in which you battle with your Pokémon is just and fair... and, might I add, quite brilliant!
There is an etiquette to Pokémon battling, young [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="sir" F="lady" ], and I firmly believe that etiquette includes fighting with honor.
We Trainers should take pride in defeat as much as we do in triumph— doing so leaves little room for regret.
I approach each and every Pokémon battle I compete in with the same earnestness.
Pokémon are the greatest of comrades— they never fail to give us their utmost effort.
That is why I believe that we, as Trainers, have an obligation to give them our sincere effort in return lest we dishonor our Pokémon!
Aegislash has been my comrade in countless battles.
In fact, I would go so far as to say that Aegislash is my pride and joy!
I hope that you, too, feel a sense of pride when you look at your own Pokémon.
To have pride in one's Pokémon means to trust and believe in them! Thus strength is born!
If you have pride in your Pokémon— truly feel it in your heart—your Pokémon will surely respond in kind.
I feel it in mine own heart and have made a vow to fight every fight with honor and good faith.
Whenever I'm away from home, my Klefki keeps the keys to my estate safe and sound.
At first, the little prankster made off with my keys, hid them where I couldn't find them...
But when I defeated him in a Pokémon battle, he returned the keys to me without so much as a question.
It was then that I decided to entrust Klefki with my keys of my own accord... We have been jolly friends ever since.
No thief can steal my keys as long as Klefki is keeping them safe.
In fact, I would go so far as to say that my being able to walk about with such confidence here on Pasio...
despite being so far away from my estate...is all thanks to Klefki.
Maintaining the glorious condition of my steel armor requires intensive training.
Some days, I plunge my steel gloves into an open flame. On others, I seat myself beneath a raging waterfall.
Sometimes I don my armor and have my Aegislash attack me head-on! It's true—on my honor as a knight!
I would not dare provoke an attack from Aegislash without my steel armor on, however! And do not try such at home, young [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="sir" F="lady" ]!
My Aegislash's attacks are extraordinarily sharp.
SO sharp and intense that I can feel the force of his attacks through my magnificent armor!
And it only intensifies during a battle... I long to feel the same brute force that the Pokémon feel on the front lines.
The desire to protect not only oneself but also the people and Pokémon around you...
That desire can be a Trainer's sword— and also his shield!
Young [Name:PlayerNickname ], it seems you already possess your own such sword and shield.
Take up your weapons, and fight to defend your comrades! Lead them to victory!
A team will never experience true triumph if its strength is limited to one member!
But you, young [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="sir" F="lady" ], possess the skill to rescue your teammates from crisis— to reinforce their sense of unity!
A sword and shield can be quite useful, but only one who is both stout of heart and filled with pride shall rightfully wield them.
Do accept this token of my regard! I believe it may be of use to you!
I knew it from the moment I laid eyes upon it... Knew that this item was destined to find your hand.
Long has this suit of armor—this treasure— been held by the esteemed knights of my family.
Generation after generation, we have protected the land of Kalos, living in peace with the Pokémon that dwell there.
Long, long ago, the land of Kalos was swept up in a ruthless war, you see...
My ancestors banded together with Pokémon to rescue the townspeople from a cruel fate... So 'twas written in the annals of history.
Those Pokémon and my ancestors were defending the future, child. It is thanks to them that we are able to live in peace now.
We must not take that for granted. That is why I, Wikstrom, strive to live in harmony with Pokémon...
I shall keep the memory of my family's good deeds in my heart and dutifully pass it on to the next generation.
I have given my word that any contest of mine shall be fought fairly and honorably.
And you, my friend, have demonstrated the very definition of true honor in battle many times over!
Thy heart is pure and sincere, as evidenced by your interactions with Pokémon and other Trainers.
Verily, you fill my heart with pride, child. Nay. Rather, 'tis the team we form together that has that honor!
The road is long and hard, young one, but with a bit of good faith and perseverance, you will reach your destination in time.
Do not waver now! You must proceed with confidence!
After all, I will be right here to protect you! My sword is ever at the ready. You have only to ask!
Good morning! I give my word that I shall not falter this day!
It is good to see you laboring so hard in the early morn. Let us train together!
Greetings! Let us strive for greatness— that we might have no regrets!
Let us press forward honorably, with the sun at our backs!
You are training hard—and it is well past dusk. Remember, rest is of equal import.
Only a little more to go! Let us press on with pride in our hearts!
