Oh, hiya, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I was hoping I'd see you today!
I'm so excited you're here! Time for some fun!
How do people usually greet each other here on Pasio?
In Alola we say, "Alola!" It means, "Hello!"
Remember that! That way, if you ever decide to visit Alola, you'll know how to greet other Trainers!
Alola is really scenic and beautiful, just like Pasio! And we've got really yummy food there, too!
If you end up visiting, I'll tell you all about our Alolan myths and legends!
My Palossand is really great with kids.
She loves to frolic and play with tiny tots and other little Pokémon! 
Story time is when I like to shine, though. I love reading to the kids.
Palossand actually likes to join in and learn right along with them! She's just the cutest.
We all have different things we're good at— different values, different ways of thinking...
and the same is true about Pokémon! Everyone is unique and special in their own way.
That's why it makes me so happy when we work together and help each other!
I love reading! You can find a book about pretty much anything, you know!
Books can take us on journeys to fantastical worlds and tell the stories of people far away from us.
Isn't that amazing?! I've read some books that made me shiver in suspense and some that made me shake with excitement!
Do you like reading, too? If so, I can recommend all kinds of books to you! Just say the word!
I'd love to go visit the library in Sinnoh one day!
I heard it has all kinds of books on the ancient myths and legends of Sinnoh. I wonder what they're about!
Ghost Pokémon are so free-spirited. I never know what they're going to do next!
The other day, I blinked and my Drifblim caught a breeze and drifted away somewhere. The poor thing got so lost...
And my Sableye is always causing mischief, scribbling in the children's storybooks when they're not looking.
And my Dhelmise! Don't get me started on that time it made friends with some Skrelp at the beach and brought them home to play!
Ghost Pokémon may be free-spirited and mischievous, but you know what? That's what I love about them!
When I'm with my Ghost-type Pokémon, I don't get scared even when it's pitch-black outside!
Dark nights actually make me really excited! Playing in the dark is such a fun thrill!
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? I just wanted to say thank you for being such a good friend!
Oh, sorry... Did that come out of nowhere? I've actually been thinking about it for a long time! Tee-hee!
It was pure luck that brought us together, and I feel so lucky that we're such good friends now!
I hope we can keep doing fun things together! There's a whole world of exciting things for us to do out there!
With so many other amazing Trainers on this island, I'm so glad you chose to spend time with us!
In return, Palossand and I promise to help you out the best we can!
Look! I found this when I was taking a little walk earlier!
Shhh... Here, it'll be our little secret. Don't be afraid to use it, though!
Taking a stroll on a road you're familiar with can still lead to something new!
When you discover something different from the norm, it's that much more exciting!
I wonder how everyone is doing back home at Aether House. They're like my family. I miss them so much!
It's kind of strange, though. When I'm with you, I almost feel like I'm back there with the kids.
It feels warm... Content, maybe? Odd, isn't it. But in a good way.
Back at Aether House, I'm like everyone's big sister! They all really depend on me.
You can lean on me, too, if you want! Taking care of others is like second nature to me now, and I like doing it!
Would you let me lean on you for help in return if I need to? That would make me really happy!
You know, it's spooky how well the two of us get along together!
I get the same feeling when I'm with you as I do with my sweet Palossand! I've never had a friend like you before.
Let's be friends forever! You're my favorite teammate—I dunno what I'd do without you!
Everyone's always happy in Alola— the people and the Pokémon!
That's why I love it so much! Everyone feels like one big family.
And now we have one more person to add to that family... It's you, of course!
Heehee! I'm talking about you, y'know!
G'morning! I've got so much energy today! Come on, let's go have some fun!
Morning! The day's just begun! What do you think I should do?
Hiya! I always feel so peppy this time of day. It's the best time to go for a stroll!
Hey there! Did you eat yet? I'm ready to go out for some battling if you're done.
Nighttime is definitely my time! I'm ready to go out and have some more fun!
Evening! My Pokémon and I really love dark nights!
