"And so she stared off into the sunset, patiently waiting for the day [Name:PlayerNickname ] would return once more."
Oh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Would you mind being my subject today? I've got some new novel ideas that need brainstorming!
My Chandelure and I have been the best of friends ever since she was a Litwick.
I was only a small child when we first met, long before I started writing novels.
I often used to read stories by the light of Litwick's flame.
To this day, I still often use Chandelure's flames to light up my work space when I'm writing my novels.
Under the glow of her light, I feel like I'm able to envision the events of my stories so much more vividly.
Although she sometimes scolds me if I doze off at my writing desk.
"And so it was...that a fated meeting with Litwick changed the course of the young woman's destiny!"
She—I mean, I—became a Pokémon Trainer, and I met my dear Litwick, and I met countless other people...
and I discovered that every person and Pokémon out there has a story to be told.
It was then that I decided to write novels— to tell the beautiful stories of the people I meet and share them with the world!
I've told all kinds of stories up until now about the hearts of Trainers and their Pokémon.
My novels are an extension of the world I witness with my eyes and feel in my heart.
As long as people and Pokémon continue to help each other and enrich each other's lives, I'll continue to write my stories.
"At those words, the young woman's eyes sparkled like the shining flames of her Chandelure."
Even with a wealth of vocabulary, some feelings simply can't be put into words.
Perhaps that's a topic I should challenge myself with as a writer.
Yes! Someday I'll capture those indescribable emotions with my pen and share them with the world!
"They walked forward on their path... Together as one, without need for words, believing in their bond of friendship..."
It's precisely because people and Pokémon cannot communicate through words that drives us to connect through our hearts instead.
And if so, that means writing about those feelings is my true destiny. Gosh! I suddenly feel so inspired!
"The Trainer and Pokémon faced a tall, tall mountain ahead of them. At the summit, their final rival..."
Hmm. No, that feels a little off, doesn't it?
In times like these, it's often better to move on to something new rather than force your way through writer's block.
Wait! The second I just thought about giving up, the most amazing idea popped into my head!
I feel a best seller coming on! Gosh, I've got to write all of this down before I forget!
[Name:PlayerNickname ], why do you think people are afraid of Ghost-type Pokémon?
I've always thought that all types of Pokémon are equally adorable!
One day, I'll write a best seller that will show the world just how amazing Ghost-type Pokémon truly are!
"Mysterious shadows of the darkness... Form a bond with one in your heart, and even the blackest of nights will seem brighter..."
Yes! A tale that will make the world fall in love with Ghost-type Pokémon! No one could write it better than me!
Oh! You could even be my first beta reader once it's finished!
I was just taking a stroll in the forest to mull over some story ideas when I found this on the path.
Here, you can have it!
"The item, unbeknownst to anyone, would soon be the catalyst that set off a remarkable chain of events..."
Tee-hee! Or so I'd like to think! Though I'm sure it's highly unlikely.
I feel so inspired! The more I spend time with you, the more curious I get!
And it's curious in a different way than I'm usually curious about Pokémon. This feels totally new! But why...
I'd like to find that out. Would you let me tag along with you awhile longer? I need you to be my muse!
I think I've found it! The sparkling light that shines within you as a Trainer!
That must be what's been drawing me to you—what's made me so curious!
Now it's up to me to investigate just how far that shining light you possess stretches. I'll do my very best!
I'll do it for the novel I'll inevitably write one day! Until then, I'll be here to witness your story.
I've come to realize that being strong isn't just about winning battles.
It's about kindness—lending a helping hand to someone in need. Or having the courage to stand up for other people.
It's all of those things together that make someone truly strong. Tagging along with you has helped me realize that!
"The Trainer discovered a whole new world the day they met their first Pokémon... And so their story together began."
Someday... Someday I'll write a brilliant novel with you and your Pokémon as the main characters.
Once it's finished, I want you to be the first one to read it.
I'll write all about the kindness and courage you've taught me. Promise me you'll read it?
Hello... I'm not really a morning person... *yawn*
Is it morning already...? I got so wrapped up in my writing, I seem to have forgotten to sleep.
Hello. I enjoy afternoons—it's the perfect time for reading. Do you have any recommendations?
This afternoon, I'll brainstorm for my next book while watching my Pokémon.
Good evening! I do most of my writing at night. I seem to get all my good ideas around this time!
I was up very late last night, writing. I plan on going to bed earlier tonight.
