Well, I'll be! If it ain't [Name:PlayerNickname ]! So yer back, huh? Yer gutsy, kid. I like that!
Y'all better show me yer tough side today!
Say, have y'ever seen a vibratin' Palpitoad before? They're a sight to see, I tell ya! A real treat!
They're pretty famous back in Driftveil City in the Unova region—where I'm from.
That's not why I brought a Palpitoad here with me, though.
It's really on account o' the way they show their true grit whenever they battle!
If yer interested in seein' some o' that Palpitoad grit in action, you should come visit me in Unova!
You'll prolly hear their cries all over the place there!
Back in Unova, my Excadrill is a must-have business partner when it comes to minin' work!
At one point in my life, I reckon I had truly hit rock bottom. Lower than low.
But with Excadrill by my side, I was slowly able to drill my way back up the tunnel.
Inch by inch, we rose right back on up to the surface!
To this day, I still dream about all the hard work we did.
No matter how tough things get, it'll be all right in the end if you've got yer Pokémon there beside ya!
So keep yer chin up, ya hear? 'Specially when the goin' gets tough.
Gettin' plenty o' rest is part o' yer job! Spread yerself too thin, 'n' you'll surely burn out.
As for me, I find that takin' little strolls around town here on Pasio's been a nice breath o' fresh air.
This sure is a mighty-fine place. I could learn a thing or two here... Improve my city back home.
Lookin' out at all them city streets is one o' the finest parts o' my job, I tell ya!
When I look up at them buildings, shaped like nothin' I ever seen before, heh, even this ol' boss gets excited.
Lookin' out at the ocean reminds me o' Driftveil City.
I wonder how all the workers back home are holdin' up.
I'm hankerin' to get back 'n' see how much all of 'em have grown since I've been gone!
Them Driftveil City workers sure have got some guts, lemme tell ya.
It'll be nice to see everybody again. Maybe I'll buy 'em all some souvenirs while I'm here!
[Name:PlayerNickname ]! Yer finally showin' some true grit, ain't ya.
But I reckon you've still got some room to grow in those britches o' yers. Aim for the sky, I always say!
If y'all can face yer opponent head on 'n' win—no cheap tricks—I reckon y'all have got some real skill!
Mayhaps I said a li'l too much just then, for an ol' miner like me, anyway.
I do commend ya on yer youth and passion and grit—but that don't mean I gotta like ya!
It ain't often somebody gets a compliment outta ol' Clay!
Hey there, kid! Fancy meetin' ya here!
I was just fixin' to give ya this! Go on—use it how ya like!
It's just a trifle, kid. But I expect ya to return the favor someday!
Hrmmph! No need to get all worked up now! That's jus' my way o' sayin' thanks.
You wanna talk about work? If yer lookin' for idle chat, take yer yapper elsewhere.
You shouldn't get too overly familiar with work people, see? That's just business fundamentals right there.
Hah, the workers back in Driftveil City are a different story, though!
You got a sharp eye, kid. And you ain't lackin' much in the cool, calm, and collected department, neither!
That critical judgment o' yers'll come in handy for ya someday—you'll see. Jus' stay sharp, kid!
When ya boil 'em down, Pokémon battles 'n' doin' business ain't so different.
So, ya fancy yerself a bona fide Trainer now, do ya? You're learnin' the ropes pretty well—I'll give ya that!
Just don't go gettin' all content and complacent yet, ya hear?
If yer expectin' a bonus, ya better be willin' to do whatever it takes! No givin' up halfway, got it?
Work 'n' business are all about trust. Seems yer startin' to understand that pretty well!
I ain't never thought about havin' business partners before.
But you've got some good prospects, kid. If—and that's a BIG if...
If ya won't take no for an answer, come 'n' see me in Driftveil City!
I'll hire ya on at my company!
It's still mornin', kid. Let's figure out how ta put this day to good use!
Lemme tell ya, wakin' up early does a world o' good. Makes the whole day longer!
Hope you ate a hearty lunch, kid. We still got a whole day ahead of us!
Don't get me wrong. I got nothin' against a good nap now and again. It's all about gettin' that shut-eye!
Ah! Night. Now, let's see who can stay awake longer...
I know nighttime's for sleepin', but ya know... it's tough to lose so much time.
