Ah, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I was waiting for you!
Exploring together with friends is way more fun than going it alone!
Hehe. My Chikorita is pretty cute, right?
The leaf on her head is especially cute!
If you get close to her head, it feels warm like the sun, right?
Looking at Chikorita always reminds me of Johto!
I guess a person's hometown is a special place to them.
I wonder how Grandpa and Grandma are doing.
Do you know the Pokémon named Marill?
It's a great Pokémon I met back in Johto!
It's got a round body like a balloon. Don't you think that makes it really cute?
One time, my Marill fell in the mud.
And when I caught a whiff of its scent, it smelled like a dust mop! I was so surprised!
Seems like even here there's a lot of people who know the Johto dialect.
When other people use the dialect, it starts to slip out of me, too!
Do you know Valerie, from Laverre City? Do you think it'd be cute to talk the way she does?
The Johto region has a lot of really old towns.
I guess traveling the world makes me realize the good stuff about where I'm from.
Hmm, could I be feeling a little homesick?
Seems like even if you become a great Trainer, there'll always be people wanting to challenge you.
Red always gets challenged to Pokémon battles.
Sometimes I think I'm a little jealous of him.
If you're always battling, then there's no time to play!
Since we're on the topic, maybe I should challenge Red, too.
We battled before, but was it really a great battle?
I sometimes forget that I'm the senior Trainer when I'm with you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Sometimes it looks like you get along with your Pokémon better than me, too...
and you've helped me in Pokémon battles sometimes, too.
OK! I'm going to give it my best so that you don't surpass me anymore!
You can ask me, your senior Trainer, anything you want to know, OK?
I'll show you that I can become a senior you can count on!
Ah! Here it is! Have this! It's a present from me!
I used it a long time ago, but I'm OK with giving it to you!
I know it's a hand-me-down, but I'm sure it'll really come in handy!
I've got a lot of memories with that item, so take good care of it!
Hey, so what's your relationship with Red like?
Oh, that was out of the blue, wasn't it? I don't mean anything weird!
There's something about you that reminds me of Red, but I can't quite put my finger on it...
Maybe it's how seriously you take battles or the way you refuse to lose.
It could also be the way you interact with your Pokémon. You really cherish your Pokémon, don't you?
I think you can definitely get as strong as Red!
I guarantee it!
Today, as your senior, I'll give you advice on whatever you want!
If you're worried or troubled about anything, just let me know!
Really? Nothing?
Does this mean I'm an unreliable senior?
Ah! It turns out, I've got something I'm worried about!
It turns out, acting like your senior is pretty difficult.
Hmm. Maybe I should try to act more like myself.
Good morning! Great day, isn't it. Come on. Let's head out together with our Pokémon!
I woke up super early. I just couldn't wait to see where I'd go today!
I'm a bit tired... Guess I was wandering around a little too much.
I feel like taking a nap, but it just seems like such a waste to...sleep.
I bet exploring at night would be fun, too! Oh man, now I wanna head out!
Look at all the pretty stars! I bet trying to count them all would put you to sleep in no time... *yawn*
