*stare* I wanna battle...
I'm totally ready to go off and explore...
but there's no one around to look me in the eye.
If you're eager to battle but you can't seem to find an opponent...
that's when you should dash over to the Pokémon Center and talk to Trista!
She'll help you reach out to your friends so you can go out exploring together!
If you can't seem to meet eyes with any other Trainers, you should go and talk to Trista at the reception desk!
She'll always be there to look you in the eye!
Chopping wood is a cinch with its two giant pincers.
And impressively straight back, too.
Perfectly straight posture! What I'd give for that...
My partner here is the Stag Beetle Pokémon, Pinsir!
Pinsir's the perfect Pokémon for a camper like me! He can chop a piece of firewood in half lickety-split!
His superflat back is the best part about him, though! It sure makes riding Pinsir easier than, say, Heracross!
Then again, Heracross's horn is a lot easier to grab on to.
There are as many moves out there as there are Pokémon types!
There are ones that make your Pokémon rock solid!
And the more you use them, the stronger your Pokémon's defenses get!
There are all kinds of different moves that your Pokémon can use!
For example, there are moves that can increase your Pokémon's defenses or reduce your opponent's! Isn't that cool?!
If you use a move like that two or three times or more, it'll be that much more effective!
Keep using it, and your Pokémon'll be rock solid for sure!
Wait... What if my Pokémon could learn a move that makes my opponent infatuated with me?!
That...that would make me super popular! I wonder if moves can actually work on people, not just Pokémon...
Maybe I should listen to the radio today, too...
Gathering data is one of the basics of being a good Trainer, after all.
I just learned that male and female Pokémon can look really different.
Battling is a surefire way to make your Pokémon stronger, but gathering data is really important, too.
I've started listening to the radio to get my information. I bet I know way more about Pokémon now!
Take Magikarp, for example! Did you know that males have yellow whiskers and females have white?
Whether or not that knowledge helps you make your Pokémon stronger all depends on you!
Knowledge is a greater weapon than raw strength.
Knowing that Magikarp get super strong when they evolve into Gyarados makes it easier to persevere through training one.
I only choose the most beautiful Pokémon. They suit me the best!
But what can I do to get closer to my Pokémon? What'll make him like me?
Maybe I need to be more beautiful! And confident!
You look pretty confident to me already, kid!
Shucks, I'm wonderin' the same thing! How do I get MY Pokémon to like me?
Shower him with compliments, maybe?!
Aha! Maybe it's all about showing affection! I should try petting and grooming my Weepinbell more often. That oughta do the trick!
Ohoho! You may be right, m'boy! My Onix is massive, though. Pettin' and groomin' all that stone is no easy feat...
Hmm... Well then, how else are you gonna get your Pokémon to like you?
Well, do you think just bein' a swell person in general could be enough to get a Pokémon to warm up to you? Seems plausible.
Yeah! I think you're onto something! If we want our Pokémon to like us more, we've gotta work on ourselves first, huh!
Hmm... Think getting squeaky clean in the bath will help? I should fix my hair, too... Maybe I could get some fashion advice from a Sylveon!
Hey, you shouldn't mention other Pokémon around your Weepinbell. He'll get jealous, and that kinda defeats the purpose!
Really? Did I make you jealous, Weepinbell? I'm sorry, buddy. From now on, it'll just be you and me!
I gotta look cool so I can show off to my girlfriend!
Do me a favor and battle with me!
*sigh* I'll never be cool...
I can be pretty stylish when I'm putting up a tent, but that's basically the only cool thing about me...
I should just give up... Yep. I'm gonna spend the rest of my life boasting about how well I can put up a tent...
When it comes to camping, safety comes first! Same goes for Pokémon battling!
I thought it was safe to say I'd beat you...
You know, you should always be prepared for the unexpected!
Then again, if you're always prepared for the unexpected, is it really unexpected anymore?
