So cute! So stylish!
Yup! I looked so cute just now!
Look at me! I need compliments!
Ooh, so cute! Soooo cute! And stylish! I love it, I love it, I love it!
I'm complimenting myself and my Pokémon to get us fired up.
I can't be outdone by these Pasio party girls!
My Pokémon and I are the cutest in the world!
I get to decide what's stylish and what's not, by the way.
The same way I choose whatever Pokémon I like to accompany me around, I choose to wear whatever fashion I like.
She's so cute when she tilts her head to the side.
Her teeth are nice and straight, and she doesn't have any cavities!
Uh-oh! Did I scare you? Oh, I'm sorry. I know you don't like scary things.
My Granbull is super cute!
That's because I brush her beautiful, sharp fangs every day!
We even take baths together!
Cleanliness is very important, after all!
My Granbull is such a timid little princess.
She likes to look her best, but she gets scared when people stare.
I have to say something...
I can't be afraid. I have to try to be nice.
I want to make friends. Just need some courage...
Umm... Uhh... H-hey!
The Pokémon Center is where all the latest trends start, so there's always a lot of people.
You can usually see some friends, and there will always be people you don't know.
If there's someone you're interested in, maybe you can make friends with them. You need the courage to talk to them first, though...
I got up the courage to say something, but I forgot to ask if we could be friends.
But if I keep going to the Pokémon Center, I'm sure I'll get another chance!
Can't be burned, huh? That's pretty surprising.
I wonder, is there anything more fashionable?
With a passive skill, I'll be a very capable girl.
Once you and your Pokémon get strong enough, you'll learn a passive skill.
Passive skills are special capabilities of sync pairs. They can stop you from being burned and stuff.
I can't wait to see what passive skill we'll learn!
If I had a passive skill that kept me from being burned...
maybe I could drink hot coffee without cooling it off first!
Emotes are super useful.
Emotes can say way more than words can.
I use waaay too many emotes...
I dream about emotes all day long...
Sometimes I spam them during battles.
I'm totally hooked on emote spamming!
When you want to communicate during a Pokémon battle, emotes are totally super useful.
I know what you mean!
Oh, you do?! We're, like, so good together!
You can literally say anything with emotes, like "TYVM!" or "Yeet!" or "Hundo P!"
So fire!
Maybe we should, like, just talk with emotes?
I think that may be a little too much.
Hey! Look me in the eyes! There! All right—let's battle.
Strong-willed girls are cute, right?
When Trainers' eyes meet, it might be time for a Pokémon battle.
Or I've also heard that you might fall in love.
