Listen, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Just like how thin ice on a lake gradually thickens...
it's important to keep up gradual improvement. You did well to come again today.
No matter how resistant to cold I get, I'll never be able to beat...
the chill of loneliness.
I was a very sickly child, so I went to an island with very clean air to help me heal.
I had to live alone in a room without people or Pokémon until I was fully cured.
It was...very lonely.
Back in those days, my best friend was a stuffed toy Pokémon.
It was a big stuffed toy Lapras. It shows up in my dreams even to this day.
Have you seen a pack of the adorable Sea Lion Pokémon, Seel?
They swim through arctic rivers and roll around on icebergs as if they were spirits of the sea.
And the colder it gets, the better they feel. It must be wonderful...
to be able to gaze up at a sky of ice from the bottom of the frigid water.
Seel feel better the colder it gets, but if you give them a hug, they're surprisingly warm.
They're covered in squishy blubber and fluffy fur. It feels wonderful!
There was a time when I just traveled and traveled, riding on Lapras's back.
Back in those days, Lapras were near extinction.
So I would search for Lapras to protect them with Ice-type moves.
Now that we've been protecting them for so long, you can find Lapras in the wild again.
The reason I started my adventures was because I wanted to reach an aurora.
Of course, now I know that's impossible.
It doesn't matter why you started out. What matters is that you keep moving forward, even if your goal changes.
It's funny to think that the girl who was chasing auroras became an Elite Four member.
But even though I was able to join the Elite Four, I was never able to reach an aurora. Hee hee!
How strong do you want to become at Pokémon battles, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I've always wanted to just keep getting stronger.
As the ice Pokémon Trainer of the Kanto Elite Four, and as the Trainer for my own Pokémon, I can always be stronger.
I've always been fighting against evildoers who would try to harm my friends.
Protecting Lapras was easy, thanks to my name as an Elite Four member.
The secret to my strength is my strong desire to protect Pokémon I love.
Here, you can have this. Use it how you like.
But when you do use it, be sure to thank me first.
No, I'm not going to tell you how you should use it.
Even if you make a mistake, that will be its own lesson.
What you aim for, what ideals you hold— that's all up to you.
But don't do anything that would make your Pokémon sad.
If your heart ever becomes cold as ice...
I'll be right there to thaw you out.
In fact, I might get so heated that you'd get burned.
I wonder why whenever I look at you...
I feel a smile creep onto my face.
I feel like my stuffed-toy collection is going to keep growing as long as I stay on this island.
Lapras, Swinub, Slowpoke, Seel.
And they're all in poses that I've never seen anywhere else!
Of course I need to buy them all.
*sigh* There's no way I could choose just one.
Since I have the opportunity, I might as well try to gather all the stuffed toys.
But only the cute ones, of course. Could you help me choose?
Good morning. Wash your face with cold water— it'll wake you right up.
What a beautiful morning! I bet it would feel good to surf on a Pokémon.
You need the most energy around noon. It's the same for people and Pokémon.
Everyone is getting more active... But there are still some Pokémon that are zoning out...
My Pokémon were practicing their moves tonight. It's dark now, so watch out for all the ice.
Go to bed early, before you catch a cold. But if you come down with a fever, I'll cool you off.
