Hm? If it isn't [Name:PlayerNickname ]! It's good to see you today.
When I see how much you or my son has grown and accomplished, I can't help but think I need to train more, too.
The Trainers of my Gym are all very powerful.
True strength acquired from proper practice means not running from even the most difficult of battles.
When you face a challenge, I want you to answer it with all you've got!
At my Gym, everyone battles each other without ever holding back, all in the name of growing stronger.
I am no different. I am always thinking of new ways to win in battle.
Sometimes I run into my kid at the Pokémon Center.
The other day I saw him wearing his clothes inside out. Honestly, he can be so careless sometimes. It reminds me of someone...
What? No, not me! I'd never do something like wear my clothes incorrectly!
Torn, tattered, or dirtied clothes...
Whenever we see each other, we both look that way, I suppose.
Looking like that... I feel like I should say something, but I just end up laughing.
Slaking is very powerful, but he will start loafing around right away. That's his weakness.
I understand Slaking's strong and weak points, so I want to make the most of everything he is able to do!
If you understand the strengths and weaknesses of Pokémon, too, battles will become much easier for you.
I don't just mean your own Pokémon, either. Knowing about all kinds of Pokémon is important.
If you do, you'll be ready to counter against any Pokémon's strengths.
If you want to learn about Slaking's power, I'm ready to battle anytime!
I've got a few other Pokémon besides Slaking here, but they're all back at home looking after my Gym.
I wonder how they're doing with the Trainers... Not slacking off, I hope!
Blissey and Linoone are probably all right, but Spinda's eyes are always spinning around and it has a tendency to wander off.
They're all definitely training hard every day.
That goes for people, too! It's no different for people or Pokémon! If you want to get stronger, you can't hold anything back!
Have you ever considered the emotions that come with a battle's end, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
Happiness, sadness... There are many different things you can feel.
All of those feelings become the foundation of your strength, so remember them well.
Losing, even when you battle with all your might, is painful—even for adults.
What I mean is that hating to lose is a childish thing to do.
I've been looking for you! I was thinking I wanted to give this to you.
I think you'll be able to put that to good use. I'll continue to keep supporting you.
That gift I gave you a while ago? You don't have to worry about giving me anything in return.
I thought you could use it, so I gave it to you. That's all there is.
It may be surprising, but even I get worried about things sometimes.
For example, when I go on a trip, I always worry about what kind of souvenirs I should bring back as gifts.
What, you thought it was a more serious kind of worry? Well to me, that is serious.
It's something that will travel far and be given to someone. So I have to choose carefully.
To find a great gift, I actually did a bunch of research about Pasio.
There are just so many different things I'm sure my family would like.
Hmm. I can't decide. If you see something good, let me know.
As a Trainer and as a Gym Leader, I've learned many things.
But even so, I still feel like I'm not giving it my all. That's why I'm participating in the PML.
Winning a battle isn't easy. Especially since there are so many strong Trainers like you around.
There's a lot to learn! My hope right now is to learn as much as I can from everyone.
Tactics and counter tactics are different between regions and generations.
However, changing to whatever others do isn't actual strength. A strong Trainer has unshakable conviction.
When I see you battle, I'm reminded of my son. I think you two are similarly determined.
Good morning. Let's give it our best effort today.
Morning. Did you sleep well? I'll be counting on you today.
Have you eaten? You must take care of your body.
Time sure can fly in the afternoon. Be careful not to waste too much of it.
Days with you sure go by fast. Make sure to rest up for tomorrow.
It's already getting dark. Watch your step, and keep an eye out for nocturnal Pokémon.
