Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I figured you'd be coming soon.
Battles seem more fun when you're around. Let's do our best today, too!
I've been traveling all over the place, and then I was called here to Pasio.
Traveling is good for you. You get to see new sights and meet new people and Pokémon.
You're one of the new people I've met during my travels, you know? And I'm very happy for that!
Don't you think it's kind of miraculous when we meet new people or Pokémon?
The world is so big, there are so many people and Pokémon that'll never meet each other...
And yet we've met here, and now we're talking and becoming friends!
I hope we can make this meeting something really special.
I like Pokémon battles because I really want to experience the joy of victory, I guess.
So much goes into winning a battle. You have to plan your strategy, raise your Pokémon, read your opponent's moves...
It just feels wonderful when you can bring all those factors together and seize victory!
When we win, my Pokémon get really happy, too!
That goes for that frustrating feeling when we lose, too, of course.
I think Pokémon battles are a form of communication.
I know my Oshawott is pretty tiny, but he's really good at Pokémon battles.
He's defeated much larger Pokémon by using his smaller size as an advantage.
He's the best partner I could have for my travels!
My Oshawott is, what do you call it... Stoic, I guess.
He wakes up earlier than even I do and goes out on his own to train.
I guess he's strong because he takes battles so seriously...?
Even if it's a place you've been to many times before, you can discover new things if you just pay a little closer attention.
I really enjoy looking for little secrets like that, you know?
You might discover a path you never saw before or meet new Pokémon. It's hard to quit exploring once you get into it!
I'd love it if we could go exploring together, too!
Forests and mountains are fun to explore, sure, but cities can also be really exciting.
My favorite thing to do is look for great restaurants that are off the beaten path!
Besides, if the Pokémon I meet seem like they're having fun, it makes me smile, too!
I feel comfortable when I'm with you. You're reassuring, somehow.
So, y'know, even if you become an amazing Trainer...
I hope our relationship won't change. I hope we'll stay friends.
So, uh, this is a little embarrassing, but... Let's stick together, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
When I watch your Pokémon battles, it makes me feel...
It's hard to explain. Like my heart's on fire? It makes me want to battle, too.
Hey, I found something good, so I figured I'd share it with you!
It's best to share happiness with another person, after all!
I'm pretty good at finding items, since I've traveled so much.
I'll let you know if I find anything else good!
I'm really looking forward to the Pokémon battles on Pasio.
Each place has its own powerful Trainers.
So whenever I'm going to face strong Trainers, I always wonder how far I'll be able to go.
Seeing you get stronger and stronger... It really makes me feel like I can't lag behind, either!
In other words, you are a great inspiration for me!
I'm a bit of a sore loser. I try not to let it show, since I don't want people thinking I'm childish.
But that does mean I battle to win, even if it's against you!
You're my friend, and that's why I want to go all out in our battles! No holding grudges, even if you lose!
It's like, we're together a lot...but that's exactly why I don't want to lose. Do you have that kind of competitiveness, too?
I guess having this kind of feeling about each other is what you'd call a rivalry.
Well, I hope we can stay good friends—and good rivals!
Morning! Did ya eat a good breakfast? You'll feel better if you eat.
Morning! Sleep well? I can't wait to have a ton of Pokémon battles today!
Good afternoon! Eating lunch made me sleepy...
Afternoon! Wanna go for a walk or something? Oh, and while we're at it, I also want to do some Pokémon battles.
Good evening! It's a nice night, right? Quiet, calm, and pleasant.
Evening. A day goes by fast, huh. I'm not done having fun yet!
