[Name:PlayerNickname ]! I'm so happy to see you!
I'm looking forward to another day of fun with you!
I asked my Swoobat and Unfezant to take care of the Gym while I'm away.
I hope they're not getting into any trouble. I'm a little worried about them...
Hmmm, maybe I should head home for a bit to check on them.
Yeah right! There's still so much I want to do on Pasio—there's no way I'm heading home yet!
It's not just Pokémon taking care of the Gym. There are a bunch of Trainers there, too.
They should be fine if I'm away a while longer.
Ooh, but I should make sure I check in often. I don't want them to miss me too much!
My Swanna can really move when she battles, so I can always count on her.
She's normally calm, though, and likes to stay neat and looking her best.
That's why I always have to keep a brush just for Swanna with me.
Swanna really loves showing off her bright white wings!
It really brought her down when they got dirty in battle, so I cleaned her up right away!
At my Mistralton City Gym, we send Trainers flying with cannons and fans.
Doesn't that sound like a superfun thrill? I thought it was a brilliant idea, if I do say so myself.
But it seems like a lot of Trainers get worn out before they can get all the way to me.
You seem tough enough to not be bothered at all if you were sent flying.
If you're interested, you should come take a shot at my Gym.
Isn't my hair tie cute? I love it!
It's really well designed, too. It's easy to gather my hair up and keep it in place.
Even when the wind is strong, it doesn't get blown away or come loose or anything.
When you're flying into the wind, your glasses will fly away in a heartbeat.
You have to secure all your personal items when you go flying!
Some places would take forever to walk to.
But you can fly to them right away in a plane!
It feels great to fly over mountains and forests.
[Name:PlayerNickname ], you should come take a trip through the skies with me!
Flying into the wind or way up above the clouds is so much fun.
And when you've got some Pokémon that can fly with you, it's even more fun!
Good to see you! I've got a present for you.
I spotted it as I was flying overhead. It's all yours, so use it however you want!
Hee-hee! No matter how far away things are, a pilot's eyes can see them!
I'll probably find something else nice on another flight. I'll let you know when I do!
There are so many reasons I like flying, it's hard to explain them all.
I guess the main thing is that my Pokémon and I can fly anywhere we want.
There are no walls or ceiling to box us in—the freedom of it feels great.
There's more to the sky than just blue and some nice white clouds floating by.
Sometimes it rains, sometimes the winds are strong. Some days, the sky's just right for flight, and some days it's not.
It makes you feel like the sky is alive.
Some things can be tough to do on your own, but if you have help, you can get it done.
I think that's really awesome.
People and Pokémon are all different, so when we combine our efforts, our power is on a whole different level, too!
I hope I can battle with even more people and Pokémon.
Maybe the reason Pokémon battles are so fun is because people and Pokémon get to spend some quality time together.
I mean, you can't have a Pokémon battle all by yourself!
That's why I always try to enjoy myself when I'm having a Pokémon battle.
Good morning! Hee hee! Pilots are good at waking up early, you know!
Morning! I hope today's full of fun!
Hi there! The weather's perfect for a flight today. What do you say?
Hiya! Isn't the weather nice today? Maybe I should go clean my plane.
Evening! You're working pretty late, huh? Are you staying up for something exciting?
Playing outside at night always gives me such a thrill! You have to be careful, though. It's kinda hard to see.
