There you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! It's about time! I thought you'd never come.
Heh heh, so... Let's get exploring!
What are you staring at? Don't be so rude.
Are you...impressed by my clothing?
Well, there must be more to you than meets the eye if you understand the beauty of this style!
This is the ultimate fashion, appropriate for the ultimate Gym Leader!
No, it's not strange—and I'm not embarrassed to be wearing it, either!
Heh, it's not a bad feeling to have an admirer.
Very well! You may admire me to your heart's content!
Do you know the famous dragon Trainer, Lance? He's actually my cousin.
But he never acknowledges my skill, even though we're both dragon users!
Isn't that just awful? What could possibly be lacking from me?
I wonder—is there truly something lacking in me?
Oh, no, it's not that I don't like him. I just feel a little disgruntled is all.
Don't you dare tell anyone I said that, though!
Kingdra is a very special being to me.
She's strong, beautiful, and tough. Her regal form is truly fitting of her name!
And sometimes, when things don't go the way I'd like them to, she comforts me.
Kingdra looks positively divine, I know, but...
She also has a very beautiful heart.
Kingdra and I are like two hearts beating as one. That's why we're the greatest sync pair of all.
It can be difficult to raise Dragon-type Pokémon.
But if you don't give up and take things slow and steady, they'll always come through for you.
Unfortunately, some Trainers do just give up in the face of the challenge.
So one of my goals is to teach such Trainers the proper way of raising Dragon types.
I don't want there to be any more unhappy Pokémon or Trainers.
If you want to become a Dragon-type user, your first step should be to find a Pokémon you really like.
It's always best to raise a Pokémon you like. And then, someday, we can have a Dragon-type showdown!
Hey! [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
There should be lots you can learn from me, the world's best Dragon-type master!
If you insist, I wouldn't mind personally training you.
Hee hee, once the PML is over, come visit me.
I'll make you my apprentice! Think of the honor!
Well, that's settled! You'll come to me! You promised now, so no backing out!
Hey, one moment. Uh, well... Here, you can have this. I just happened to come across it.
Take it. If you don't want it, you don't have to keep it.
Since I personally gave you a gift, you should treat it like it's me and treasure it.
Oh! But no holding back, though! Use it whenever you need it!
I can feel it!
You're getting very interested in Dragon-type Pokémon, aren't you?
Hmph, well, I can understand being drawn to powerful beings!
But Dragon-type Pokémon are proud creatures of legend!
They won't warm up to you so easily!
They only lend their strength to Trainers who are truly worthy.
It can be difficult to truly bond with one, but a Dragon-type Pokémon is definitely the best Pokémon to have as a partner!
I think you will become obsessed with them, too.
To me, defeat is an impossibility.
Victory is everything. That's how I've always battled.
That's the only way I can show the strength of Kingdra and me.
That's why we have to win, no matter who we're facing.
Yes, I've always felt like I didn't want to lose for my own sake, but from now...
No, never mind.
You're someone who I'm willing to admit is strong, OK?
So I won't forgive you if you lose to anyone other than me.
Promise me you won't lose to anyone! Promise!
Did you wake up early just so you could waste time?
I have some time to talk, if you don't have anything else to do.
Why don't you get moving instead of wasting time fooling around?
Good weather today. I'm in a good mood, so I suppose I can spend time with you.
Staying up late is bad for you. Get some rest while you can.
You're still awake? Well, I suppose I could keep you company, if you insist.
