Alola, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You got here at the perfect time!
I hope you have surprises and inspiration in your adventures today.
You like my necklace? I think it's pretty, too!
Believe it or not, I run a jewelry shop on the side—while also being a kahuna.
And sometimes, keeping the raw and rough edges makes the jewels look fancier!
If you ever find yourself interested in jewelry, come to my shop!
The wares might be pricy, but my selection is top-of-the-line!
Are you eating properly? Pokémon battles drain Trainers as well as Pokémon.
I eat well so I can battle well anyplace and anytime.
Maybe that's why I like a person who appreciates good food!
I would totally recommend the Z-sets you can get in Alola!
They really pile food onto your plate, and they use tasty family recipes. They're my favorite!
Though I hear that some people are just after the Heart Scales that come along with the dish!
Golem from the Alola region look different than ones from other regions.
They throw electrified rocks. Isn't that pretty neat?
And those electrified rocks shine like jewels and are really pretty.
Beautiful and strong! That's what I really like about that move.
There are a lot of Pokémon that you can only see in the Alola region.
If you find any Trainers from Alola, maybe you can ask them to show you their Pokémon.
My trusty partner is the rough 'n' tough Lycanroc!
He's flexible and kindhearted. In a way, he's the opposite of me.
But that's why I'm drawn to him. I think it's the same for him, too.
That being said, all my Pokémon are adorable!
They're like my children.
I like soft and cute things.
I even collect Stufful and other Pokémon plush.
I might be the kahuna, but really, I'm just your average girl, you know?
So you can be more relaxed around me, OK?
Wouldn't it make it easier for both of us if we just acted natural around each other?
At the least, it would make me happier if we could be like that.
Being laid-back is the best for both people and Pokémon. Always being proper is so tiring.
If you're ever in a jam, talk to each other, and when things are calm, laugh with each other. That kind of relationship is the best!
You got a moment?
You've been working really hard, so here's a present from yours truly.
Don't worry about it! I'm munificent like that!
Oh, "munificent" means generous.
Thanks to the fact that I'm both a kahuna and a member of the Elite Four...
I get to meet all sorts of Trainers, but it's never on this kind of scale.
Thanks to the PML, I'm having so much fun interacting with Trainers from all over the world.
You don't get this kind of experience very often, so make sure you enjoy yourself while you can!
With there being so many people from all over the world...
maybe I can find somebody special myself.
You really do keep growing stronger, don't you! It's really satisfying to watch!
At this rate, you might even be able to reach the apex of all Trainers.
You have that much potential!
Your team members trust you because of your strength.
Even I'm drawn to your strength and your personality.
I want you to show me more of your Pokémon battles in the future, too!
Alola! Today looks like it's going to be a lovely day, doesn't it.
*yawn* I think I slept in a little too late today... It's tough being a grown-up.
Alola! Have you felt the breeze outside today? It's just lovely!
I've got some kahuna errands I need to run today, but I kinda want to relax and have fun with you instead!
Alola! Aren't you a little young to be out and about this late?
The stars are beautiful tonight, and the air is so clear here.
