Alola, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
All right! Another great day to play with our Pokémon!
Just being on Pasio gets me pumped up!
I don't know anything about this place, so everything is so cool and fresh!
Doesn't it feel great when you make new discoveries?
You know, whenever I feel cramped, I go out on adventures.
I feel that I can become a new me when I breathe some fresh air.
There's always a new view right outside your door! In fact, let's go on an adventure!
Do you know the Pokémon Komala? I really admire them.
They are always asleep, and the only movements they make or battles they get into are just them being restless sleepers.
They might not be able to see me, but maybe we can be friends in their dreams!
Komala are probably adventuring in their dreams!
I wonder if I'll ever be able to go to the dream world...
Even if they build up their electricity, they don't get really antsy.
But I do have to make sure I let my Raichu battle regularly to discharge his electricity.
If I leave it be, you can feel the air get all tingly—even indoors.
After a battle, I would always have malasadas with Raichu. You can only find those in Alola.
He doesn't seem too excited when he eats malasadas...
but he always finishes them, so I think he really likes them.
I'm a Trainer, and I like Pokémon battles a lot.
But this one time, a friend of mine, who isn't a Trainer, saved me.
I realized then that battles aren't about whether you win or lose. They're about whether you have the will to win!
The girl that saved me's named Lillie!
She has a really strong heart!
What do you think of me, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I'd be really happy if you thought I was a good person.
Both people and Pokémon have their good and bad sides, you know?
I think what sets the good people and the bad people apart is whether they can see the good in others or not.
Even bad people have good sides to them.
If not, then why would they have so many allies, you know?
Alola! Here, I have something nice for you!
Sharing makes it that much nicer, too!
This one time, I gave away a lot of stuff without thinking.
Then everybody got really worried about me and started giving me stuff back! I went home with more stuff than I left with!
My gramps is an island kahuna, and he's super strong!
Gramps is really good at bringing out a Pokémon's true strength!
I'm not as good as he is, but I'm doing my best!
Are you able to bring out your Pokémon's strengths?
It'd be great if you could, and I bet you could do some awesome stuff!
One day, I'm gonna be a kahuna like my gramps and make everybody happy!
Have you ever had a Pokémon battle that gave you the chills?
I have! I lost that time, but it was a mixture of enjoyment and frustration.
But it was great! I hope I can have a battle like that again!
If you're aiming to be the best Trainer, that makes us rivals!
I respect you and your Pokémon a lot!
That's why I want to have a real battle with you one of these days and beat you!
Morning! C'mon—I wanna go eat some malasadas!
Wow! Going all out this early? I'm gonna chow down on some breakfast and get going, too!
Alola! It's hard to get out and keep moving on an empty stomach!
I'm gonna grab a bite to eat. Wanna come?
You're working pretty late! I'm gonna do my best, too! See ya!
I get chewed out by my old gramps if I stay up too late.
