Oh, [Name:PlayerNickname ], I've been waiting for you! Come on. Let's get going!
I think we're gonna meet lots of different Pokémon today!
The other day, I was wondering where my Treecko went. Turns out, he was clinging to the ceiling!
I was looking at him, wondering what he was up to, when he suddenly came diving down onto my face.
Seems like it's his new hobby or something. He surprised me, but I did get a good laugh, too!
I told you about my Treecko and his new hobby of diving onto people's faces, right?
Well, we smacked heads when he tried that last time. Ever since then he's become a bit more careful before he dives.
It's really funny watching Treecko carefully line up his jump!
When I was back in the Hoenn region, my Taillow would curl up on my head whenever it got cold.
I think it liked it there 'cause my head is warm. It was pretty much Taillow's special spot.
I don't mind it when it's windy, since it keeps my hat from blowing away, but...
I have to admit, Taillow gets a bit heavy when it sits on my head for too long.
I get worried sometimes that Taillow might just go ahead and turn my hat into a full nest.
In the spring, it even catches the Worm Pokémon Wurmple and leaves them on my hat!
Maybe it's too late about the nest thing, huh?
My dad is actually a pretty amazing Gym Leader.
And my dream is to become a better Pokémon Trainer than my dad!
So I want to learn even more about Pokémon and become stronger than I am now.
Someday, I'd love to become a Gym Leader with my favorite Pokémon.
And be an obstacle for Trainers to overcome, just like my dad.
In order for my dream to come true, I'd better be able to win in the PML, at least!
You know, I have a friend named May. She's my best rival!
I still remember the first time we had a Pokémon battle, back in the Hoenn region.
I'd never had a heated Pokémon battle like that, where we both give it everything we have!
May's always cheerful and energetic, but when she watches stars at night, she gets really quiet.
We were watching shooting stars the other day, and every time she saw one, her eyes lit up.
Her eyes were really pretty, too, like stars!
You need a rival for a journey, right? Like, a friend who helps you keep going and challenges you to become stronger!
Yeah, I've got May, but it's not like we're always together here.
Besides, I can never have too many rivals.
Now, I'd really like my rivals to be strong and dependable—like a partner almost, right?
You wouldn't happen to know anyone like that, would you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
In case it wasn't clear, I was thinking about you when I was talking about all that rival stuff, OK?
I might as well be direct. You're definitely one of my rivals now, OK? [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Oh, I was just looking for you!
You can have this. My Pokémon found it stuck in a tree.
It was a pretty good item, right?
I personally like it a lot, so I hope it comes in handy for you, too!
Do you remember what inspired you to become a Pokémon Trainer?
For me, it was my dad. I always wanted to be an amazing Trainer like him.
I've become stronger so that I could catch up to him.
My dad's a Gym Leader, and I've battled him before. I won that time.
I might have defeated him when he battled me as a Gym Leader, but...
I still don't feel like I've really surpassed him yet. He has more knowledge, more experience, more everything.
So someday, I want to become the better Pokémon Trainer, in every way!
That's why I have Pokémon battles every day! I want to really get to know all the Pokémon, just like my dad!
As I've watched you get stronger, I've started feeling something. I think it's anxiousness?
Until now, all I really thought about was overtaking my dad. But now, you're on my mind.
I don't want you to leave me behind—or even catch up to me! That's what helps me become even stronger.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: you're definitely my rival!
I'm glad you're my rival, you know. It's helped me become even stronger!
I guess this is what you call a healthy rivalry.
Finding a worthy opponent, and competing with them as rivals...
Don't you think it's a good way to be? You'd better stay sharp. You're one of my best rivals now!
Great weather this morning! Good thing we got up early!
Hey! I woke up to the sounds of chirping Pokémon. Anyways, I'll be counting on you today!
It's afternoon already? The perfect time for Pokémon battles!
There's a lot of stuff on sale here, so you can always find something new.
I want to know more about Pokémon you can only find at night!
Wow, the stars are beautiful tonight. Maybe we'll see a shooting star!
