My battle strategy is different from others...
Whittle them down with status conditions...
Overwhelm them with stat changes...
There are numerous methods for fighting in a Pokémon battle!
Dominating the battlefield with powerful attacks is one way, but using logic and strategy can win battles as well.
Pokémon that seem weak at a glance can actually be very effective in battle by utilizing status conditions and stat changes!
That's the strategy my Pokémon and I often use when we battle.
Even if you don't have a type advantage over your opponent, it's still possible to triumph!
Pokémon battles aren't just about raw strength—they're about strategy, too.
That's the focus of my research, actually, and it's why I've come to participate in the PML!
I just love Voltorb...
Their precise roundness...
A perfect sphere...
Voltorb are perfectly round spheres.
They also happen to share an uncanny resemblance to a Poké Ball! I've always wondered why that is!
In fact, I've dedicated my research to solving that very mystery!
Which came first, the Voltorb or the Poké Ball...
The world may never know!
Pssst. I've got some intel. Want some intel?
It's really good intel. Believe me—it's good.
It's super top secret intel about that professor.
Ah, hello there, Trainer. As thanks for coming over to chat, I'll give you some useful information.
Combining certain moves together can give you an incredible advantage in battle.
If you try using low-accuracy moves after using Telekinesis on a Pokémon...
you'll find that even the low-accuracy moves will be mysteriously on-target!
So? Was that helpful for you?
Try experimenting with different combinations the next time you battle!
I guarantee your battling will be even more enjoyable!
There's way too much stuff I know nothing about.
It would take forever to research it all. There's no way I'm doing that!
You scientists are so dedicated.
Why don't people ever use them?!
If you simply TRIED using one, you'd see how convenient they are!
I gotta spread the word... People need to know.
Tell me—why doesn't anyone bother to read level-up manuals?! They're extremely useful!
Huh? What are you talking about? I've never heard of a level-up manual.
If you train using level-up manuals, you can gain experience without having to battle! Convenient, right?
Interesting... So where can I get ahold of those? Can I buy them somewhere?
They're available for purchase at the shop, but you can also receive them as a log-in bonus sometimes!
Really? I might already have some, then...
Why don't you try checking your bag? See if you have any level-up manuals you can train with!
Heehee, it's time to collect my precious samples...
Careful not to step on the samples at your feet.
I'm in the middle of some significant research here...
Science happens wherever scientists are present!
Namely, this very place, which contains things I'd very much like to research! So do not come any closer!
I'd like to immerse myself in my research now, so I'll be eliminating you from my vicinity. Prepare to battle.
You're on!
Time to eliminate the overly enthusiastic youngster!
If I'm in your way, I can leave...
It seems you can take a hint. I like that.
Would you KINDLY refrain from stomping all over my precious research samples?!
I'd like to immerse myself in my research now, so I'll be eliminating you from my vicinity. Prepare to battle.
You DARE take research away from a scientist?!
Arrrgh! I said don't step there! You'll ruin my precious research samples!
I mean it! Don't come anywhere near my vicinity!
