Oh, there you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I've been waiting forever!
I wonder what kind of new adventures we'll have today! Well, then we're off!
I read up on Pokémon a good deal, you know?
But just reading books doesn't teach you everything about Pokémon.
That's why you have to go out, walk with your own legs, and see them with your own eyes.
That way, you can see Pokémon for yourself. The kind that aren't just recorded as data!
I want to meet all the Pokémon in the world!
Maybe you can call that my dream.
Understanding ecosystems and the mechanisms of Evolution is important, too...
But I'm more interested in the minds of the Pokémon.
I want to know about what they think and how they feel.
I want to understand their emotions so that we can make the world more like how they want it.
If people and Pokémon could understand each other better, we could become even closer!
Think about it! A world where we care for and help each other. Wouldn't that be great?
Totodile's been with me the longest.
She has a little bit of a troublemaker streak, so I had my work cut out for me at the start.
She would try to bite me whenever she got the chance. It was pretty tough!
But in reality, she actually bit me only once.
I fell in a river once and almost drowned. But Totodile bit my hand to try and pull me out.
Seeing a river always reminds me of that day.
And of how Totodile came swimming toward me from the light I saw at the bottom of that river.
It makes me sad whenever I see people showing their Pokémon affection in the wrong way.
They might be trying to make their Pokémon happy...
but ultimately, their Pokémon might not like it or it might end up backfiring.
This happens because people don't have the right knowledge about their Pokémon.
I hope people can educate themselves so there can be a lot less Pokémon that suffer.
Doing what each other wants might be true love...maybe.
Love is difficult, isn't it? But then again, what do I know. Ha ha!
Looking at you, I always get to thinking...
that maybe you and your Pokémon are the ideal image of how people and Pokémon should be.
Neither of you pushes yourself to get along with the other. You just naturally do.
I'm pretty observant, aren't I?
It's not just Pokémon that I observe, you know.
I might have been a Trainer longer than you...
but I have plenty I can learn from you, too!
Here, take this. A present from yours truly.
I'm sure it'll help you out, so it'd be nice if you used it!
I sometimes get presents from people, too.
But this one time, I got one from a Pokémon!
Have you heard of the Legendary Pokémon?
They're Pokémon that rarely show themselves in front of people, if they even ever do.
A while back, I found a Legendary Pokémon called Suicune and chased it.
It was such a beautiful Pokémon. It looked pure and pristine, like a crystal.
If I ever run into Suicune again, I want to show it that I've grown up.
Being able to meet a Legendary Pokémon comes with its fair share of hardships.
Because it's so rare to lay eyes on them, it's that much more awe-inspiring when you do.
It's a shame, but there are people in the world that use Pokémon for evil.
I can never forgive people like that!
Not just because of the fact that they're using Pokémon to do bad things.
But even more than that, as Trainers, they are failing their Pokémon!
Those Pokémon that are trusting those Trainers are betrayed. It pains my heart to see Pokémon going through that...
It would be great if you could show the world how a Trainer and their Pokémon should be.
Not some twisted bond but a true connection between Pokémon and their Trainer.
It's interesting how some Pokémon are waking and some are going to sleep. Their differences make them so fascinating!
The earlier I wake up, the more chances I have to meet cool Pokémon!
We're going on another adventure to meet new Pokémon today! Hehehe!
If I ever get info on a rare Pokémon, I'll be sure to let you know, OK?
Pokémon that appear only at night are sure difficult to meet. *yawn* I'm sleepy...
Even on nights with no moonlight or stars, you can still make out the Pokémon eyes in the dark.
