Hey, hey, hey! Hoo hoo! ♪
I'm so booored! Calling all bored people! Let's do something!
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Heyyy!
Ooh, a new face! I don't think we've met before. Probably. Most likely. Sure!
I'm just your average punk girl! But it seems like fate wanted us to meet, huh. Welp, nice to meet you!
Ooh! You've got a Pokémon with you, right? We should, like, hang out! I've got nothing better to do!
Heyyy!
Don't be shy, pip-squeak! C'mon, have a chat. We're all brothers and sisters here!
I wonder if my Dusclops is OK...
Who can guess what she's thinking... It's pointless.
Does that, like, make me a nihilist? Whatever.
Dusclops doesn't really make sense to me. Like, what's going on in that head of hers?
It feels empty. Like it's just a dark void in there.
I guess that's fine, though... After all, the one with a dark void in her heart is ME! Ahahaha!
What I DO know about this little enigma is that she loves me.
And, well, I love her, too. And, like, just having that friendship is enough for us.
Facing Pokémon with high Special Defense is, like, a hard-core challenge.
Facing Pokémon with low Special Defense is a total breeze though.
My Gengar and I have been hittin' the books!
I, like, really want my Gengar to win more battles.
And, like, when I asked my teacher about it, she told me Gengar's got really high Special Attack and stuff.
So, like, against a Pokémon with low Special Defense, Gengar'll be super strong, I guess.
I mean, I wish she woulda told me that sooner, though. Coulda saved Gengar some trouble.
So, like, I think all this studyin' is startin' to help us win.
Makes me wanna study harder, ya know? I mean, we must be doing somethin' right.
I wonder if I could, like, move here to Pasio... Is that possible?
I don't wanna go home...
I just wanna stay here and have fun forever...
I got transported here to Pasio before I really knew what was happening, and now I'm competing in the PML...
but, like, when the tournament's over, we'll all have to go back home, right?
After hangin' out with all the cool people here, goin' explorin' all the time... I don't wanna leave.
I'd, like, totally swap sides and be a host or something... I could welcome other people to Pasio, ya know?
Yep! I made my decision! Talkin' to my parents about it isn't gonna be very fun, though.
But ya know what? This is what I wanna do! And I'm gonna convince them I made the right decision!
Makin' my way up in the ranks o' this tournament should help my cause, too, yeah?
Hey, wanna hear a joke?
Why don't Crobat live alone?
Heh heh... They like to hang out with their friends!
Did you just wing it? Wait, this one's bat-ter... Sink your teeth into this!
What's the first thing little Crobat learn at school?
Heh heh... The alpha-bat!
What? Not even a giggle? I doubt you could do any better...
Sure I can!
Really? Well...I'm all ears.
What keeps Crobat going?
Hmm... You've got me there! I dunno! What keeps them going?
Heh heh... Bat-teries!
*sigh* And I had such high hopes for that one...
Ugh! I just can't! It's driving me crazy!
HOW is my Pokémon this cute?!
My Pokémon is so cute, it hurts... So pretty and lovely, even when we lose!
This Pokémon is gonna ruin me— I know it... It's just too darn cute! I can't help but spoil it rotten.
I know it's bad to spoil your Pokémon— my parents spoiled me and look how I turned out! I just can't help it...
Wh-why are you looking at me like that! I didn't do anything!
I haven't done anything bad! I swear! C'mon, it's the truth!
Sorry... Sometimes I just get this feeling that, like, everybody around me hates me and looks down on me.
They get scared, and their first reaction is to challenge me to a Pokémon battle...
I think my fashion's super cute, not scary! But I guess it gives people the wrong idea sometimes...
