Heya, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! How's your focus today?!
Mine is on point, as always!
Hey, do you have any interest in the fashion here on Pasio?
I'm super into it!
I've seen a lot of different fashion throughout my journeys.
Everywhere I go, I see people of all shapes and sizes expressing themselves through fashion!
When it comes to being stylish, I'm second to none!
My personal style choices are outfits that represent who I am as a person.
I only wear clothes that I really love. I put a lot of thought into my personal style! It's what they call individuality!
At least...I think.
Melt the ice with the fire in our hearts! That's how Candice likes to battle!
Even Ice-type Pokémon have a burning focus deep inside them.
That way, even if things get a little wild and crazy, they have their focus to keep them on track!
Only their moves need to be icy, after all! A heart full of fiery passion is way cooler than a frigid, cold one!
I suppose I should act cool because I'm an Ice-type Pokémon Trainer...
but that's just not me! I can't force myself to be something I'm not—and I don't want to!
Did you know my Abomasnow is super cool even when she's playing hide-and-seek?!
She can whip up blizzards that blanket her surroundings with white snow, allowing her to hide from everyone!
Isn't that awesome?! Although, when she's the seeker, sometimes she can't find US in her blizzard, either.
You know, my Abomasnow has always been pretty cool!
She knows just when to take this burning enthusiasm of mine down a few degrees with her icy cool attitude. She's the perfect partner!
When you're up on a snowy mountain, you've got to be energized and fully focused!
If you aren't, you could end up freezing over like an icicle! You've got to let your inner fire burn!
No matter where we go, my Pokémon and I are second to none when it comes to focus!
My Abomasnow is such a caring partner. Whenever I get chilly, she's always there to give me a nice warm hug.
Her fur's so fluffy and warm—I'm never worried about the cold, even when it's freezing outside!
[Name:PlayerNickname ]! Anyone ever told you your Pokémon is the spitting image of you?
How wonderful! That just goes to show you what a close bond you have with your Pokémon!
The memories you share with your Pokémon can affect it a lot as it grows, you know!
People and Pokémon are very different from one another... But the feelings we have are one and the same.
One heart, one mind, and in our case, one razor-sharp focus!
Abomasnow picked up something interesting the other day.
We thought maybe you could use it! Here, it's a present from us!
Giving and receiving presents always makes me feel nice inside!
Even after you use them up, that warm feeling still remains!
Abomasnow are extremely tough, but even they have their weaknesses.
That's why we often pair up and train with Maylene!
It's so nice knowing you have a friend beside you, pushing you to work hard and reach your goals together!
Maylene is a super hard worker. When I'm with her, I feel even more focused and eager than when I'm alone!
Maylene and I are planning to train together again soon.
This time, we're focusing our training on fashion research!
You know, sometimes people tell me that it doesn't really matter how focused you are.
They tell me there are obstacles that just can't be overcome by mere focus and willpower.
But to me, that just sounds like you're giving up before you even try! Right?
People only feel that way because they're not focused enough! That's what I think.
When you truly believe in your partner Pokémon, your inner focus will ignite all on its own!
Focus is absolutely vital when it comes to improving your skills!
That's why I'm always hyperfocused, no matter where I am or what I'm doing!
Hiya! Are you focused first thing in the morning? I sure am!
Good morning! Something about telling people good morning makes me feel good.
Hi! How are you? Still plenty of day ahead of us!
Hello there! I feel happy all day when people say hello to me.
Oh, hi! Ready for more? You look pretty focused to me!
Whew. I think I'm getting a little sleepy. Might be time to say good night while I still can!
