Ahahaha! I've been waiting for you! Glad you're here, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Let's deepen our bonds even more today!
Uh-huh. Yup... Ahaha! Uh-huh... Uh-huh...
I was just talking about you with her.
Oh, she went home... I guess she thought to give us some space.
I talked to a lot of people on Mt. Pyre, so I got used to all of them coming and going.
I'm guessing she was just shy, so don't worry about it!
Admittedly, I have a bit of a "Grandma's girl" streak.
Grandma always encourages me.
Whenever I'm feeling down, she tells me a joke to make me laugh.
So when I was a member of the Elite Four and the Pokémon League, I couldn't see my grandma. That made me sad.
Grandma tells me that the most important thing is the bond between you and your Pokémon.
That's why my Pokémon and I cherish our bonds!
There's a Pokémon called Sableye in the Hoenn region!
It has jewels for eyes, which sparkle, and it's really cute!
It's a bit of a prankster, so it might be a handful, but be nice if you ever see one.
A lot of people might not notice them, but there are Pokémon in a lot more places than you would expect!
For example...right behind your back...
Wait a minute... There aren't any wild Pokémon on Pasio...
I've been with Dusclops for a long time now.
Grandma brought her home when I was little and feeling down.
She's been my best friend, and she's stayed at my side ever since!
To have a friend at your side when you're going through hard times is the most precious thing in the world.
Grandma taught me that!
Ahahaha! Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Wouldn't you say our bonds have gotten really strong?
I hope I can introduce you to my grandma soon.
I'm sure she would be really happy to meet you!
My grandma's Pokémon sometimes come to check in on me!
They usually stay near the foot of Mt. Pyre.
Perfect timing! I have a present for you!
A nearby Pokémon told me that it was there.
It was right here until a little while ago. I guess it's shy.
You want to know what kind of training I did on Mt. Pyre?
I battled and befriended Ghost-type Pokémon to understand them better.
I took Grandma's advice to become friends with them more...
And then, by the time I realized it, I had become stronger, too! Isn't the power of bonds amazing?
Ghost-type Pokémon and I have an unspoken understanding.
Because they stay by my side when I'm happy, sad, in good times, and in bad!
That's why I hope I can stay with them forever!
How many other Trainers or Pokémon did you deepen bonds with since you came to Pasio?
I was hoping that I would be able to become stronger here.
And make new friends.
So that's why I'm really happy that I can talk to you like this! Ahahaha!
Talking is great, isn't it? It lets you communicate your feelings to others!
Even if you don't speak the same language, even if you can't see each other...
As long as you want to share something and are willing to listen, you can be friends with anyone!
Morning! Are your ears burning? I was just talking about you!
Haha! It's so nice and quiet this morning, isn't it?
The afternoon sunshine tells me our friendship is gonna grow even stronger today!
Already afternoon, huh? Wish I could have tea with my grandma.
Haha! What great timing! There's been a lot of buzz about you lately!
It's always so lively and fun here at night! But I cherish our quiet conversations, too.
