You'll lose in a flash if you let your guard down.
Nobody likes one-sided battles.
I'd love to teach you all the ins and outs.
Pokémon battles on Pasio all depend on how fast you can make your next move.
You'll get blown away if you just stand there.
Your opponent won't wait for you to make a decision.
Just act before you think. That's a strategy, too!
The best way to learn is to make your body remember the feeling.
If you'd like, I can give you a hands-on crash course whenever you want.
You have to keep track of your Pokémon's condition.
Wait, hold on.
I should check how to help my Pokémon recover...
Battles are all about strategy. Just attacking won't win battles for you.
For example, some moves can cause status conditions.
You have to make sure that you have a way to cure those, too.
There are a lot of different types of status conditions.
Just like how there are all sorts of sicknesses and diseases that people can suffer from.
You wouldn't take cold medicine to treat a burn, would you? You have to make sure you're using the right item for the right status condition.
I'm always with my Pokémon.
My Pokémon are family.
I personally like them to be a little classy.
The more you love your Pokémon, the more they will respond.
See? Look at that. The flowers she's holding look a lot more vibrant, right?
Sorry, I'm so obsessed with Roserade right now!
So...I don't have time for you. And I'm not sorry.
You're soooo cute, Roserade! I could just watch you all day!
As your senior, let me tell you something.
It's just great having somebody by your side.
It's sad, but life can be a bit lonely sometimes...
I always make sure to interact with my Pokémon as a real adult should.
First, make sure you think of others' feelings and don't do anything that would hurt them.
Next, you have to stay with them. Make sure they don't get lonely without you.
... ... ...
I'm an adult, but that doesn't make a difference. Whether you're an adult or a child—that doesn't matter to your Pokémon.
Of course, there are a lot of grown-up Trainers that can't even do that.
That's the sad reality.
We look like mother and child?
Kids are so pure!
I miss when I was like that, too...
I wanna grow up to be like you!
Having a servant is a status symbol!
I think my Pokémon is the best!
The Pokémon I trained are super-duper strong!
Oh, really? That's exciting! Do you want to have a battle?
Yeah! If I win, you have to be my servant!
Your...your servant?
An older, pretty servant like you would be a good status symbol!
Is this young naïveté? Is this little girl serious?
Mmm, I felt eyes on me. Let me show you how a battle's done.
I was tricked!
I have that bad habit of thinking I have the upper hand, and I always fall flat.
I guess humility is important.
But I know I'll forget these mistakes by tomorrow and lather, rinse, repeat... That's me.
I am an adult.
I pride myself on my beautiful and dignified Pokémon battles.
We have to be beautiful no matter where we are.
I'll be the judge of whether you're beautiful or not.
Now, try to bedazzle me with a Pokémon battle!
Get your sunglasses ready!
I like your moxie!
Sorry, I can't.
Oh, well, that's disappointing.
What I want is a polished and beautiful Pokémon battle.
Now, try to bedazzle me with a Pokémon battle!
Strong and beautiful!
So beautiful that I was entranced by you.
Thank you for showing me such a splendid bond.
