Hah! Welcome back, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I was waiting for you!
Help me think of questions for my next quiz!
I am Blaine! I am the Gym Leader of Cinnabar Gym! I'm also known as the Hotheaded Quiz Master!
My Pokémon are all hotheads that were raised on Cinnabar Island!
Now that I'm here, you have nothing to worry about.
If there's anything you would like to know about Pokémon, ask me!
I'll answer you in quiz fashion!
The quizzes I think up are very popular!
All the Trainers who challenged me were happy to take them.
I like hiking up mountains.
Climbing up those mountains is very liberating— especially so if your Pokémon are at your side.
I once got lost and stranded on the mountain, but there was a Pokémon that I saw there...
I could never forget that light that guided me, and I went back many times to look for it.
Ever since the one time I got stranded on the mountain, I've always gone hiking with Ponyta.
He's a Fire Horse Pokémon that has sturdy legs and can easily jump over cliffs and hills!
There is a facility called the Pokémon Research Lab on Cinnabar Island.
They research very interesting things, such as Pokémon Evolution and legends.
Rearranging genes is a practical way to explore the infinite possibilities of Pokémon.
That's some difficult stuff, but the researchers at the lab all believe that they're doing the right thing.
Back in the day, Fuji and I toiled to unlock those secrets, too...
And what we birthed... Well, we thought it was a symbol of the true potential of Pokémon at the time.
I have a friend in Lavender Town.
His name's Fuji, and back in the day, he was an excellent researcher.
Now he manages a refuge for abandoned Pokémon there.
If you ever find yourself in Lavender Town, pay him a visit.
I'm sure a Trainer like you would be able to put a smile on his face.
Whenever I'm thinking up quizzes, I take off my sunglasses so that I can concentrate.
Good ideas just come to me when I do so.
Maybe you could think some up, too. It's surprisingly easy to get hooked!
Hm. I thought of a good quiz!
Are Infernape sharp thinkers or poor?
They're sharp! They are INFERnape, after all!
There you are! I wanted to give you something.
Here you go. Take it!
Do you like it?
Hah! Let your youth—your spirit—burn bright, young one!
Your youth can burn like a blazing flame, and it can burn out just as easily!
Ignite your passion while you can! That is the key to living a hot life!
Fire-type Pokémon are even hotter than their names or appearances might seem!
They will lose to nobody when it comes to heat! From their spirits, their bodies, even how they look when they fight, they are hot and heartful!
In a battle, you should always let your passion burn! That's common knowledge when you fight with Fire-type Pokémon!
Pasio tickles my thirst for both adventure and exploration at the same time!
With it kindling my heart like this, it piques my interest as a scientist and a Trainer!
Of course, I'm interested about you, too! Burn the fire in your heart, and challenge me!
What I want is a Pokémon battle that's as intense as the lava that spews out of a volcano!
And I get the feeling I'll get that from you one day!
Now! Let's ignite our spirits! Our bodies! Ignite and let this battle burn to cinders!
Good morning. A beautiful day, isn't it? Even the Pokémon seem to be bright and chipper!
*yawn* Oh, excuse me! I got carried away thinking up quizzes late last night.
Brilliant weather today! What's that? The glare off my head is blinding you?
Always make sure you eat proper meals! Using your thinking cap burns calories, you know.
Hm? Does the darkness make you nervous? In that case, I suppose my Pokémon could use its flame.
Such a wonderful night! Nights like these always seem to inspire the best quiz questions!
