Ah, there you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. I've been expecting you.
You mustn't let the day go to waste if you mean to bring out the best in your Pokémon. Chop-chop!
There's one ingredient that is guaranteed to make any recipe tastier. Do you know what it is?
It's happiness.
Enjoying a meal with a smile on your face makes everything taste that much more delicious, don't you think?
Watching others enjoy a meal you prepared is the greatest happiness of all for a chef like myself.
You should always endeavor to do your very best in order to bring happiness to yourself and the people around you.
At times, I tend to stress myself out over a lot of things... But you know, not every problem has a definite answer.
That's why it feels so good when you find your own way to solve things. It's a different sort of happiness.
Both cooking and Pokémon training have so many deep layers. We could continue to learn about them forever—and we should!
I've heard some people call me a legendary chef.
But truthfully, I don't think that moniker is entirely accurate.
There is still so much more that I can learn and endeavor to achieve.
I strive to elevate my cooking and my Pokémon battles to a level of true art! They must be masterpieces!
When I'm defeated in a Pokémon battle, I feel that my own weakness is to blame.
I need to draw out the absolute best in my Pokémon, or I'll never achieve my goals.
I met my Clawitzer when he was still a Clauncher, and he's been my most dependable front-liner ever since.
It was a bit shocking how we first met, actually. I still remember it clearly to this day...
You see, Clauncher somehow got mixed in with some ingredients I had procured for a recipe of mine.
After I'd gotten over my initial shock, I thought to myself, this Pokémon would really shine in a battle!
Finding Clauncher among my ingredients that day and making that immediate judgment set things in motion for the long term.
And you know, if you really think about it, it wasn't I who found Clawitzer...
It was Clawitzer who found me.
Once, I decided to leave Kalos and go on a journey to discover the ultimate recipe.
I was fishing one day and caught a Magikarp, but it was no ordinary Magikarp. I felt immense potential within it.
Eventually I learned that my instincts were correct. It more than lived up to my expectations.
When it evolved into Gyarados, the pair of us conquered many a rough wave together.
Potential is something that lies hidden within.
Drawing out that hidden flicker of light is the job of every Trainer—as well as the job of a world-class chef.
I'm so glad that we had the opportunity to meet, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
You are a Trainer that possesses the ability to draw out the most amazing potential in your Pokémon.
I firmly believe that you have a bright future ahead of you. There's so much you will accomplish.
Your strength as a Trainer is directly related to your ability to bring out the best in your Pokémon.
Remember that, and I'm positive you'll continue to grow even stronger.
I found something interesting while I was cleaning up the kitchen. Here, take it.
I'm certain you won't let a fine item like this go to waste.
Both Trainers and chefs should endeavor to make the most of the raw materials they start with!
If I find anything else you might like, I'll be sure to send it your way.
The art of cooking and Pokémon battling are both beautiful in their impermanence.
The end result may only last for a short while, but it takes a great amount of time and devotion to get up to that point.
That brief moment feels special because of all that time spent earnestly debating, researching, learning, and practicing.
One could call it a compilation of their life. That's why we must always do the very best we can.
Our Pokémon are always inching closer and closer into our hearts.
I'm constantly tackling my own worries and stress for that reason.
When I do, we all end up feeling a little bit happier.
To be truly happy, we must continually devote ourselves.
You know, when it comes to Pokémon battling, you help me out in a myriad of ways.
I'd like to treat you to a delicious meal. One that I've poured my heart and soul into.
This conundrum I've been going back and forth over—whether or not Pokémon battles are worthy of being called art...
I'd like you to taste my food—my art— and tell me what you think the answer to that question is.
In essence, the art of cooking and Pokémon battling are one and the same.
The quality of the ingredients, the skill of one's Pokémon... Drawing out the best of each will take you to greater heights.
I know that you have great effort and true skill. That's why I feel I can ask you this question.
Morning. Have you eaten a well-rounded breakfast? It's the most important meal of the day.
A new dawn, a new day. One should savor every last moment lest tomorrow never come.
Hello! Did you have a nice lunch? One is not living if one is not enjoying food.
Hohoho! What shall I cook for dinner tonight? I'll need to stock up on ingredients.
A tip: Try chewing your food slowly, and really savor the flavor. That always gives me a boost of motivation!
Remember to get a good night's sleep tonight so that you're ready for tomorrow's adventures.
