There you are, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Are you ready to get out there and do some exploring today?
Come on—let's give it all we've got! And don't be afraid to ask questions, OK? You can ask me anything!
So, what's your policy when it comes to training up your Pokémon?
I mean, what do you think about when choosing a Pokémon to be your partner in a sync pair?
When you're aiming to master something, I feel like sticking to a policy is super important.
You and your Pokémon always look like you're having so much fun while you battle.
Whatever your personal policy is when it comes to training, I'm sure it must be as all-out powerful as mine!
That's really amazing, you know!
I'm so excited for the Pokémon Masters League! Only the toughest Trainers get to compete.
If I get the chance to battle it out, I'd love to go up against a certain Ice-type Trainer...
Lorelei, from the Indigo League Elite Four in Kanto! I'll show her what an all-out offensive looks like!
I've always looked up to Lorelei's calm, cool, intellectual battle style.
I've already battled against so many different Trainers since coming to Pasio.
I feel like I'm bound to face her eventually!
Water-type Pokémon are all so adorable, don't you think?
Starmie, Psyduck, Dewgong, Quagsire, Seaking, Lanturn, Slowbro...
Lapras, Gyarados, Horsea, Blastoise, Seel, Seadra, Poliwhirl...
I love every last one of them! But it's Starmie here that I chose to partner up with as a sync pair.
Do you like Water-type Pokémon, too?
Starmie is so nice. It always helps me out with morning training.
And there's nothing like surfing the waves on a Lapras! Let me know if you ever feel like giving it a shot!
That red crystal in the center of Starmie's body is what we call its "core." It kinda looks like a jewel, right?
Well, it may be pretty, but Starmie's not just for looks! Starmie is actually super fast.
It's also great at supporting its allies— Starmie's just a really dependable Pokémon all around!
Did you know that Bubble Beam is one of Starmie's specialties?
As moves go, it's a lot more powerful than Bubble. The number of bubbles it spews out is really amazing!
Next time we battle, I'll show you what I'm talking about!
I've done a lot of traveling, even before coming here to Pasio.
But ever since I teamed up with you, I've felt like my Pokémon and I have become closer than ever before.
Battling on a team with you has helped me realize so many things I never noticed before.
I'm so glad I decided to come to Pasio! And thank you!
For a long time, it was my dream to go off on a journey and battle against tough Trainers...
That dream came true, but now I have a new one: to defeat you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
I'm so glad we were able to meet here on Pasio!
Great timing! I've got something for you that I think you're gonna like!
Here, this is from me. Make sure you take good care of it, OK?
I don't know why, but giving people presents always feels a little embarrassing.
Anyway, now that you have it, you'll have to decide how best to use it!
If you want to be better friends with your Pokémon, my advice to you is to train in an environment that it likes!
I use Water-type Pokémon, so I end up at the beach more often than not.
For us, swimming, surfing, and spending time together there is really important.
Hmm... Should I buy a new swimsuit or some new clothes for training...
When it comes to self-improvement and looking good, I never spare any expense.
Working on yourself is just as important as working on your Pokémon!
Have you gotten used to Pasio yet? For being an artificial island, it sure is huge.
Do you have a favorite spot that you like to go to? If you do some exploring, you might discover someplace new!
There aren't any wild Pokémon to catch here, but battling with all the different Trainers is actually a lot of fun!
The sunsets on Pasio are so pretty.
I've always loved gazing out at the sunset back home on the Cerulean Cape, too.
I feel like it's giving me a push— like it's telling me to do my best tomorrow, too!
Morning! Starmie and I were just about to go out for some early training!
A quick swim right after you wake up is a perfect, refreshing start to the day!
Hey! Are you free right now? How about a quick swim?
Snack time's over! Time to get out there and use up all this energy! Wanna battle?
Are you going out to train at this hour? Have fun, but don't overdo it!
Man, I don't feel sleepy at all yet! Maybe it's because I took a nap while surfing with my Pokémon earlier...
