Oh! Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You're looking bright eyed and bushy tailed today!
I'm feeling great myself! Let's both get out there and do our best today!
What? Is there something stuck to my face? Or...
Is it that the buns on my head look like meatballs or something?!
How very kind of you to notice! Even Snivy started making googly eyes at my hair buns the other day...
She started nibbling on them, thinking they were actual food! Silly Snivy...
Ugh, all this talk about food is making me hungry now...
What do you think the chances are that my hair buns have actually turned into meatballs without me noticing it? Hmm...
There are so many different Trainers from all over the world gathered here on Pasio right now.
The Pokémon everyone's brought along are all so different, too! I hope I get the chance to battle each and every one.
You know what? I WILL battle them all! I'm gonna make it happen for sure!
This could be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, you know? As a Trainer, I'd be silly to pass it up!
As long as you keep on battling, you're bound to end up facing opponents from all over the world!
Especially right now, with everyone gathered around for the festivities! It feels like one big party!
I love going out to big open fields to play with my Pokémon.
We can relax and soak up the sun, and as a bonus, the photosynthesis process seems to perk up my Grass-type Pokémon!
Being there always makes me feel good, too. It's beneficial in all kinds of ways!
Wait a sec! Do you think the reason my energy and enthusiasm is always at one thousand percent is because... *gasp*
because I'm constantly breathing the pure, clean air that my Grass-type Pokémon produce around me?!
Pokémon battles are a ton of fun, but sometimes it's nice to just slow down and take a stroll.
Actually...that's totally a lie.
The truth is, I'm always itching to battle! I just love Pokémon battling that much!
If someone were to ask me what my favorite thing in the whole wide world is, I would absolutely say Pokémon battling!
It's weird... Sometimes I wonder how it's even possible that I love Pokémon battling this much.
All I know is that for me, Pokémon battling is the funnest thing in the whole universe!
Wow, you're just getting stronger by the day, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Watching it happen right here beside me just fills me with warm fuzzies!
If we keep working hard, someday we'll mark our place among the top Pokémon Trainers in the world!
The heat and excitement of a Pokémon battle is like...like the climax of a really good movie!
When your heart's pounding and you're on the edge of your seat... It's so much fun, you just can't help it!
So, the other day I battled this REALLY strong sync pair! I wish you coulda seen the way I handled it!
Anyway, I picked this up for you at the time! Here, it's a present!
Gotcha something! I'm sure it'll come in handy!
I mean, how could anything I give you NOT come in handy? Kidding, kidding...
Are you going out exploring today? I feel like something good's gonna happen!
I mean, it's just my intuition, though... It's not like I have proof or anything!
Then again, just getting to meet someone and talk to them qualifies as good in my book!
I love Pokémon battling, but I also really love talking to other people!
Plus I'm greedy, so I just wanna do all the fun stuff all the time!
If something fun happens, please tell me! I'd love to hear all about it!
You know, since meeting you, I've learned so many amazing things.
Things like...like just how precious the bond is between a Trainer and their Pokémon!
I still have a lot left to learn, but you just watch! Pretty soon I'll be impressing you with how I've grown!
You know, I sometimes get a little sad when I lose a Pokémon battle. Or I feel like I'm just not good enough.
But then I think about how much potential I have to grow stronger, and suddenly I feel all better!
It's important to stay positive, you see? Taking that first little step will really propel you forward!
Good morning! Ready to go all out today? I know I am!
Good morning! Let's make sure we put today to good use!
Hiii! I think it's time for a tasty afternoon snack!
Oh man, I'm itching to get out there and battle! So, when are we going? Now?
Hi there! It's not good to stay up too late, you know!
Whoa, look at the time! We should go to sleep soon so we're not tired tomorrow!
