[Name:PlayerNickname ] heard that Maylene was training up in the mountains, so [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to go and check it out [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="himself" F="herself" ].
Upon arriving, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] found Maylene and her Meditite in focused meditation.
... ... ... ... ... ...
Hello?
Ack! Is that you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?!
Aw, shucks! I'm not supposed to talk while I'm meditating...
I guess this is proof I haven't perfected it yet. If I can hear voices, it means I'm not concentrating hard enough.
... ... ...
Mm... Do you have to stare at me like that? You're ruining my concentration.
*sigh* I suppose me getting flustered means I'm not concentrating enough in the first place.
Sorry, let's start again. Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Sorry if that came across as rude! I should be embarrassed, seeing as how you hiked all the way up here to see me...
I need more training...
I don't really have anything I can serve you up here, unfortunately, but feel free to make yourself at home.
Oh, wait! This might be a good opportunity for us to train together! What do you think, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I was planning on trying out the training regimen that Meditite always follows, starting today.
She has one meal per day—one Berry. She sleeps for one hour total and spends about 15 hours in meditation...
It sounds pretty tough, but I think it will be great experience for us in the end!
Won't you get hungry?
It's fine! I've got a lot of self-discipline.
I'm used to sticking to a strict diet. I've been following a pretty tough training regimen for a while now.
So yes! I'll be totally fine...I think.
Won't you get sleepy?
It's fine! I've got a lot of self-discipline.
If I hyper-focus on my training, maybe I won't think about my lack of sleep!
So yes! I'll be totally fine...I think.
Huh? Oh, sorry, Meditite! You're getting impatient to start your training, aren't you?
No? Hmm... What's the matter?
She sounds a little concerned.
Aw... I think Meditite might be worried about me following her training regimen.
To tell you the truth, I wasn't really sure if I could do it to begin with...
I think she's trying to warn you.
Really? Is that true, Meditite?
She must be worried about me following her training regimen...
You know, maybe I was getting a little ahead of myself.
I got a little absorbed in the idea of growing stronger with my Meditite.
What do you think I should do now?
Let's do some training that's meant for Trainers, not Pokémon.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Let's find something easier.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
I shouldn't overdo it—I should just start with what I know, then slowly work my way up to more challenging training.
After all, people and Pokémon are different, so of course they're going to struggle with different things.
Thank you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I think I learned an important lesson today!
I'm going to start my new training regimen with something more reasonable, like climbing up cliffs and things!
Climbing up...cliffs?
Uh... Isn't that something people can't usually do?
Pardon?
Uh... Isn't that something people can't usually do?
It's fine! If I build up my leg muscles, I'll be able to keep going after battle without getting tired!
[Name:PlayerNickname ], want to go climbing with me? I bet it'll be really fun!
