[Name:PlayerNickname ] saw Lyra enter the forest and followed her until reaching a clearing.
Oh! Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I didn't expect you here!
I saw you entering the forest.
Oh, I see! I was planning on spending the day with Chikorita, but you would definitely be a welcome addition!
I was just in the neighborhood.
Oh, I see! I was planning on spending the day with Chikorita, but you would definitely be a welcome addition!
I came out here to let Chikorita sunbathe.
Well, here we are, Chikorita! Go find a spot you like!
She seems happy.
Chikorita likes places with good sunlight!
She's so energetic!
Of course she is! She's my partner, after all!
You know how they say that the longer the Pokémon stays with the Trainer, the more similar they become?
I love Pokémon—all Pokémon. That's why I want to treat all of them the best I can!
They are all so adorable!
Oh, look! It looks like she found a good spot!
Can you smell that sweet scent in the air?
That's proof that Chikorita is in a good mood.
When we were traveling around Johto, she would let this aroma waft around all the time.
On sunny days, both she and I would lie down in the sun...
And before we knew it, we would have both fallen asleep.
Ahaha, now that I think about it, we may have made nothing but detours during our travels.
Admittedly, we treated it like a walk rather than a journey.
You must like traveling.
Yeah! Traveling gives me a chance to see and hear and feel things that I might not be able to otherwise!
I want to travel around Johto, too.
Well, let me know when you do! I'll show you around! But first, we should enjoy Pasio as much as possible!
If you find any good places on Pasio, let me know!
The memories Chikorita and I have with each other are like the most precious treasure.
So I'm hoping to find more "treasure" here on Pasio, too!
And I was hoping that maybe...you would help me with that.
Yes? No? Maybe?
I'd be happy to!
Oh, great! That makes me so happy!
Me? Are you sure about that?
Ha ha! Of course!
Because we're such great friends!
Aw, shucks. Saying it out loud is kinda embarrassing, isn't it?
Whatever the case, if you ever need help, talk to me!
Oh no! Chikorita's already looking sleepy.
She must have really taken a liking to this spot.
Well, I guess there's no helping it, then! We might as well take a little break ourselves!
Bzweeeep! My data-analyzing machine is telling me that your Chikorita is ready to evolve!
Wait, really? Chikorita's about to evolve?!
I'm curious about her Evolution, and I'm wondering how strong you'll become, Lyra. OK, continuing analysis!
Come on, answer my question!
I've already used my data-analyzing machine on you. I have a good idea of how strong you are.
Well then, let's get this battle started!
Wow! You guys are as strong as the rumors say!
You bet! My Chikorita is as strong as she is adorable!
My data-analyzing machine is good to go! I'm ready to analyze Chikorita once she evolves!
Come on! At least react to what I'm saying!
This is great! Chikorita looks like she's going to evolve!
Congratulations, Chikorita! We're going to have so much more fun!
Wow, your Bayleef is looking great! She looks like she's gonna get even stronger!
Thanks! Your Servine looks impressive, too, and full of determination!
Well, seeing as we're both so great, why don't we have a Pokémon battle?
Cool! I've always wanted to battle you!
I think your Bayleef is gonna get even stronger after this battle.
Then let's get this super-duper, exciting show on the road!
Oh no, I lost... But! As a fellow Grass-type user, I learned so much! Thank you!
I should be thanking you! That battle made me feel infinite possibilities!
I'm glad. I'll be stronger the next time we meet, so get ready to battle me then!
Look at that! Bayleef looks like she's going to evolve!
I hope you get even cuter, Bayleef!
