Oh! Hi there, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Lucario told me he's feeling a little curious about your aura.
Right now, it seems like he's curious about the bond you share with your Pokémon. How strong it is.
You two seem really close!
Yep! We sure are! Did you know that Lucario understands us when we talk to him?
Can Lucario understand what we're saying?
Actually, Lucario can understand ANYONE who talks to him! Isn't that cool?
Although, back then, with Riolu...
Oh! I mean Lucario—or Riolu, before he evolved into Lucario.
Anyway, back then, I didn't really connect with Riolu at all.
Really?
It's kinda embarrassing to talk about since it's been so long, but I guess I might as well tell the story now!
I never would have guessed.
It's kinda embarrassing to talk about since it's been so long, but I guess I might as well tell the story now!
So, when I was a little girl, I met Riolu and we decided to train together.
Since I'm successor to the Key Stones, which you need to Mega Evolve a Pokémon...
I knew I had to form a strong bond of friendship with Riolu so that he could evolve into Lucario and eventually Mega Lucario one day.
My grandpa gave me some good advice. He told me that dancing is perfect for learning how to trust and connect with your Pokémon.
It makes sense, right? If you can't connect with your dance partner, you'll fall out of sync and fumble your footwork!
But I was actually really bad at that!
Riolu was amazing at dancing, and he was able to match all of my moves perfectly...
but when I saw how good he was, I wanted to show that I was even better! So...I got a little overzealous.
Despite the fact that Riolu was doing his best to match my dance moves...
I was actually way off, so the two of us ended up totally out of sync.
My grandpa was pretty appalled, as you can probably imagine! 
I'm sure it happens all the time.
Well, it was kinda like that for a while. Then one day, my legs got kinda tangled up when we were practicing our dance steps...
What happened after that?!
Well, it was kinda like that for a while. Then one day, my legs got kinda tangled up when we were practicing our dance steps...
I thought I was gonna do a face-plant, but Riolu leaped in front of me and saved me from the fall!
He put my safety above his own, even though he could easily have been injured doing that.
And that's when I realized... Up until that point, I hadn't been trying to connect with Riolu at all.
How could I expect to get closer to him if I wasn't even doing my part?
After I realized that, both my dance moves and my connection with Riolu became so much more in sync!
I'm glad it turned out OK!
Thanks! We're so proud of the perfect sync we have now, but it probably wouldn't have been possible if we hadn't made those early mistakes!
And now you're a perfect combo!
Thanks! We're so proud of the perfect sync we have now, but it probably wouldn't have been possible if we hadn't made those early mistakes!
Oh, that reminds me! Our super-special move came out of that whole experience as well! Our deadly rolling axe-kick!
We might have to go visit you in the hospital if you ever get hit with that... Haha! Just teasing!
