[Name:PlayerNickname ] spotted Shauntal while strolling through town, but Shauntal did not seem to notice [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ].
"The bond between them was deeper than the darkest abyss. It would outlast eternity, continuing without pause, forevermore..."
Ahh, this place makes me feel so inspired!
What's the matter, Chandelure?
Eeek!
Hi there!
[Name:PlayerNickname ]?! G-gosh, I'm sorry! I must have been spacing out.
What are you up to?
[Name:PlayerNickname ]?! G-gosh, I'm sorry! I must have been spacing out.
Thinking out loud?
I suppose so. I'm in the middle of writing a novel, you see...
My imagination must have gotten the best of me as I was gazing out at the beautiful cityscape here.
Are you a writer?
Yes, as a matter of fact!
I'm planning to write a novel set on Pasio at some point!
There's an abundance of unique Trainers here on this island, after all...
I thought it would be interesting to use them as models for my characters.
For example, take that hiker over there.
He may have a big grin on his face now, but what if he had a tragic past?
What if he ran into an old childhood friend here on Pasio and the two of them had a dramatic, tear-filled reunion? It's possible!
Oh gosh! I've gone and let myself get carried away by my imagination again. I'm sorry...
It's OK. Don't worry about it.
It's just that...compared to my normal routine as an Elite Four member, I'm positively surrounded by other Trainers now.
It's a constant source of inspiration.
Do you like to daydream?
I do. I believe that there's a story behind every person and Pokémon out there, and I love to imagine what those stories might be.
But you know what? The person that inspires me the most is actually you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
In fact, you remind me of the [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="hero" F="heroine" ] of a story I read often when I was little.
Someday, I'd love to write a story about you. With you as the main character, of course.
What makes us so similar?
Perhaps it's the way people and Pokémon seem to be naturally drawn to you.
I think that we can all clearly see how much you care about others.
That would be amazing!
I think you'd make a wonderful [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="hero" F="heroine" ] in a storybook, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Just like the one I idolized all those years ago!
Hm? What's wrong, Chandelure?
It looks like Chandelure is the one spacing out a bit now.
Is she bored with the book talk?
Not likely. She usually listens to me chatter about books for much longer than this, so I doubt it's boredom...
I wonder... Maybe Chandelure wanted to star in the novel, so she's giving us the cold shoulder now.
Maybe she wants the spotlight.
Oh! Maybe you're right!
Maybe Chandelure wanted to star in the novel, so she's giving us the cold shoulder now.
Tee-hee! Don't worry, Chandelure! I've already got the perfect part for you to play in the story.
You two seem really close.
We are indeed. Chandelure's been by my side since I was a little girl!
Can you tell what she's thinking?
With Chandelure, I can make a pretty good guess at what she's thinking by the flicker of the flame on her head.
She's always provided me with a soft, gentle light to read and study by, ever since she was a Litwick.
My very fondest memories come from the times we've shared together.
So of course I'm going to include her in my next novel! How could I not?
When the time comes to read that book together, will you shine your light on me like always, Chandelure?
