[Name:PlayerNickname ] headed into the city to meet up with Hapu at her request.
When [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] arrived at the meeting spot they'd arranged, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] found Hapu already waiting there with Mudsdale.
Ho! Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, friend. I have a favor I would like to ask of you.
Sure! Whatever you need!
Well, as a matter of fact, I was hoping you could show me around Pasio.
What did you have in mind?
Well, as a matter of fact, I was hoping you could show me around Pasio.
I thought it would be far more enjoyable if I had you to accompany me.
Let's head out now!
And so the pair of them took off on a merry stroll through the city, making a few stops here and there along the way.
Why not!
And so the pair of them took off on a merry stroll through the city, making a few stops here and there along the way.
My skin feels as soft as a baby's bottom after using that mud face mask I bought!
And just look at Mudsdale's coat— I've never seen it so shiny! All thanks to the power of mud. It's like magic, it is!
Oh, and I got to purchase some new clothing as well! I'd say today was quite a success. What sort of fashion do you think would suit me?
Something frilly and cute.
Oho! That is just what I was thinking! Perhaps my instincts were correct, then!
Something sleek and modern.
Oho! That is just what I was thinking! Perhaps my instincts were correct, then!
The big city really is like a whole different world.
Do you want to move to the city?
Hmm... No, not exactly.
Do you dream of big-city life?
Hmm... No, not exactly.
It's just that Trainers from all sorts of different backgrounds have gathered here on Pasio with one similar goal—to triumph at the PML.
Think about it. All of that passion and energy is concentrated in one place. That's what makes the atmosphere here so exciting!
The way everyone is accepted here—whether their background or the way they is think is bad or good—is just like in Alola, where I'm from.
So, really, it's the opposite. Being in this big city makes me miss Alola, and it's reminded me of how proud I am to call it my home!
Mm-hmm! Mudsdale says the feeling is mutual...
M-Mudsdale?! What have you done?!
Uh-oh... It appears Mudsdale's hooves have worn a hole into the pavement...
We are used to trotting on dirt roads in Alola, so the thought of this happening never even entered my mind...
Alrighty! I should contact the proper authorities here immediately and get this hole patched up.
Well, life is full of surprises, isn't it! You never know what might Hapun, especially on Pasio! Heh heh.
Pasio invites all manner of Trainers and Pokémon onto its open shores...
In that sense, I would be more surprised if NOTHING Hapuned! Heh heh.
