As [Name:PlayerNickname ] was doing some shopping, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] spotted Blue a little ways away.
Bonjour!
I was atop the arena when I saw you walking, so I thought I would come down to talk to you!
You were on top of the arena?
Yeah, the best way to get the lay of the land is to get a good look from as high as you can get.
Isn't that dangerous?
Nah. Plus, the best way to get the lay of the land is to get a good look from as high as you can get.
Pidgeot can fly at Mach 2.
Not only that, but he can pinpoint a Magikarp a thousand meters below him.
High places are Pidgeot's territory, to the degree that he and I might spend more time in the skies than on land.
Yeah, you got that right.
We've been all over the world, but Pasio really is a nice place.
It's really pretty.
Yeah, while Pidgeot and I were flying around, we saw firsthand how pretty the island is.
It shows how well this artificial island is able to blend into nature.
It's really bustling.
Sure is. There are Trainers and their Pokémon gathered here from all over the world.
We have plenty of people to battle, too, so that's also a plus.
It's pretty much a paradise for Trainers and Pokémon!
I've got this rival, Red. You've seen him around, right?
You kinda remind me of him!
You're like a crimson flame quietly burning.
But even though you're on the quiet side, you're hiding some awesome power, too, right?
I wouldn't say that...
Nah, even Pidgeot thinks so.
You might be right.
No, I'm sure of it. Pidgeot agrees, too.
That's why I have to take you down myself someday!
OK... Maybe that came out a bit strong.
But anyway, I'm traveling around the world so that I can get even one step closer to being the absolute best.
Right now, I don't think I'd lose to either you or Red!
What? Don't be overconfident? Come on, Pidgeot...
How am I supposed to keep my feet on the ground if I'm flying high with you, buddy?
I'll blast you out of the sky!
Ooh, looks like somebody can talk big! I like it!
I'll fly just as high and catch you!
Ooh, looks like somebody can talk big! I like it!
But if you're gonna try your hand, I'd recommend you try sooner rather than later.
We're as free as the wind, after all.
If we get bored, we'll wander away to who knows where next.
You're the same, too, aren't you? I can tell.
Birds of a feather and all that!
