[Name:PlayerNickname ] saw Brendan entering the forest.
Thinking that he was secretly training, [Name:PlayerNickname ] followed him.
Oh, there you are, Treecko.
Wait... [Name:PlayerNickname ]?! What are you doing here?!
Sorry I startled you. Treecko looked like he was itching for a fight.
No, it's fine!
Man, Trainers aiming for the top have some guts, don't they?
I felt my heart skip a beat!
Sorry, sorry! But in my defense, you did let your guard down.
Treecko and I were just in the middle of trying to figure out some new tactics.
Treecko can climb trees and walls using the small hooks on his hands and feet.
I was just wondering if that would be something we can use on the ground, too.
As long as I'm here, I'd like to do everything I possibly can!
I'm probably going to end up battling my father, too.
It's a little awkward going up against your own family, isn't it?
I mean, it clearly shows you who's stronger, right?
And it doesn't matter whether you win or lose. It will still become awkward. I mean...what do you talk about after that?
But that wasn't the case for my dad. He lost to me, but he seemed a little happy.
I don't get it... It's frustrating when you lose, right? At least, I don't like losing.
Then don't battle.
But I have to!
Why don't you run away?
I can't do that!
I get to have a strong rival really close by! How could I not battle him?!
Besides, I can't say that I'm stronger than him just because I beat him once.
Maybe if my dad and I had different specialties, like the neighbors do, I wouldn't be so bothered.
Your neighbors?
Yeah, Professor Birch and May. They're my next-door neighbors.
Specialties?
Yeah, like Professor Birch and May have. They're my next-door neighbors.
Professor Birch focuses on his fieldwork, and May focuses on her contests. See? No overlap.
But thinking like that is just me running away. While clashing can be tough, it might actually be fortunate at the same time.
My dad is strong and respectable. That's why I want to overcome him.
And that's why I have to get even better at my specialty!
Come on, Treecko! Bullet Seed!
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Let's have a battle sometime!
That way I can see how much stronger I've gotten!
