[Name:PlayerNickname ] made [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] way to the forest at the edge of the city to meet up with Cheren.
When [Name:PlayerNickname ] arrived, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] found him practicing move commands with his Stoutland.
Oh, hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Thanks for coming.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Don't worry about it. Stoutland and I were just practicing some commands for different moves and actions.
What are you up to?
Just practicing some commands for different moves and actions. Stoutland and I have been putting a lot of our energy into training lately.
Ever since I've been a Gym Leader, the two of us have been best buds.
I like to think about tactical advantages and plan all sorts of things while I battle.
And Stoutland here has been a resourceful partner full of endless potential ever since he was a Lillipup.
In that sense, I think Stoutland and I really make the perfect pair.
I'm pretty sure Stoutland agrees.
Ever since I became a Gym Leader and Stoutland and I became a sync pair, the work's really piled up for us.
But I'm hoping that if we continue battling and training like we were just now, we'll learn how best to utilize our strengths.
It seems you have it all figured out!
Thanks. And thanks to you, Stoutland has been even more excited to work hard and grow stronger.
That's brilliant!
Indeed. And thanks to you, Stoutland has been even more excited to work hard and grow stronger.
So, have you figured out why I called you here to meet us today?
That's right. I'm confident that Stoutland and I have you beat when it comes to sync strength...
... ... ...
Phew! All right, let's continue to fight hard together as a team.
We're not going to battle?
Well, I suppose we could battle if you want to.
I thought you were going to challenge me to a battle!
Well, I suppose we could battle if you want to.
But I just saw with my own eyes that we're pretty even when it comes to sync strength.
When a Trainer and a Pokémon click so well together, it means they're powerful in a battle, without a doubt.
I've already seen your skills at work in a Pokémon battle, so I know it's true. And I confirmed it with what I just saw.
Ohhh! I see!
So I thought, if we're going to be forming a team with powerhouse sync pairs, we'd better do our best to amp up our own strengths.
Ah, I get it. And we fight as a team, right?
Right. I thought, if we're going to be forming a team with powerhouse sync pairs, we'd better do our best to amp up our own strengths.
Having a team full of Trainers who treasure the bond they have with their Pokémon... I know that would give me confidence!
And just so we're clear...I want to battle on a team with YOU, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Together, we'll aim for the top! The best of the best among Pokémon Trainers!
Let's give this our all. What do you say?
Of course!
Brilliant! Thanks!
How could I say no to that?!
Brilliant! Thanks!
