The streets were bustling with people and Pokémon.
Suddenly, a white light flashed right next to [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Hello, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I got a fantastic shot of you!
I was here shooting Pokémon that have gathered from all across the country, when I finally saw you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Do you photograph Trainers, too?
Of course! I like Pokémon, obviously, but getting the perfect shot of a Trainer's smiling face is always what makes me the most excited.
Did you get some good shots of Pokémon?
Yeah, I already got a lot!
I don't want to let even a single Pokémon or Trainer pass by without taking a picture!
I've been taking photos all day today, though.
I just want to get one more good one of you, and then I think I'll take a break!
There it is! Right there! Fantastic! Just fantastic!
I can see in your face that I caught you by surprise with that one!
But a surprised face makes for quite a nice photo!
So many Pokémon and Trainers have come to this town, so everybody has a happy expression on their face.
I've been so busy, I've barely taken my eyes off my camera's viewfinder!
Is photography fun?
It's absolutely fantastic! Of course it's fun! Photography is my whole life!
Did you get any good pictures?
Of course! All the Pokémon look so happy! I almost feel like you can see the bonds they have with their Trainers in the photos.
When you look at Pokémon through the viewfinder, you realize that each and every one of them is totally unique.
I mean, there are a lot of other Surskit out there besides my Surskit.
But not one of them is quite like mine.
Some are cool, some are a little scary, some space cadets, some mischievous... Each one is different, just like people.
That's why I never get tired of them at all.
You've got a great eye.
When you take as many pictures as I do, you start to notice the little things.
I could see that!
You get it, too. That shows me that you're really paying attention to the Pokémon around you.
This cutie has one expression that only I can bring out of her.
I'm sure your Pokémon has a face that it only ever shows to you, too.
For some Pokémon, it might only be a really small difference.
But those loving expressions are proof that your Pokémon trusts you.
Isn't it just fantastic when you notice the small things like that?
Ummm, Viola? I want you to take on my Beedrill in a battle!
Of course! Let's give it all we've got in a showdown between two lovers of Bug-type Pokémon!
OK! I'll show you how all my research here on Pasio has paid off!
I'll be carefully observing the power of your Bug-type Pokémon!
Whoa, your Surskit is amazing! And I thought my Beedrill had been doing really well...
Yes, your Beedrill was really strong, too. I thought you had me there! Ooh, I know! Let's take a photo to remember this by!
Wait! Your Surskit looks like it's about to evolve!
Ooh, Surskit's going to get even stronger!
Fantastic! Just fantastic! I can't let this photo op get away from me!
