[Name:PlayerNickname ] had come to town to do some shopping.
[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ] turned the corner onto a big street to get to the shop [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] was heading for.
*thud* What was that about?!
Oh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Don't jump out at people like that!
You bumped into me, so I'm fining you a million!
OK.
Really?! Hey, I'm serious about this!
I'm not paying.
What's that all about?! You can't just refuse like that!
You're the one who bumped into me, so of course you have to pay a fine...right?
You know, I kind of get the feeling that maybe it was I who bumped into you. Hmmm...
I guess it can't be helped! No fine for you this time! I mean, that's how it always ends up, anyway.
I'm so disappointed. I finally had a chance to get you to pay me a fine.
I'll never reach my goal at this rate.
What goal?
Hehehe! Don't act too shocked when I tell you!
There's a purpose to your fines?
Hehehe! Don't sound too surprised!
My goal is to use the fines I collect to build my own Battle Tower!
The Battle Tower is a place to have Pokémon battles. My daddy—
I mean, my DAD faces off against challengers who climb the Battle Tower.
I've made many attempts myself, but it always ended in defeat for me.
But someday, I'll make my dad take on the Battle Tower that I build!
And I will definitely beat him! That's one of my dreams!
You dream big!
Right? You've gotta dream big if you wanna have fun!
That's not my only dream, though.
You have other dreams?
Yup, and this next one's a doozy of a dream!
Listen close.
My master, Mr. Wake—pro wrestler Crasher Wake—doesn't acknowledge my skills at all!
I've devised a special plan just for him!
Mr. Wake's Floatzel and my Piplup are both Pokémon that use Water-type moves.
I'm going to make my Piplup learn more awesome moves than his Floatzel to surprise him!
Good idea!
It's good to have dreams, but when you have too many, you might not be able to make any of them come true.
That sounds tough!
It's good to have dreams, but when you have too many, you might not be able to make any of them come true.
Which one do you think I should go for first?
You have to decide right now! Ready? Three, two, one...
Oh, never mind! This is exactly the kind of thing that I need to take the time to think about for myself.
Hehehe! I told you my dreams.
So you have to tell me yours!
If you don't tell, I'm fining you!
Excuse me, young lady! Come battle my Piplup!
Who, me? Of course. I'll be your opponent.
Hehe! All right! My Piplup is raring to go! Time for a Pokémon battle!
I'm not sure how well I'll battle, but I'll give my absolute best!
What a strong Piplup you have! I couldn't help myself from being impressed.
Right?! I knew it! My synergy with Piplup is perfect!
Huh? What's happening to Piplup? Could this be Evolution?
Piplup, are you evolving?! I told you he was raring to go!
All right! We're going to get stronger and stronger until we're the strongest Pokémon and Trainer in the world!
I'm still not saying you can be my apprentice, but you're certainly growing! I've had my eye on you.
Thanks for watching, Master! Ooh, my master finally acknowledged my skills!
I just said I'm not your master! You're still far too soft to be my apprentice! You can still get stronger!
First, you have to show me your skills. Then we can talk!
Barry and Prinplup, you gave me a good match! You look happy about it, don't you?
Master...I'm so moved! I can really feel that Prinplup and I have gotten stronger.
The way you battled, I almost thought you were your father!
We did it, Prinplup! It's all thanks to y— Wait, what's happening?!
What's that all about?! If you're going to evolve, at least say something!
