Janine was intently watching people going to and fro in town.
She did not notice [Name:PlayerNickname ] as [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] approached her.
Hmm, I see. So that's how you're gonna fight, huh?
What are you doing?
Oh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Hey there!
I was, uh... I was watching the townspeople.
Do you see someone you know?
Oh, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Hey there!
No, I was watching strangers.
I was watching the movements of all the Trainers and Pokémon in town.
I was also watching the Pokémon battles that were happening all over.
This is a part of my training, too!
I've been out here since early this morning!
You really work hard on your studies, don't you?
You got that right!
You're just slacking off, aren't you?!
No—I'm not! This is training!
I train every day with Ariados.
But what makes Pokémon battles deep is the fact that they're more than just tests of strength.
It's suuuper important that you read what your opponent is thinking and build your strategy around that!
I was watching all of these Trainers and Pokémon...
so I can learn to read one—even two—steps ahead in battle.
Well, I learned something today!
I know, right?
That's awesome!
I know, right?
With perfect strategy is how a ninja fights!
My father has always told me that I must train not only my body but my mind and spirit, too!
But...no matter how perfect your strategy is, it doesn't count for anything unless you are connected with your Pokémon.
I learned that the most important thing is for the Trainer and the Pokémon to have a trusting relationship.
I see.
It's not like Ariados and I need that kind of advice, though! We have each other's back all the time!
I can see that being really important.
It's not like Ariados and I need that kind of advice, though! We have each other's back all the time!
All the pain and sorrows that we went through... We were able to overcome them together.
Right, Ariados?
Considering what good partners we are, I know we won't lose to anybody!
We'll give you a run for your money!
Well then, I guess that makes us rivals!
Even your dad?
Of course!
We could beat my father and his Crobat!
With our sync power, Ariados and I will only get stronger!
Stronger than you...and stronger than Father!
