[Name:PlayerNickname ] had heard talk of a man in gleaming armor spotted in the village, so [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to make [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] way there.
Fortunately, the polished sheen of steel is easy to spot.
Oho! Well met, young [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Do not fear! I, Wikstrom, have taken it upon myself to protect this village!
Are you on guard duty?
Indeed. Defending the townspeople is the duty of a knight such as I.
What do you mean?
Why, I have volunteered my time to guard it! Your security is in capable hands, I assure you.
I hear tell that some ruffians have been skulking about, taking advantage of the PML's bustling crowds to commit their evil deeds.
... ... ... ... ... ...
This village looks very much like the place mine own family hails from.
I believe Aegislash has taken notice of that as well and so has kindly agreed to assist me in guarding it.
Such bravery! Such valor! This is why my family has chosen to fight alongside a line of noble Aegislash through the generations!
Generations?
Indeed. My family has an exceedingly long history in the Kalos region.
Your family?
Indeed. My family has an exceedingly long history in the Kalos region.
We have battled in contests and tourneys across the land for generations, with Aegislash fighting tirelessly by our side.
It is with regret that I must admit we were not always victorious. Eras of toil and hardship have been recorded in our histories as well.
Nevertheless, the Aegislash have been our faithful companions for all these years.
As a descendant of such a venerable family, I feel it is my duty to continue that tradition and carve my own name into history as well.
And what, pray tell, could be a more splendid stage for me to do so on than the PML, where I can battle against the world's strongest Trainers?
I'll be rooting for you!
Thank you, child! You shall witness the glory of my esteemed family soon enough! I shall make it so!
You won't beat me!
Oho! What bold words you speak, child! You will be a formidable opponent, surely! I eagerly await the day we cross swords!
But alas! 'Twould be a grave mistake to seek out victory and victory alone.
Winning is of great import, of course, but embracing the path of chivalry and fighting with honor is of the utmost importance.
Not even in the face of the direst circumstances would my family relinquish its pride.
Even in defeat, we respect those who have bested us. Both sides can smile and praise the other for a battle fought bravely.
For one must exhibit knightly behavior, both in victory and in defeat! One must be just, honorable, and fair!
If nothing else, I hope that you will remember these words, young [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="sir" F="lady" ].
What should I do?
Protect what you believe in, have faith in yourself, and stay true to the promises you make.
That sounds hard...
Indeed. The weight of one's shield can seem heavy when compared to a blade, but there is beauty found only in protecting something.
For you see, when you break a promise, whether to yourself or to another, even the greatest triumph grows sour.
Mine own principles and promises— the pride and honor of my esteemed family— are forever intertwined with Aegislash.
When you started your journey, I am certain you felt something similar stir within your heart. Have faith and stay true to yourself.
When you do, 'twill mean you have at last found the true path of a knight—of honor.
I'll give it my all!
Oh, mine heart doth swell at such a courageous answer!
I'll do the best I can.
Indeed, you shall! But you need not be hasty, child. Lumiose City was not built in a day!
What was that, Aegislash? You are growing weary of my long-winded speech?
Alas! The will to battle beats so strongly in Aegislash's heart, he can scarcely sit still.
The brazen, bladed buffoon! Ha ha ha!
I must apologize if I have prattled on too long... 'Tis important to enjoy a good Pokémon battle now and again as well!
Ha ha ha! Oh, my dear Aegislash! Let us go now. We shall enjoy this merry festival of the PML with honor and grace!
