While exploring the volcano one day, [Name:PlayerNickname ] heard a strange, metallic clanking sound.
Curious, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to move deeper into the volcano to investigate...
Watch out! It's dangerous!
Whooaa!
Suddenly, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] was knocked to the ground as a tiny but powerful body slammed into [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ].
S-sorry! My fault! Are you OK?!
It's me, Iris!
I've been training with Haxorus here, slicing up some bars of metal!
I was trying to warn you not to come any closer since her claws are so sharp...
Bars of metal?
Yep! Sawyer gave them to us. There were some extras lying around, so he said we could use them for training!
Training?
Yep! Sawyer gave us some metal bars to train with since there were a few extras lying around!
He wants to help Haxorus and I get super strong so that we can do well in the tournament.
Hope I didn't interrupt you!
Nope! Not at all! It actually feels even more fun and exciting having you around!
Are you training in secret?
Nope! No secrets here! It actually feels even more fun and exciting having you around!
Haxorus fell in love with this new training routine, so she's been begging me to come and do it every day.
It was starting to get a little boring for me— until now, that is!
It's OK if [Name:PlayerNickname ] stays for a little while, right, Haxorus?
Yep! She says it's OK with her!
You can understand her?
Of course! I don't really know how, though. I just do!
Really?
Yep! I don't really know how I know that— I just do!
Oh, people always call me "the girl who knows the hearts of dragons," but I don't think that's got anything to do with it, really.
Don't you feel like the more time you spend with someone, the more you can sort of sense what they're feeling?
That's normal, right? I don't really get why everybody thinks I'm so amazing.
It doesn't even feel like they're praising me, really, since it's all just common sense in my book.
I know what you mean.
Tee-hee! You understand me so well, don't you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
I wouldn't give it too much thought.
Tee-hee! Don't worry—it doesn't really bother me.
I mean, the reason we keep coming back here to train is because I can sense how much Haxorus really wants to do it!
Hm? What was that, Haxorus? You want to get back to your training now? OK, OK, I'm coming!
Ready, Haxorus? Let's do a thousand of your special speedy slices on these metal bars!
What? You want me to wear a sygna suit so I can look super cool, too?
Haha! You sure are awfully demanding today, aren't you?
I've already got the clothes my grandpa gave me...but I guess I'd wear a sygna suit if somebody gave me one!
