[Name:PlayerNickname ] was walking along the coast when [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] realized [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] could hear a loud voice mixed in with the sound of the waves.
What's wrong, Makuhita? You're never gonna catch me at that rate!
You're gonna have to show me more if you wanna catch me! Let me see your guts!
Brawly and Makuhita had come up on land and were glaring at each other.
Heh, looks like I've finally lit a fire under you.
That's it! I know you've got more guts than that!
You shouldn't fight.
Huh? [Name:PlayerNickname ]? I didn't expect to see you here.
Are you teasing Makuhita?
Huh? [Name:PlayerNickname ]? I didn't expect to see you here.
Did you think we were fighting?
If you did, you're wrong. We were training to improve our balance for surfing.
Makuhita wanted me to help improve his surfing skills.
I was just trying to get him fired up.
Oh, I see!
Surfing is more than just our hobby. It's serious training for us.
Ah, neat!
Surfing is more than just our hobby. It's serious training for us.
It's been that way ever since I taught Makuhita how to surf.
At first, he couldn't even stand up on the board.
But every time he failed, Makuhita's toughness wouldn't let him quit. He never gave up, so he improved quickly.
That unwavering fighting spirit that never gives up—no matter what—is what made Makuhita.
No, not just Makuhita. It made us both grow.
You, too, Brawly?
Of course! Seeing Makuhita's fighting spirit lit a fire in my heart, too!
You guys have worked hard, huh?
Yup! No matter how hard things got, we never threw in the towel.
When Makuhita is working as hard as he does, it gives me strength, too.
Makuhita's strength is that no matter how hard you hit him, he always gets back up.
And you, too—
Huh?! Makuhita?! What are you doing?!
Makuhita turned toward Brawly and charged right at him!
Hahaha! I guess he was still mad from earlier.
Even still, you've gotten stronger, haven't you, Makuhita?
You're like a totally different Pokémon from when we first met!
We have to keep our momentum if we wanna get stronger than [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Me?
I think you're the opponent everyone should be afraid of.
Umm...
I think you're the opponent everyone should be afraid of.
You have a fighting spirit just like Makuhita's. You never break, no matter what happens.
You're a tough opponent that we won't be able to defeat easily, but that makes me excited.
Let me tell you why...
The bigger the wave that's coming at you, the more a surfer wants to ride it!
