Norman asked [Name:PlayerNickname ] to meet him at a clearing in the forest.
Thanks for coming, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. I've asked you here to talk.
I've been wanting to know how you feel about the PML.
I'll ask you straight, [Name:PlayerNickname ]: What does the PML mean to you?
It's my dream.
Hm, I thought you'd say that.
I think it's about the bond with my Pokémon.
Hm, I thought you'd say that.
I've had a feeling that was the case ever since I joined the team.
I wanted to hear it straight from you, though. You did, too, didn't you, Slaking.
Why is that?
Hm... Back home in Hoenn where I was a Gym Leader, I battled against my own son in my Gym and lost.
What made you think of that?
Hm... Back home in Hoenn where I was a Gym Leader, I battled against my own son in my Gym and lost.
As a parent, I was happy to see my child's growth. On the other hand, the truth is that I was disappointed in myself as a Trainer.
I acutely felt a need to thoroughly retrain myself.
That's why I decided to enter the PML with Slaking.
I've heard other Gym Leaders from the Hoenn region have come to Pasio to enter the PML.
I thought about forming a team with them, but that would miss the whole point of coming to a new place.
I wanted to work with Trainers from different regions and different cultures to find new kinds of power.
I thought that we could cooperate with them in battles and increase our sync strength.
Thanks to you, I've learned what sync strength is really all about.
What do you think, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I'm glad we met.
Mm-hmm, thanks. Slaking looks happy to hear that, too.
I'm glad I could help you.
Mm-hmm, thanks. Slaking looks happy to hear that, too.
I may not show it, but you've gotten through to me, too.
Battling alongside you was a wonderful experience for both Slaking and me that we never could have had without you...
I only hope that you got something out of your experience teaming up with me, too.
I believe that the power of our bond will give us great strength on the grand stage of the PML.
We were very lucky to meet you. It's been a privilege. Thank you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Y-you're making me blush!
Haha! Well, all is well.
No—thank you!
Haha! Well, all is well.
Oh yes, looking at Slaking reminded me...
As long as you're here, could I ask you one more thing?
I think you may know this, but my son has also come here to Pasio.
We're not working together right now, though.
Hmm, so I was wondering...
Do you know of any good restaurants that are popular with young people on Pasio?
I was thinking I'd like to take my son out the next time we have a day off!
Sometimes it's good to take a cue from Slaking and just take it easy.
