While taking a stroll in the forest one day, [Name:PlayerNickname ] ran into Kris.
She seemed to be in the middle of observing her Totodile and jotting down some notes.
Heh heh heh. I guess Berries are no problem for you, Totodile, with the way your teeth crunch through everything!
You look like you're having fun!
Yeah, observing Totodile like this is so much fun!
I wouldn't want to be bitten by her!
You have no idea how many times she's tried to bite me...
And despite Totodile's funny nature, there's no reason for her to ever change, either.
She's always been like this, you know.
Ever since we went on our journey. And she hasn't really changed since we came to Pasio, either.
I wish I could stay the same like her.
Have you changed?
Rather, I feel like I have to change.
Do you envy Totodile?
Yeah. She's always so energetic and optimistic.
My goal has always been to learn everything there is to know about Pokémon.
But I've started thinking that trying to master everything would only make me into a jack-of-all-trades...and a master of none.
All the famous professors have their field of expertise, and they carry their subject further and further.
And here I am, trying to know everything... I should at least figure out whether I'm going to specialize in battles or ecology.
You want to master battles?
Well, they're both really interesting fields, so I'm having a hard time figuring out which one to choose.
You want to master Pokémon ecology?
Well, they're both really interesting fields, so I'm having a hard time figuring out which one to choose.
But Professor Oak is already perfecting the study of Pokémon ecology.
And Agatha is already on the path to becoming a master of Pokémon battles.
I have to find my own path, just like they did.
What do you think I should do, Totodile?
That's a tough question, isn't it?
What path would be best for me...
Why not ask one of those famous people?
Huh?!
Why not look for that path with Totodile?
Huh?!
Oh, never mind me. This is my problem. I should make the decision on my own.
You don't have to do it all on your own.
Really?
I'll help any way I can.
Really?
Thanks. I appreciate the concern—and your support.
And you're absolutely right, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
As long as I'm on Pasio, Totodile and I will do this. We'll meet and talk to as many people as we can!
No, not just talk to them—battle them, too!
Yeah! No more dwelling on this alone! I'm gonna ask for more help from you guys in the future!
Leave it to us!
Thanks, guys! And [Name:PlayerNickname ]— if you ever need somebody to talk to, you can count on me!
You can come to us for anything!
Thanks, guys! And [Name:PlayerNickname ], if you ever need somebody to talk to, you can count on me!
I'll use my knowledge to help you solve your problems!
Hey, since we're crossing paths here, let's have a Pokémon battle!
Sure! Totodile and I are ready for anything!
All right! Then time for a serious battle with pretty ol' me!
I think your Pokémon is going to change after this battle!
I lost? But I'm so pretty... How is this possible?
You might be cuter, but I won't let that stop me from winning!
You think I'm... Waaah! That makes me so happy! Say it again!
Hm? Totodile's acting strange... Oh, she's evolving!
That's great, Totodile! You're going to get even stronger!
You there! Let's have a Pokémon battle!
Well, that came out of nowhere, but we're ready for anything! Bring it on!
You and your Pokémon are just as good as people say you are!
My Pokémon and your Pokémon—let's see which one's tougher!
To think that you are tougher than us... Your Croconaw truly is amazing.
Thanks! I think Croconaw is great, too!
Not only that—Croconaw looks like she's about to evolve from that last battle. She IS great!
Croconaw! You're going to evolve! That's amazing!
I'm so happy for you, Croconaw!
