As [Name:PlayerNickname ] was walking down the beach, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] spotted what looked like Marlon and his Carracosta off in the distance.
[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ] moved toward them to say hi, but when [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] got closer, they were nowhere to be found...
Wooo! The ocean's so big 'n' bluuue!
Suddenly, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] heard the booming voice of Marlon as he and his Carracosta leaped out of the water with a splash!
Ohoho! 'Sup, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Yo, Pasio's beaches are seriously outta this world, dude!
We've been swimmin' out here since the crack o' dawn!
You must really like to swim.
Totally, dude! I've been swimmin' since before I could walk!
Don't you ever get tired?
Ha ha ha! Man, I've literally spent ALL DAY in the water before. Wicked, right?!
Me 'n' Carracosta feel more at home in the water than we do on land!
We actually swam here to Pasio all the way from the Unova region, dude!
You did WHAT?!
Yeah, man! Me 'n' Carracosta decided to go for a long-distance swim off an island we were stayin' at.
What do you mean, you "swam"?!
Yeah, man! Me 'n' Carracosta decided to go for a long-distance swim off an island we were stayin' at.
Then, all of a sudden, this weird circle appeared outta nowhere, right in front of our eyes!
It looked pretty rad, so we just dove right in. I mean, how could we NOT?
Anyway, we kept swimmin' and swimmin'... and eventually we ended up here on this island! Crazy, right?!
Weren't you scared?
Ha ha ha! Nah, dude! I was too stoked to see what was on the other side to be scared!
Are you...OK?
Yeah, dude! We're both fine... Actually, MORE than fine! I'm stoked we made it all the way here.
That reminds me—this one time back in the day, I was feelin' totally wiped out after a Pokémon battle...
Carracosta was all outta whack, too, so we decided to bail out on a trip we were plannin' on takin' with a friend.
When our friend got back from the trip, he told us about all the fun stuff we missed out on...
I realized in hindsight that I shoulda gone on that trip anyway, even if I was tired. 
Ever since that day, I've been tellin' myself to dive headfirst into anything that seems fun.
But to do that, I gotta max out my upper body strength, so I've been out here swimmin' every day!
I swim till my arms feel like they're gonna fall off!
But if doin' that means I get to go all out 'n' have fun all over the world, that's fine with me!
You feel the same way, don't you, dude?
You got those thrill-seeker vibes! I can tell you go all out to have a good time!
Yep, that's me!
Dude, I knew it! I knew there was a reason we get along!
I guess so.
What do you mean, you guess so?! Aren't you havin' wicked fun out here every day gettin' ready for the PML?
Yo, maybe I'm seein' things, but your Pokémon looks totally happy to me! That's proof enough, dude.
Man, I'm stoked to see where you go from here! You got some serious talent, dude!
If you ever get serious, you might even beat me! There's no way I'm gonna let that happen, though!
Ha ha ha! Aw, man! I can't wait for that battle!
It's one more wave we can look forward to shreddin' one day, Carracosta!
