The sound of a steam whistle echoed throughout the area.
Drawn by it, [Name:PlayerNickname ] moved toward the coast, where [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] found Drake and Salamence gazing out at the ocean.
If it isn't [Name:PlayerNickname ]! You must've heard the whistle blowing.
A ship left the port just now.
Look, over there. Pasio sure has some fine ships.
They're powerful enough to stay on the course they've plotted even in stormy seas.
Seeing them makes me wonder whether I've been living strongly enough.
Did something happen?
Just memories of my youthful foolishness.
You're not sure?
Maybe it's because I'm getting on in years, but I think about things a lot these days.
A long time ago, my friend Briney and I were trying to become the greatest sailors in the world.
We dreamed of mastering every sea route there is.
But then, one day, when I was out to sea, my ship got caught in a storm.
Somehow, I avoided sinking, but I was adrift for days after that.
I had used up the last of my food and water, so I thought I was done for, but then a Dragonite appeared in the sky.
That Dragonite led me all the way back to shore.
What an interesting story.
Legend has it that Dragonite is a kind Pokémon that leads people who are lost at sea back to safety.
Really?
Of course! Unconditional kindness is not exclusive to people. Pokémon can show it, too.
Having a different species show me that sort of kindness impacted me deeply.
I decided that if my life had been saved by a Pokémon, I should use it to benefit Pokémon. That's when I decided to become a Trainer.
I abandoned my friend and started down a different path. I apologized to Briney so many times.
But he wasn't even angry at me! He sent me on my way with a smile.
That's why I want to be the greatest Trainer of them all. It's for my old friend Briney, too.
Like a ship that stays the course through a storm, no matter what difficulties I may encounter, I'll continue on the path that I've chosen.
I come to the ocean to remind myself of what I have resolved to do.
And also to remember that Dragonite that saved me so long ago, wherever it is now...
Did you hear that cry? It sounded just like Dragonite.
How could it possibly be the same Dragonite here on Pasio, though?
No time to think now! Salamence! Let's fly out and see! There's something I need to tell Dragonite!
Salamence is a Pokémon that hoped and wished it could fly for a long time until it finally got its wings.
Salamence is proof that you can reach your goals if you keep believing in yourself.
Now it's my turn. I won't let this chance get away from me!
