[Name:PlayerNickname ] slowly walked through the narrow passageways of the caves.
Passageways so narrow, in fact, that two people would have a difficult time passing each other.
Whoa there... Hang on a minute.
Well, aren't we in a pickle.
Yeah. A pickle.
I didn't think I would run in to you here. How are we gonna get through this path now?
Nah, this isn't that bad.
Oh, don't put on airs. You want to get to the other side, right?
Life throws you moments like this from time to time, doesn't it?
If we could both change form, like water changes into ice, that might let us slip on by each other.
But I'm about as graceful as a hunk of ice!
I wouldn't say I'm meticulous either... And I don't have the best patience.
I just do what I want to do. I even left my Gym in my wife's care so I could travel! She wasn't too happy about that...
I do feel bad about it, y'know?
Well, that certainly can't feel good.
Yeah! You get it!
You're joking, right?
I'm being serious. But I just can't seem to change that easily...
But rest assured, I can do more than just cause trouble for my team.
I might be stubborn and inflexible, but... Here, watch this!
How 'bout that! A lot more reliable all of a sudden, aren't I?
Except...now we're definitely not going anywhere.
Heh... Avalugg can't even be flipped by a Slaking moving at full power!
We can protect you from any opponent! That's what friends are for, y'know?
Very reliable.
I know! You can count on me anytime!
You can rely on me from time to time, too, you know.
Well, that's a nice thing to say. Makes it really hit home that we're a team!
You really are a good person, y'know?
I'm glad I have such supportive friends.
As you know, I'm pretty unyielding. But that's why when I say something, I mean it.
As long as I've got breath in my body, I'll stand in front and protect you.
... ... ...
That being said...it looks like flexibility might be what we really need in this situation, huh?
These crevices are a little too narrow for me. I don't think I can move forward any farther, so I guess I'll double back the way I came.
Some days you might think you're moving forward, but you just end up moving backward... That's just the way it is, y'know.
I guess having an unrelenting personality doesn't do me any good in these situations!
