While out exploring, [Name:PlayerNickname ] stumbled across a road [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] hadn't seen before.
Curious, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to follow the road to see where it led...
Eventually, the road led [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ] to a beautiful, sandy beach.
Then, just as [Name:PlayerNickname ] was about to settle down and take a little break...
Oh! Is that you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
Alola!
I guess my secret beach isn't much of a secret anymore!
Are you here by yourself?
Nope! Me and my Palossand came here to play!
Were you building sand castles?
Uh-huh! Me and my Palossand came here to play!
Nobody really knows about this place, so it's always nice and quiet and perfect for relaxing!
Palossand seems to really love it here, too! Sometimes she even comes here to play all on her own!
And then you follow her here?
Yep! That's right! 'Cause I love this beach, too!
Sounds like you two are best friends!
*giggle* We really are!
And Palossand always does her very, very best for me, you know?
And she's super strong! I can always depend on her in a Pokémon battle.
She listens to my commands really well...
and even when she doesn't, she still fights hard in her own way.
That's why I always ask for Palossand's help when I know I have a tough battle ahead of me.
What a good Pokémon!
I know, right?! I depend on her a lot, even when we're not in a battle.
Wow, that's impressive!
I know, right?! I depend on her a lot, even when we're not in a battle.
Back in Alola, where I'm from...
she even looks after little kids and Pokémon, too.
We live at a place called Aether House— there are always plenty of tiny tots and Pokémon running around!
It makes me so happy that Palossand always does her very best for me...
So whenever Palossand wants to play, I always let her play a whole bunch!
Aw, that's so nice!
Yeah! Actually, I'm really hoping that you and I can become even better friends, too!
I could learn a lot from you.
Well, actually, I'm really hoping that you and I can become even better friends, too!
It was so nice of you to let us join your team— it really means a lot to me!
I think of you as a really close friend. And when we battle together, it's so fun! And neither of us holds anything back!
From now on, I'm gonna try to take on an even more active role on the team and help you out where I can!
Thank you! I really appreciate that!
Tee-hee! Aw, now I'm a little embarrassed!
I can always count on you, Acerola!
Tee-hee! Ahh, now I'm a little embarrassed!
Huh?
Where did Palossand go? She was right here just a second ago!
Oh! I think I see her playing over there! Let's go see what she's up to.
Aha! I thought Palossand was just playing around in the sand, but look at all these shells! I think she's collecting them!
Hey! Do you wanna collect some shells with Palossand, too?
We should all compete to see who can find the prettiest shell!
I like that idea!
OK! Let's do it! Betcha I'll find the prettiest one!
You're on! You can't beat me!
All right! Betcha I'll find the prettiest one!
