[Name:PlayerNickname ] arrived at the cave where Koga had asked [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ] to meet him.
However, Koga was nowhere to be seen.
Fwahahaha!
You will never find me if you depend only on your eyes!
Sharpen your senses! Find me with more than just your vision!
[Name:PlayerNickname ] closed [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] eyes to try to sense Koga in the darkness.
Maybe there?
Well, well! Good senses you have there!
Behind me!
Impressive! You found me perfectly!
To think that you could see past my ninja techniques so well!
But! Not good enough! Wouldn't you say, partner?
I'm just saying that you let down your guard! You became careless just because you found me!
What you see is not everything there is. Being able to see what is not visible is most crucial!
Read what your opponent is thinking and decipher their strategies to claim the flow of battle as your own!
And you will need an unwavering willpower in order to do this!
My dojo has been training for 400 years how to be calm at all times!
The reason I called you out here today was to teach you the secrets of being a ninja.
... ... ...
... ... ...
You really don't emote much, do you?
But I'm sure you're surprised nonetheless, right?
Not really.
Well, I see that you have your emotions under control. That is good.
You just blew my mind!
I knew it! You worried me a little bit!
But prepare yourself. We have only just begun.
I would recommend you don't take Crobat's techniques or speed lightly!
Fwahaha! I see Crobat's Double Team is causing you trouble!
You must be quite surprised! I see it in your face!
We're only able to pull off combination moves like this because of how in sync we are.
We can do this without any planning—with only shared experience and eye contact!
You should understand how difficult synchronicity like that can be. But if you can achieve it, it will prove a great power for you and your Pokémon.
We can do it!
Of course! I know you can!
Do you think we can do it, too?
Of course! I know you can!
But all this is why you must never let your guard down, especially since you and your Pokémon have such a strong bond.
You cannot cut corners at the PML. Or rather, there are not many Trainers here that you can win against by cutting corners.
I'm looking forward to seeing if your bond can overcome ours!
