One day, [Name:PlayerNickname ] received a message from Sophocles, asking to meet up in the caves.
Hey... Is that you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
Yep. I'm right over here.
Phew... Thank goodness.
Yeah! Here I am!
Eeek! Don't just shout like that all of a sudden, OK? You almost gave me a heart attack!
S-so anyway...the reason I asked you to meet me here today is because I have a favor to ask.
You know how I'm not very good at talking to other people, right? Well...I want you to help me overcome that.
Sure thing!
Phew! Thank you! So you'll help me, then?
What do you need me to do?
Oh! So you'll help me, then? Thank you!
So...it's really dark in here, plus we're standing far away from each other, so it's not that hard for me to talk right now.
But if we get really close, I'll get nervous and I won't be able to talk...
So, if it's OK with you, I want you to move closer to me little by little...
I'll go slow.
Oh...OK. That's weird. I don't feel nervous. Maybe I'll be OK around you!
I think I want to try getting closer...
N-nope! Never mind! Bad idea! Eeek...now we're face-to-face...
I'm a little uncomfortable like this, so I'm just gonna avert my eyes for a minute, OK? It's not because I don't like you. I promise.
I'm just gonna rush up to you, OK?
Eeeeek!
I th-thought I told you little by little! When you're this close, I just... I can't... Eeek!
Unless we get to be as good of friends as me and Togedemaru or Big Mo, being this close is just bad, bad news for me...
The PML is all about team battling, so I want to learn how to be more outgoing, but at this rate, I'll never be able to overcome my nerves...
If it comes down to it, I guess I'll just have to rely on the power of science to get me through this!
I actually programmed a new function into my Poryphone, just in case!
I call it the Don't Avert Your Eyes, You Scaredy-Cat! Mark III.
Once I turn this little function on... There we go! Now there's no going back!
If I get nervous and try to look away or retreat—even a little bit—I'll get an electric shock from the machine! Pretty nifty, huh?
I programmed in an Electrode mode and a Stunfisk mode... Which one do you think I should use?
Electrode mode.
Are you familiar with Electrode, the Ball Pokémon? It likes to explode for fun in its spare time. Pretty intense...
Stunfisk mode.
Are you familiar with Stunfisk, the Trap Pokémon? It grins and laughs whenever it shocks others. Ruthless...
Well, let's give it a whirl! Just a tiny bit...
Wh-what the—?!
Yeaaarrrrrgh!
T-Togedemaru! Don't make loud, sudden noises like that, please! You almost gave me a heart attack!
Are you OK?!
Wha—! I told you that I get scared easily by loud noises, didn't I?!
Huh?
W-well, I told you that I get scared easily by loud noises, didn't I?!
... ... ...
Wait a sec... I didn't feel an electric shock.
Do you think maybe Togedemaru absorbed the electricity from my machine?
Well, you did seem a bit reckless.
Y-yeah, I guess you're right. She must have done it to protect me! Thanks, Togedemaru!
Maybe she was worried about you.
Y-yeah, I guess you're right. She must have done it to protect me! Thanks, Togedemaru!
I can always count on you!
I should thank you too, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I wasn't able to overcome my nervousness in the end, but I appreciate your help anyway!
You're welcome!
Hey, I just realized something! For the last couple minutes, I haven't felt nervous at all while talking to you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
You don't look too nervous right now.
Hey...you're right! Now that you mention it, I don't think I've felt nervous at all in the last couple minutes while talking to you!
Awesome! Maybe I leveled up a little bit today after all!
Maybe soon we'll be able to have a conversation in the light, too! That would be awesome.
