[Name:PlayerNickname ] spotted Hau walking into the mountains.
Concerned about Raichu's cries, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to follow Hau into the mountains.
Wait, is that... It's [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Were you following me?
Yeah.
Oh, cool! I thought so!
I mean, it wasn't like it was a secret, so you should have called out to me.
No.
Aw, you don't have to hide it! I mean, it's not really a secret that I'm here!
I actually came here to train.
I don't know quite how it happened, but somehow I ended up here on Pasio.
As long as I'm here, though, I want to get stronger.
Why?
I want to beat somebody.
I know what you mean.
There's somebody I want to beat.
My rival always comes at me and doesn't hold anything back. Kinda like you!
But I've never won a match, so I can't help but feel frustrated—and a little sad.
That's why I'm going to go meet a really strong Trainer up ahead!
All right, let's go, Raichu! I hear this Trainer is super strong, but I'm sure the two of us can handle it!
Huh? Are you not feeling up to this?
Maybe our sync strength isn't as high as I thought. But we've surfed so much...
Maybe you're forgetting something.
That's true, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Maybe he's not comfortable with it.
Oh, I see! You might be right, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Sorry, Raichu. I forgot our promise today!
We were supposed to go exploring the town today, weren't we? I'm so sorry, Raichu. Come on—don't be angry!
Hm? What is that smell? It smells really good.
I must have accidentally touched Raichu's cheeks...
What do you mean?
If you ever touch an Alolan Raichu's cheeks...
the smell of pancakes comes wafting out.
Uh, something weird's happening...
If you ever touch an Alolan Raichu's cheeks...
the smell of pancakes comes wafting out.
Nobody knows why, though.
In fact, nobody really knows why Raichu look the way they do in Alola.
There are people that say that it's because they ate too many pancakes, but I think it's the opposite.
The opposite?
Pancakes in Alola make you hungry with just their smell.
Tell me more!
Pancakes in Alola make you hungry with just their smell.
So I think Raichu learned to ride on their tails so they could go find and eat pancakes more easily.
What do you think, Raichu?
I guess he's just hungry. He doesn't care for theories right now.
All right, forget training for today! Let's all go get some pancakes!
Come with us, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! And once we're done eating...
I'd like you to come train with us!
I think you're a lot stronger of an opponent than other Trainers!
