[Name:PlayerNickname ] was taking a stroll near the volcano when [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] heard Flannery call out from up ahead.
Hey, you don't look so great. Or am I just imagining things?
I'm fine.
OK then, I guess.
Maybe I don't feel so hot.
I knew it! Don't worry—I know just the thing!
When I'm not feeling so hot, I try to relax my body and let out all my steam.
That's something Torkoal taught me. Now, whenever I see a volcano, it makes me think of how I used to be.
What happened?
My grandfather was one of the Elite Four, and I'd felt pressured to live up to that since I was little.
Oh, really?
My grandfather was one of the Elite Four, and I'd felt pressured to live up to that since I was little.
I tried to get stronger as fast as I could, but I was just running in circles.
Around that time, seeing Torkoal spouting out smoke all the time like she always does got me thinking.
How very Torkoal-like she was—never trying to impress anyone.
Torkoal does her own thing, but there's more to it than that.
See how she's digging a hole?
She's searching for coal.
She'll burn that coal up as she digs out a little cave.
The smoke she spouts is how you know she's converting that coal into energy.
We may not notice it, but Torkoal is working hard, little by little, to dig her caves. That's what made me realize something.
I was trying too hard. I needed to do things in my own natural way—be myself instead of trying to be someone I'm not.
I thought...if I could do that, I'd be able to become who I'd always wanted to be. It didn't matter that my grandfather was one of the Elite Four.
Whenever I'd start to feel pressure, Torkoal was always there for me—just doing her own thing like she always does.
The caves that I'd make—or, in my case, the paths I'd choose to walk down—would be up to me.
If I have been true to myself, when I get to the end of that dark, narrow cave...
I'm sure there will be an awesome, bright-red, world-shaking volcano waiting for me, like I saw once a long time ago.
And that's how I feel now.
Ahhh! Although I try to stay focused on my dreams, I still feel some pressure. I guess it's inevitable!
I'd been wanting to talk to you about this, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Thanks for listening.
You made me feel better, too.
I'm happy to hear that.
That was good for me to hear.
I'm happy to hear that.
After all, you're someone I look up to. Sometimes I wish I could be more like you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Knowing that I made you feel better makes me feel better, too!
I'm going to keep being myself from now on.
Some people think they always have to work superhard so they don't get left behind...
but I think it's better to dig your own cave at your own pace. Racing's not worth it if it means wearing yourself out!
