One day, [Name:PlayerNickname ] was taking a stroll with [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] Pokémon along the beach when [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] came upon a peculiar sync pair.
The two of them appeared to be roping off an area of the beach for themselves...
Hey, you! Stop right there! This is MY beach! Go away!
Uhh... Was I not clear the first time?
The sand here is super soft. It doesn't hurt at all when you fall down on it.
So I'm turning this area into a training ground for me and my Tepig! Right now! Got it? We're claiming this sand!
Uh, OK.
Um, I don't think so.
Hey! What do you think you're doing over there?
Leave [Name:PlayerNickname ] alone! If you want a battle, you can battle with me!
Hmph... A Starmie? That wouldn't be good for my Tepig...
Ugh. Fine, whatever! I guess you can have this spot, then! Go on, take it! It's yours!
Phew... I think she's gone. I can't believe she picked a fight with you like that!
Are you OK?
I'm fine. Thanks.
I'm glad nothing bad happened. But even if it did, I'm sure you could have taken them down in a pinch.
Yeah. I'll take care of the next one!
All right! You probably could have wiped the floor with that sync pair just now, even if I hadn't shown up.
I kinda wish she would've stuck around a little longer! I would've liked to chase her off with a Pokémon battle.
See, the Starmie I have here is actually different from the one I used to battle with at my Gym.
I left that Starmie at a Pokémon Day Care for a little while, and the Pokémon Breeders found an Egg! That's where this Starmie hatched from.
It's not very experienced yet, so I want to let it battle as much as I can.
It's definitely making progress, though! The poor thing had a lot of trouble before it evolved, back when it was a Staryu...
Trouble? Like what?
Where do I begin? Sometimes it would fire its Bubble Beam at the ground, and the recoil would send it flying backwards...
Or it would try to tackle its opponents with a big jump, only to end up wedged into the sand because it overestimated the distance...
Is it a lot stronger now?
It's getting there, little by little! We still work really hard with our day-to-day training.
I'm always surprised by how peppy this Starmie is!
It never gets discouraged, even when we're doing really intense training drills. It's amazing!
In any case, I want to do my best to make sure my special pal here grows up nice and strong!
I feel like I owe it to my old buddy Starmie for sticking with me through all those battles back at the Gym.
By the way, if you ever need our help with anything, don't hesitate to ask, OK?
It's all great training for Starmie in the end! And helping people and Pokémon is super important!
Helping you would make me really happy! I love supporting younger Trainers like you almost as much as I love raising up Pokémon!
Either way, Starmie and I are looking forward to having tons more fun together from here on out! It's gonna be great!
