Hearing a loud noise coming from somewhere on the mountain, [Name:PlayerNickname ] decided to investigate.
The source of the mysterious sound was Marshal and his Conkeldurr's rigorous training.
Ah, [Name:PlayerNickname ], fancy meeting you here. I was just training.
On a mountain trail?
I was testing my strength using Conkeldurr's concrete pillars. All in pursuit of surpassing my limits!
What kind of training?
I was testing my strength using Conkeldurr's concrete pillars. All in pursuit of surpassing my limits!
Then a strange ring appeared and I went through it to come to this island.
But regardless of where I am, what I do does not change!
As long as my partner Conkeldurr is by my side, we can train wherever we are!
Conkeldurr must be pretty special!
Trying to overcome all problems with strength alone is both arduous and difficult.
Why a Conkeldurr?
Trying to overcome all problems with strength alone is both arduous and difficult.
But Conkeldurr uses not only his strength but also moves that depend on centrifugal force.
In other words, Conkeldurr has both strength and wisdom!
This is more than just transforming sand and rocks into concrete.
It's more than just strength or willpower. It is something that is only possible through the perfect mixture of wisdom and technique.
Conkeldurr is the very embodiment of constant pursuit of power!
That is why I am convinced that I can achieve something if I stay with Conkeldurr.
I'll help!
No! While I appreciate the offer, you have your own training that you should focus on.
Is there anything I can do to help?
No! While I appreciate the offer, you have your own training that you should focus on.
I want to become stronger with you!
That I can understand.
Then how about as a rival?
That I can maybe see.
None of us can become stronger on our own. We need each other to compete with and to hone our skills against!
My mentor, Alder, had many rivals who he fought against in his youth.
However, for one to be my rival, they must be either my equal or greater in strength than me.
I have been searching for such a rival, and I thought that I might find one here at the PML!
Very well, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I will acknowledge your desire to grow stronger!
Well, then let us begin our training! First, we practice our punches on Conkeldurr's concrete pillars!
Let's do this!
That's the spirit, rival!
You want me to what?!
Where did your resolve go? You can't give up before you've tried!
Now, let's do this together!
Hiyaaah!
Haaah!
Hm? Conkeldurr was surprised by your punch...?
Yaah!
Hm? Conkeldurr was surprised by your punch...?
You're going soft, Conkeldurr! You shouldn't be afraid of such an attack!
... ... ...
However, I do understand. Even I was taken aback at that fighting spirit.
I was not mistaken in acknowledging you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. You truly are a spirited Trainer!
Let's make our way to the top, rival!
You may even be able to shatter Conkeldurr's concrete one day!
