As [Name:PlayerNickname ] was walking the beach, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] heard a distant singing.
While looking for the source of the singing, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] came across Crasher Wake and Floatzel.
The ring is my rolling sea. ♪
Fight! Get 'im! Flying Press! Undefeated hero! ♪
What? Whoa, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! I didn't see you there!
Why are you singing?
Ha ha ha! So you heard my singing and came all this way?
I heard you from way over there.
Ha ha ha! You heard my singing and came all this way, huh?
Well, if you want to know, I was singing a song to the people in Sinnoh across the sea!
You, uh... You think they can hear you?
Ha ha ha! My voice carries across oceans and soars over mountains!
Or...so I hope, anyway.
Why don't you just use a phone?
Come on, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Don't spoil the fun!
I know it's pointless, but you shouldn't not do something just because it's pointless!
What are you talking about?
Seems like you don't get it. Maybe I should tell you a story about Floatzel and me. Eh, Floatzel?
Uh...sure.
Seems like you don't get it. Maybe I should tell you a story about Floatzel and me. Eh, Floatzel?
Back when I had just started my pro wrestling career...
Floatzel begged me to take him to sea by boat, so we voyaged out to the wild blue yonder!
Unfortunately, though, we anchored our boat in a spot that had a cold and very fast current.
It would have been impossible to swim through. Pointless, even.
At least I thought so! Floatzel, on the other hand, jumped into the ocean and started swimming against the current!
A battle with Mother Nature herself! Of course, at the beginning, there was nothing Floatzel could have really done—just be swept away.
But day after day, Floatzel would continue swimming.
After seeing that determination, I decided to train as well!
While I swam with him every day, I noticed he was able to swim a little bit faster each time.
Little by little, he got stronger and made progress each day.
And eventually, he outpaced the ocean current!
In that moment, Floatzel's efforts meant something! It hadn't all been for nothing after all!
Wow!
I know, right? I was so happy, I jumped into the water with him!
Then we got carried out to open sea...
Is that a true story?
I don't blame you if you don't believe me. Even I thought it was a dream when I first saw it.
Maybe if others had seen Floatzel swimming, they would've thought it pointless at first.
I mean, you won't know if something's worth the effort if you never give it a try, right?
If Floatzel had thought there was no point in trying, he would've never outpaced that current!
That is what Floatzel has taught me!
So...before you start to say my singing is pointless, join me for a verse or two! Maybe our voices will reach Sinnoh!
Crash! Crash! Crasher Wake!
Crash! Crash!
That's the spirit!
Crasher Waaaake!
That's more like it!
Well, that's enough of a warm-up! Let's do another!
So that the whole world—! Er...I mean, so the whole island can hear us!
Crash! Crash!
That's it! Keep it up!
Crasher Waaaake!
All right! Sounding good!
Hm? Hey, look over there! There's a Pokémon Ranger up on that cliff!
How about that! She's waving at us! She can hear our voices!
Crasher Waaaake!
