[Name:PlayerNickname ] entered a clearing in the forest and heard Rosa's voice nearby.
"All right! I'll show you how it's done!"
"Why? 'Cause I'm the most powerful Trainer in the world! That's why!"
You sound just like Blue!
Oh! Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Was my imitation pretty close? Tee-hee!
You guessed correctly! I was trying to do Blue's voice.
You're a little off.
Oh! Hi, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Tee-hee! Guess I've been discovered.
I was trying to imitate Blue's voice, but it's pretty hard!
See, Snivy and I have been practicing our acting skills!
Not many people know this, but I actually did some movie acting for a little while back in the Unova region.
You're a movie star?!
Oh, no! Nothing like that!
Are you an actress?
Oh, no! Nothing like that!
In Unova, there's this awesome place called Pokéstar Studios where movies are made.
And Snivy and I acted together in some of the movies produced there.
That's so cool!
Tee-hee! Thank you!
I'd love to watch them!
Tee-hee! Maybe someday!
If you ever visit the Unova region...
I'll definitely give you a tour!
Anyway, Snivy and I have been keeping on top of our acting skills so that we can star in another movie someday.
But recently I realized something.
When you break it all down, acting is a lot like imitating other people. You just do whatever they would do!
In other words, if I try to act just like the Trainers I battle against...
or just imitate lots of other Trainers in general...
maybe I can learn to do all sorts of new things, too! Just like them! The possibilities are endless!
After all, if you want to act like someone else, you have to put yourself in their shoes. You learn how they think and how they battle.
That totally makes sense!
Yeah! We could try it out together if you want, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Sounds like fun!
Yeah! We could try it out together if you want, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
It's OK if you've never acted before! Snivy will be keeping an eye on you!
Snivy?
Snivy's got a great eye! She can tell if you're totally in character or not.
What do you mean?
Snivy's got a great eye! She can tell if you're totally in character or not.
See, your aura kinda changes when you take on a role and you really embody that character.
And little Snivy here is ultra sensitive to that sort of thing!
I think it's, like...one of those things that only a Pokémon can truly sense, you know?
Snivy's always on the lookout—even during Pokémon battles! She watches her opponents really carefully.
What a good partner!
I know, right?! I think so, too!
She's like a director.
I know, right?! I think so, too!
The next time we battle against you...
Snivy and I will have to study the way you do things, too, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! So that we can imitate you someday!
I'll always be me in the end, though! That's never gonna change!
I'll study a bunch of Trainers and learn what I can from imitating them, but I'm not just gonna copy whatever they do.
I'm gonna take all that new knowledge and experience and use it to flavor my OWN battle style! And I'm gonna win!
Mwahaha! 'Tis I, Brycen-Man! I have waited an eternity for this day to come, Snivy-Girl!
Huh?! Who are you?! Wait, is that you, Brycen?
Hm? You wish to do some intensive training with your Snivy? Well then, I shall oblige! Prepare to be defeated!
Wh-what's going on?! It's like you've totally become the character you play in the movies!
I knew this day would come! I procured this Zoroark for that very purpose!
Now, bring it!
How? How did you manage to brush aside ME, Brycen-Man, and my mighty Zoroark so easily? I underestimated you, Snivy-Girl...
Brycen, you don't have to keep up the act anymore! You came here to battle for Snivy and my sake, didn't you?
I...I have no idea what you're talking about! F-farewell, Snivy-Girl!
Whoa! Snivy, are you about to evolve?! I just felt this sudden rush of power!
This is amazing! Promise me we'll always be together, even after you evolve!
Rosa, I'm confident your Servine still has plenty of room to grow. So come on! Let's battle it out and see what he can do!
Yes! Of course I'll battle you! You and Onix are as strong as rocks, though, so we'll give it our best shot!
I've been wanting to fight in an all-out one-on-one battle with you for a long time! Come on—let's do this!
O-K! Let's do this, Servine!
Just see if you can get past the impenetrable wall of my rock-solid willpower and my Onix's rock-hard armor!
Don't hold back! Come at me with everything you've got!
Man! Your power smashed right through our rock-solid defense!
Thanks! I had so much fun battling against you and Onix!
It was fun for us, too. We should do this again sometime.
We did it, Servine! Brock was right— I think you're gonna continue to get even stronger!
Whoa! Hold on. Are you evolving?! This is amazing! Promise me we'll always be together, even after you evolve!
