While strolling through the city, [Name:PlayerNickname ] spotted Erika looking around in confusion and decided to say hello.
Oh, hello, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Are you lost?
I am, actually... I wanted to do some shopping, but I seem to have lost my way.
Do you need some help?
Well, maybe... I wanted to do some shopping, but I seem to have lost my way.
I was walking with my Vileplume at first...
but she kept getting farther and farther away from me, and eventually we got separated.
It seems she has a mind of her own.
Tee-hee! You may be right about that. I find that part of her so adorable, though...
Sounds like she's a little impatient.
Tee-hee! You may be right about that. I find that part of her so adorable, though...
Oh dear... I've derailed the whole conversation, haven't I?
Vileplume and I were actually heading to the flower shop.
I'm very fond of flower arranging, you see.
And I heard that Pasio has all sorts of flowers and plants imported from all over the world.
So I thought I'd try to visit the best flower shop in the city.
My dear Vileplume... I hope she made it to the flower shop all right.
Would it be too much if I asked you to escort me to the flower shop now?
Not at all!
Oh, thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
Leave it to me!
Oh, thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
We seem to have arrived, but...
The shop is so big, and I don't see Vileplume anywhere.
What should we do?
... ... ...
Do you know how we could find her?
... ... ...
I know just the thing! I have an idea.
Vileplume has a specific type of flower that she really loves.
If I can make an arrangement with those flowers and some of the plants imported here to Pasio...
maybe Vileplume will notice them and come right to us.
Vileplume really loves my flower arrangements, you see.
Sometimes, when I'm arranging the flowers, Vileplume suddenly appears right next to me without me realizing.
Great idea!
Oh, thank you! I think it's a good idea, too!
I'd love to see that.
Really? Well, hopefully you'll see it in just a few moments.
Erika began briskly arranging flowers...
and after a few moments, a crowd started forming around her, mesmerized by her skillful hands.
Suddenly, a pungent odor wafted through the space, causing the enraptured audience to hold their noses.
Oh, thank goodness! You had me so worried for a moment, Vileplume.
But it looks like you did make it all the way to the flower shop by yourself, didn't you? And without spreading any of your toxic pollen!
I should really thank you for all of your help, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
If I hadn't met you on the road, I would probably still be lost out there.
And look—this shop has so many cute flowers. I'm so glad you helped me find it.
Now that I'm here, I think I'll stock up on a bunch of different flowers for my flower arranging.
I'm sure I'll be able to create something simply lovely with them.
I promise to let you know as soon as it's done, all right?
