[Name:PlayerNickname ] wandered into a clearing in the forest, hoping to relax and catch a nice breath of fresh air.
There, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] found Cheryl and Blissey playing happily together.
Oh, hello, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Are you seeking out new Trainers to battle with again today?
Just taking a break.
Really? In that case, I know a lovely spot for relaxing.
Something like that.
I see. Are you feeling tired at all? How about taking a little break for a change? I know a lovely spot for relaxing.
Not many people go there, so it should be nice and quiet.
I can show you the way. Come on—let's go!
Cheryl started forward on the path with a happy spring in her step.
But along the way, her foot got caught on a knobbly root sticking out of the ground, causing her to lose her balance.
[Name:PlayerNickname ] instinctively reached out a hand to keep Cheryl from falling...
only to take a tumble [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="himself" F="herself" ] instead.
Oh dear... This is all my fault.
It looks like you might have scraped your knee. May I take a look?
I'd appreciate it.
I'll fix you right up. Hold still for just a moment, OK?
I'm fine.
Nonsense! Come now—let me take a look. You don't want it to get infected, do you?
Blissey, dear!
That should do it.
It almost looks like you never scraped your knee at all. I'm so glad you're OK.
Although...I can't help but feel a little giddy about all of this.
Your strong, steady determination is a constant support for me...
but it's not often that I get the chance to return the favor and be helpful to you, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Wait... But it was my fault that you got injured in the first place today, wasn't it? Oh dear, I'm sorry!
It's OK! Thanks for your help.
Oh, you're a dear, [Name:PlayerNickname ]... Just being around you always seems to make my heart bubble up with joy.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, you're a dear, [Name:PlayerNickname ]... Just being around you always seems to make my heart bubble up with joy.
Compared to you, I think I... I still have a lot of room to grow in that area.
Did you know that Blissey are called the Happiness Pokémon? Making others happy brings them joy.
That means that when other people are happy, Blissey feels happy, too. It's contagious!
For a while, I used to be really hesitant when it came to asking my Pokémon to battle. I sort of felt bad for them, you see...
But then my dear Blissey here, still a Chansey at the time, decided to evolve so that she could help me work through those feelings.
Blissey was actually my inspiration for participating in the PML. I knew that I wanted to make people happy, just like her.
You can do it!
You know, it's so strange... For some reason, when I hear you say that, I really believe that I CAN.
I'll be rooting for you!
You know, it's so strange... For some reason, when I hear you say that, I really believe that I can do it!
I must be the luckiest Trainer in the world to have such a great role model as a friend.
Moving forward, I hope that you'll continue to teach us all sorts of new things. That would make us both so happy.
