[Name:PlayerNickname ] stopped in town during [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] travels for a little rest and relaxation.
Suddenly, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] heard laughter coming from close by.
Ha ha ha!
Who would have thought I would find Rage Candy Bars on Pasio!
Ah, it's been too long since I tasted this! No need to be polite! Have some yourself!
They any good?
Ha ha ha...
What are Rage Candy Bars?
Ha ha ha...
Wha—?! [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
These are Rage Candy Bars! They are my favorite!
I lost myself in the excitement of being able to eat these...
I'm embarrassed you had to see that.
Nah, don't sweat it.
I appreciate that.
I must admit I was surprised.
Yes... I know it is vastly different from how I normally act.
I lost myself too much.
But that's behind us now. I welcome you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
Have some Rage Candy Bars. Relax with us.
Machamp looks happy to see you as well.
Don't mind if I do.
If you have no urgent matters to attend to, rest.
A moment of respite will do wonders for you.
Were you resting?
Yes, I come to this village often to relax.
I come here often with Machamp.
You train hard when you train, and you rest hard when you rest.
That is the secret to training with longevity!
You're a Trainer, so you know how important it is to rest.
Yeah, I think so.
I figured.
Er...
You must rest if you want to become stronger. That's all I wanted to say.
It might seem roundabout, but resting is an important part of training.
I believe that training is something you do to elevate yourself and not to challenge yourself.
If you continue training without rest, you may indeed become stronger but your spirit will suffer for it.
That kind of strength... That is not what Machamp and I yearn for.
You must hone your spirit along with your muscles to gain true strength.
True strength, huh?
Machamp and I train the same way, and we rest the same way.
I see!
Machamp and I train the same way, and we rest the same way.
We can understand each other because we both go through the same pleasures and the same hardships.
We want to become stronger not only for ourselves but for each other as well.
That is what drives us to become stronger than we have ever been.
That is our path.
And that path goes on forever. We will continue training our minds and bodies like this.
