While taking a stroll through town, [Name:PlayerNickname ] spotted Brycen and Cryogonal a short distance away.
After a moment, Brycen spotted [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ] as well, waving his hand in greeting as he approached.
Hehe, I was just doing a bit of rehearsing for a certain something.
I've asked Cryogonal to create some frost in the air for a nice smoky, misty effect...
Any guesses what I'm up to?
Acting practice?
Precisely! Just because I came to Pasio for Pokémon battling doesn't mean I've abandoned my other interests!
Practicing for a Pokémon battle?
Hahaha, I'm afraid not. I'm an actor, child.
I'm attempting to produce my very own film, from the early stages of planning to the final execution.
The theme of my film is sync strength! The bonds that connect us all.
Bonds that connect Trainer to Trainer, Pokémon to Pokémon! A fiery meeting in the excitement of the PML!
Bonds that grow stronger in the very heat of battle!
What do you think? A marvelous pitch for a film, is it not?
Absolutely!
Yes! I knew you would agree!
However, capturing the intangible beauty of sync strength—the bond between Trainer and Pokémon—and expressing it...
through a tangible medium such as film will be exceedingly difficult.
I don't know.
Oho, don't be shy, now.
When it comes to sync strength, others pale in comparison to you and your Pokémon.
I want to show the world the wonder of my Pokémon—my costar in life.
I intend to explore my theme fully throughout my film.
It will be a series of stories based on the many adventures Cryogonal and I have experienced thus far.
It will be a film of epic proportions— a documentary, but a marvelously entertaining one!
Oh my... I mustn't get too ahead of myself. Sometimes I get so excited, I can barely contain myself.
I believe in you!
Thank you for the support, friend. As the star of the film, I promise I won't let you down!
Think it'll be a success?
Hahaha! Every road comes with its own obstacles, child.
The road to success could be nothing but thin ice, and I would still sprint forward, never looking back. That's my policy.
I believe that Cryogonal shares that sentiment as well.
Hehe, you do feel the same, don't you, Cryogonal?
Come now, my dutiful costar! Let's get back to that rehearsal!
With stupendous sync strength like ours, I'm sure we'll be able to produce a complete film in no time!
I mean, it would be impossible to make a film about bonds of friendship if you have no bond of your own to speak of, right? But we do!
