[Name:PlayerNickname ] heard the sound of a Pokémon barking in the distance.
Curious, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] wandered over to where the sound was coming from.
Alola, alola!
Oh, hey! That you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? Didn't realize it was you walking up here.
Pretty cool coincidence, though!
What's up?
Oh, I was just trying to get Granbull here to help me with a painting.
I heard barking.
Oh, I was just trying to get Granbull here to help me with a painting.
My theme is "Granbull at the PML," so I wanted her to do a dynamic pose for me— like she's battling hard at the tournament!
It's a win-win situation. I get a model to paint, and posing like that gets Granbull into a more competitive mind-set.
C'mon, Granbull. Why don't you come say hello to [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
Aw! You getting scared again, Granbull?
Sorry, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. She gets a little timid around other people.
Pasio's, like, full of people she's never seen before, so lately she's been even more of a scaredy-cat than usual.
But despite all that, one of Granbull's goals is to triumph at the PML.
Really?
Yep! It's a funny story, actually... So, my Granbull has this habit of chomping on whatever it is that makes her happy or excited.
What makes you think that?
Well, it's a funny story, actually... My Granbull has this habit of chomping on whatever it is that makes her happy or excited.
And, like, the first time we saw an ad for the PML on TV, she launched herself right up toward the screen!
She was just going at it! Chomping and chomping and chomping on the TV...
And I was just, like, super shocked! It all happened so fast, you know?
That wasn't the only time she did it, either. Every time the PML ad came on TV, she'd run up and chomp away.
I was super touched when I realized how eager my timid Granbull was to come to a crowded place like this!
Even more reason for us to dominate in the tournament. Better watch out—we're not gonna go easy on you, either!
Ditto!
You seem pretty strong, so we'll be comin' at you with everything we've got.
Guess I'd better watch out, then.
You're not making fun of me, are you? 'Cause we're super strong, too, you know!
Whoa! What's with this wind?
Oh no—my painting! It's gonna get blown away!
Phew! Looks like Granbull caught it just in the nick of time!
I knew I could count on you, girl!
Aw, man... I think the paint got messed up, though. Granbull must have chewed on it a little bit.
That means she must like it!
Well, I AM pretty proud of it!
You know, I don't even really mind that it got ruined. It's enough for me just knowing that Granbull loved it!
That's a bummer.
Not necessarily... Granbull must have chomped onto this painting because she really liked it.
And if that's the case, I don't really mind that it got ruined. 
It served its purpose!
I mean, look how happy Granbull looks!
I bet if you got close to her now, she wouldn't be afraid anymore, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
She may be a scaredy-cat, but she knows a nice person when she sees one.
I actually think Granbull might really like you!
