[Name:PlayerNickname ] was strolling through town one day, doing some shopping...
when [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] turned a corner and suddenly found [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="himself" F="herself" ] nose to nose with Winona!
I've been waiting for you.
How did you know I'd be here?
A little bird Pokémon told me... I heard tidings on the wind...
I am a bird Pokémon user, after all. News tends to fly fast when one of us is around.
Likewise.
Then it must be fate. Maybe the wind guided us both here...
I had hoped the two of us would meet.
I was wondering if you had a moment to...
Hm? What's wrong, Pelipper?
I'm sorry—do I know you?
... ... ... ... ... ...
That intense gaze... That aura of determination...
They can only mean one thing...
That this person wishes to challenge me to a Pokémon battle!
Well, if a battle is what he wants, then a battle he shall get! We'll blow him away like a strong gust of wind!
Maybe he just likes you.
Just...likes me?
What you mean to say is that maybe he values my skill as a fellow Pokémon Trainer, correct?
If that's the case, then I really must defeat him. It would be embarrassing to lose to someone who respects me so much!
He might not want to battle at all.
But...why would he be emanating such an air of intensity if he didn't want to challenge me to a battle?
He looks like a tough opponent, in my eyes. Either way, there's no point in hesitating! I'll confirm it myself!
Come, Pelipper! Let's go!
What's the matter? Pelipper doesn't look like she's ready to put up a fight at all...
We certainly can't battle like this. Whatever should I do?
Why not ask him what he wants?
I'm almost positive he wishes to challenge me to a battle...
You could just ignore him.
What? I could never be so rude!
I'll have to fight him head on with everything I've got.
[Name:PlayerNickname ] began to feel like the conversation would never end, the way things were going...
so [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to go talk to the mysterious Trainer [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="himself" F="herself" ].
Interesting... So you're saying that Trainer over there was just trying to observe me?
He was impressed by my skills as a Pokémon Trainer and wanted to discover the secret to my strength?
Very interesting indeed. I don't actually have a secret, but if he wants to learn more about me, I'd be happy to share...
I feel quite happy now, knowing that someone respects me that much as a Trainer. I truly am overjoyed.
Do you feel the same way he does about me, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
You're a formidable rival.
Really? I feel the same about you.
You're the Trainer I feel I have to look out for the most. I can't afford to let my guard down at all against you.
Not really.
That's...unfortunate.
I suppose I still have much to learn.
I shall continue to train hard in the hope that one day our Trainer skill levels will be equal, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
After all, we're all rivals here at the PML. Let's give this tournament our utmost effort and leave here without any regrets!
