[Name:PlayerNickname ] arrived at the coast in search of a Trainer to battle.
And there [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] found Flint, with his Infernape, standing perfectly still.
Whew...
Sorry, I just had a blazing-hot battle that nearly burnt me down to cinders.
But I'm all right now! I just got my strength back.
You've got something hot with you, don't you. I can feel the heat from here!
I don't have anything!
You know I can see right through you, right?
You caught me.
You know I can see right through you, right?
Passionate Trainers are always particular about something.
How about you? What's your secret to success?
My unwavering will.
I knew it! I can feel your red-hot passion pouring out of you!
My commitment to being fashionable.
I knew it! I can feel your red-hot passion pouring out of you!
For me, it's my blazing hairdo!
Some people think if you're in the Elite Four, you need to be more clean-cut.
But do they know how much work I put into this hair? And anyway, it's your heart that matters, not your appearance!
It looks good on you!
I knew you'd appreciate it!
It's unique.
Is that a compliment?
What am I saying? It must be a compliment! Thanks!
Infernape has some things he's very particular about, too.
He always wants to battle against Pokémon that use moves that are a bad type matchup for him!
He's been this way ever since he was a Chimchar.
At first I thought he just wasn't paying attention, but then I realized what was going on.
This dude's got flames in his eyes! All he's thinking about is how he wants to get stronger!
Having him as my partner hasn't been easy, let me tell you. He's nearly turned my hair to ash many, many times.
People have tried to warn me about him, but I chose to keep on believing in him. We've had a fiery-hot life together!
Don't get me wrong, though. I'm not saying you should ignore everybody's advice.
I gotcha!
Always hear what people have to say, but if you still decide you're right, you don't have to change!
Oh yeah?
Always hear what people have to say, but if you still decide you're right, you don't have to change!
If you do it that way, then when you fail, you own that failure—but at least you did it your way, right?
Staying true to ourselves is our way of battling!
What a great combination you are!
Heh! Hearing that from you makes the fire in my heart burn even brighter!
You guys are cool!
Heh! Hearing that from you makes the fire in my heart burn even brighter!
I haven't had a conversation like this with anybody since Volkner! I like you even more now!
Let's have a blazing-hot battle sometime to see whose way of doing things comes out on top!
