As [Name:PlayerNickname ] was walking down a city street, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] noticed Karen and Houndoom walking just ahead of [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ].
[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ] opened [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] mouth to call out to them, but at that exact same moment, they turned around to face [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ].
Ah, I had a feeling it was you. I sensed your presence coming closer to me.
You didn't seem very vigilant, though.
You should never let your guard down.
Understood!
Good answer.
Uh-oh, there's a loose piece of thread hanging down from your clothes there.
Was my guard down just now?
Yes... For example...
Oh, look! There's a loose piece of thread hanging down from your clothes there.
Suddenly, Houndoom let out a small stream of fire just big enough to burn away the stray thread.
There, all gone.
... ... ... ... ... ...
You still don't get it, do you?
If my intentions had been malicious instead of helpful just now, you'd already be reduced to a pile of cinders.
That's why I told you— you can't afford to let your guard down.
You need to be fully aware, right down to the seams on your clothes. Bad people will invent all sorts of reasons to approach you.
Good to know!
Hmm... You're good at adapting, aren't you? You're determined to grow and improve, but you're flexible, too.
I'll be careful!
Hmm... You're good at adapting, aren't you? You're determined to grow and improve, but you're flexible, too.
I kind of like that.
Especially since Houndoom and I can't really relate.
You don't adapt and change?
No, we don't. To live life following the advice of others...
That just wouldn't be in our nature.
Why not?
To put it simply, we want to be free to live however we want to.
We tend to favor that sort of unrestrained lifestyle.
Likewise, we don't stop anyone else from doing what they want to do, either.
That being said, you should still straighten up your appearance and try not to give your opponent an opening.
Besides, if you possess true, genuine power, you won't need to change yourself anyway.
That makes sense!
I have noticed one thing, though...
Oh, perfect!
I have noticed one thing, though...
When Houndoom howls, most people and Pokémon can't help but quiver in fear.
But since we've been talking, I haven't seen you react that way at all.
You must have some serious guts— or else somehow be perfectly at ease...
More than likely, it's both.
... ... ...
Sorry. Forget about what I said earlier, all right?
You're strong in your own way.
Trainers like you should battle with whatever Pokémon they want and however they wish.
You have your own way of doing things, and so do I...
I hope someday we can see how our differences measure up in battle. I'll be looking forward to it.
