[Name:PlayerNickname ] heard Grant and his Amaura were heading up to the mountains, so [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] decided to head that way as well.
Upon arriving, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] spotted the pair of them gazing up at some tall cliffs.
Well now... Look who we have here. What brings you up here to the mountains today, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
I was actually looking for you.
Oh? Did you follow me up here?
I was curious what you were doing.
Oh? Did you follow me up here?
Well, sorry to disappoint you, but we just came to scope out the area today in preparation for the real climb.
We're practicing so that one day, Amaura and I can conquer this mountain together.
But it's dangerous!
Of course it is! That's why we make sure we take every safety precaution possible.
Don't worry—we'll still be extremely cautious. After all, mountain climbing is never 100 percent safe, no matter how well prepared you are.
I believe in you!
Thank you! I'd love to ask you to join us on the climb...
but it can actually be quite dangerous.
It's important to be vigilant, no matter how many safety precautions you've taken.
I came to compete in the PML in order to reach greater heights as a Trainer.
But that's not the only reason I decided to come here to Pasio.
This is an artificial island... That means someone had to create all of this beautiful, majestic nature.
I knew that climbing the mountains here would be unlike anything I've ever done before!
Ahh, I'm getting excited just thinking about it... I can't wait to start climbing.
Is there something at the very top?
No, nothing special.
Do you get a prize for doing it?
No, there's nothing like that.
Just a wide, open view of the landscape below.
Then why climb up there?
Well, when I see a wall in front of me, I've just got to climb it.
I don't get it.
Well, what if I told you it's a lot of fun for me?
Pokémon battling and rock-climbing are really different, but they have a lot in common, too.
They can both feel like a wall in front of you. You just have to climb over that wall and keep aiming higher and higher.
Wouldn't you agree? I feel like the whole process is really important.
Yeah, and that's awesome.
When it comes to Pokémon battling, you and I are a lot alike.
The look of enjoyment on our faces is as plain as day, even when we're up against a tough opponent.
It sounds awfully tough...
Really? But I thought you were like me when it comes to tackling challenges...pushing yourself hard, past your limits, sometimes.
Oh! Did you hear Amaura make that sound just now? Maybe we'll get to see it tonight.
Legends say that the cry of an Amaura is a sign that an aurora will appear in the sky.
I've never actually seen one myself, though.
Wouldn't it be amazing if Amaura and I climbed to the top of this treacherous mountain to witness that beautiful aurora together?
Knowing there may be a special reward like that at the top makes me want to go for it even more!
What do you think, Amaura?
I don't know if she understands me or not... I think whether we decide to go up will depend on how Amaura feels.
Anyway, [Name:PlayerNickname ]...
Rock-climbing is my own challenge to myself, but Pokémon battling can be something we strive to conquer together.
Overcoming a tough battle is like climbing a giant wall—there's beauty on the other side that you won't find anywhere else...
That's how I like to look at it, anyway.
