[Name:PlayerNickname ] met up with Siebold to buy some ingredients for his recipe.
Once they'd collected everything on the list, they decided to take a short break.
Thanks to you, I was able to gather all of the ingredients I need in record time.
Soon, with the expert touch of my chef's knife, these fresh, crisp vegetables will be reborn!
Whether the ingredients shine beautifully in the dish or end up ruining it depends on the skill of the chef.
We chefs must carefully consider our ingredients and take full responsibility for the outcome of each dish we create.
Ingredients and chefs, Pokémon and Trainers...
The relationships between them are quite similar in a lot of ways.
I think that's why both of them appeal to me so much.
I hate to change the subject so abruptly, but I have a question I'd like to ask you.
Do you believe that Pokémon have limitless potential?
I do.
Interesting...
Many Pokémon live their lives very close to our own, while others do not show themselves in front of people at all.
Most of them are shrouded in mystery. Therefore, we can't possibly know how limitless their potential truly is.
To draw out the hidden potential in our Pokémon—to create a future full of possibility— is the greatest mission of all for us Trainers.
I don't think so.
What foolishness!
How can you place a limit on your Pokémon's potential and still call yourself a Pokémon Trainer?!
A Trainer and their Pokémon play vital roles in each other's future.
They go through their lives together. They hurt together and they help together. They must continue to survive together.
If Trainers can't believe in their Pokémon or would try to limit their Pokémon's potential, maybe the world is better off without them!
Oh dear, I must apologize... I got a bit too carried away.
Personally, I do believe that Pokémon have limitless potential hidden deep within them.
The PML is like a great, brilliant stage where we can witness that potential with our own two eyes.
Nothing makes me happier than watching a Pokémon battle...
and witnessing firsthand the incredible potential that Trainers are able to draw out of their Pokémon.
Then let's do our absolute best!
Always! Of course!
Trainers can help draw out the potential in their fellow Trainers as well, you know!
I'm a little lost...
Pardon me? Have you been listening to what I've been saying at all?!
You, young [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="sir" F="miss" ], are ill qualified to be a Trainer! What do you expect to achieve at the PML if you can't even comprehend that?
Oh dear, I do apologize... I get so caught up in my own enthusiasm.
Just as I do with the recipes I create, I have endeavored to draw out my Clawitzer's maximum potential...
and with me doing so, Clawitzer has also helped me draw out my own potential as a Trainer.
And just as certain ingredients and spices serve to heighten the flavor of others in a recipe...
so, too, do Pokémon and their Trainers. We are better together. I've witnessed it in others and experienced it firsthand.
Incredible, huh!
Yes, indeed! But what it all boils down to in the end is...I want nothing more than to truly connect with my Pokémon. That's it.
That's intense!
Yes, indeed! But what it all boils down to in the end is...I want nothing more than to truly connect with my Pokémon. That's it.
Well now! All of this talking has made me work up quite an appetite.
We've already purchased all of the necessary ingredients. I think it's time we turned them into something shockingly delicious!
Feast your eyes as Chef Siebold draws out the limitless potential of the ingredients he's chosen for this dish...
Let the battle begin!
