As [Name:PlayerNickname ] was exploring some caves one day, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] ran into Roark.
His eyebrows furrowed in concentration as he gazed deep into the cave...
I was just trying to imagine how I would have dug out this area if it were me.
What do you mean?
Well, I like drawing up plans and blueprints in my head for digging up caves and things. It's fun!
You were? Why?
Well, I like drawing up plans and blueprints in my head for digging up caves and things. It's fun!
I wonder what the person who built this artificial island was thinking when they dug out these caves.
If it were me, I think I would have turned these caves into a giant tunnel system that could transport people all over the island.
That sounds amazing!
Hehe, thanks. But if a tunnel's gonna be used by that many people, the builders have to make sure it's completely safe.
I see!
Of course, if a tunnel's gonna be used by that many people, the builders have to make sure it's completely safe.
Someday, I'd love to excavate and build something like that! The biggest, greatest tunnel in the whole world!
Imagine how much happiness a tunnel like that could bring to people!
Plus, if I'm excavating that much ground, I'm bound to find all sorts of cool, rare fossils along the way!
Fossil collecting is my life's work, you know! Digging up enough of them to open my own museum has always been a dream of mine.
Ideally, I'd build a whole underground city and open up the museum there! Sounds like something out of an epic movie, right?
I'd have tons of ultra-rare fossils on display— ones you can't find anywhere else! I'm sure it would be fun for visitors...
but it's just a silly dream, after all. I'm sure it'll never happen. You probably think I'm crazy, don't you?
I bet you could do it, Roark!
You really think so? Thanks...for supporting my dream.
No! I'd love to visit your museum!
Really? Thanks...for believing in my dream.
Honestly, I've been thinking of giving up on that dream again lately.
But hearing you say that just now gave me courage. I think I want to keep chasing my dream, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
"Again"? You've given up on your dream before?
It was a long time ago, but yes. I had just finished building my first tunnel ever...and the very next day, it collapsed.
What do you mean?
Well, I almost gave it up once, a long time ago. I had just finished building my first tunnel ever...and the very next day, it collapsed.
I was in shock... I'd reviewed my blueprints over and over and built the tunnel to the best of my ability. I was confident it was safe!
But I failed. The fact that the tunnel collapsed despite how hard I'd worked felt like a sign that maybe digging wasn't for me after all.
I kept dwelling on those thoughts, and I came really close to giving up...
but then I saw my buddy here smash open a rock that was said to be unbreakable!
Cranidos picked up a rock and body-slammed the supposedly unbreakable rock with it, and it smashed right open!
I had never thought to do that before. That day, Cranidos taught me that there's never just one way to do things.
It seems like both you and Cranidos taught me another lesson today.
No matter how crazy and outlandish my dream may seem, as long as I never give up, I may think of a way to make it a reality someday!
I'll have to learn how to think outside the box and become more resourceful, just like my partner here!
I'll still be Roark the Rock! My willpower will still be unbreakable!
I just need to break out of my box and think more unconventionally!
