[Name:PlayerNickname ] carefully made [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="his" F="her" ] way through a long, dark cave.
[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ] thought [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] heard something.
And then a Gengar that appeared to be wild jumped out at [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ]!
Let's battle!
Now, now, dear, you shouldn't frighten guests like that.
I'll catch you!
Now, now, dear, you shouldn't frighten guests like that.
Sorry about that, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
You can draw out Gengar's power to the fullest in dark places, which is why we're here.
I myself like places where the sun doesn't shine. They make me feel calm.
Really?
Don't judge me. That's just how I am.
That's weird.
Don't judge me. That's just how I am.
Doesn't it get lonely?
That's really none of your concern.
Without me, wouldn't it be lonely?
That's really none of your concern.
Why is it that I always meet people like you? It's been that way for a long, long time.
What do you mean?
And on top of being nosy, you're a meddlesome child, too.
Who are you talking about?
And on top of being nosy, you're a meddlesome child, too.
Ah well... I guess it won't hurt to talk a bit.
Do you know Oak? I've been stuck with him for a long, long time.
That old duff was once tough and handsome! He's a shadow of his former self now.
He does know and talk a lot about Pokémon, which might be why he's always surrounded by people. He used to shine so brightly.
Compared to him, I'm the quiet type when it comes to Pokémon. I like to get lost in thought about them all by myself.
I was doing what I liked, but that old duff Oak would not stop talking to me.
I think he was just trying to be nice, but he was giving me help I had never asked for.
He was taking up the time I wanted to spend in contemplation, so I thought I'd try to shut him up with a Pokémon battle.
But back then, that old guy was strong— undefeated, in fact. Was he as good as me? He was better.
So then I battled Oak again and again.
At some point, the time I spent with him started meaning a lot to me.
One day, all of a sudden, the old duff said he wanted to make a Pokédex.
I told him that Pokémon are for battling, but he wouldn't listen.
He wasted my precious time, and when he'd had enough of our battles, he left. Why do charming men have to be so meddlesome?
He trampled all over my youth, even though I never wanted anything to do with him in the first place.
Hey, Gengar, don't interrupt me when I'm talking. You're just as meddlesome as ever, aren't you?
Meddlesome?
That's right. She always interrupts me when she thinks it's for my own good.
Maybe she's bored.
No, it's not that. She always interrupts me when she thinks it's for my own good.
Whenever I talk about that old Oak guy, my tone of voice gets harsh, so she worries about me.
I always tell her she doesn't need to, though.
But the truth is, she has helped me many times throughout my life.
That's one thing you should keep in mind, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
No matter how much you think you're all alone and no one understands you, people are never really alone.
If you take a look around, you'll definitely find someone meddlesome lurking nearby. Like in the shadow of that rock there.
