While [Name:PlayerNickname ] was taking a stroll, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] ran into Pryce and his Seel.
[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ] called out to say hello, but Pryce didn't hear [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ].
It seems like you've been slacking off a bit ever since we got to Pasio, Seel.
If you'd been more focused during our last battle, winning would have been a breeze for us.
If we continue on at this rate, triumphing at the PML will be nothing more than a dream. And a distant dream at that.
How's it going, you two?
Hm? Is that you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? Well, well! Fancy running into you here, of all places.
Um, excuse me...
Hm? Is that you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? Well, well! Fancy running into you here, of all places.
Have you been training out here?
No, just taking a stroll.
Ah, it just so happens that Seel and I are doing the same.
No, but that could be fun.
I see. Taking a break today, then?
Seel and I take walks all over Pasio as part of our daily routine, you know.
The brief respite gives us a nice, quiet moment to relax together each day.
However, I believe Seel has been taking advantage of that relaxing time a bit too much...
He's so caught up in the young, lively atmosphere of Pasio that all he wants to do now is play, play, play.
A little fun couldn't hurt, right?
Yes, but a certain amount of discipline is also necessary for growth.
That sounds a little strict...
Yes, but a certain amount of discipline is also necessary for growth.
Seel and I did not journey all the way to Pasio to play around on vacation.
Are you not training hard each day in preparation for the PML as well?
Listen... The path to reach the mountain summit is not a gentle one, child.
At times, we must not only be strict with ourselves but with our Pokémon as well.
I...I see...
Oh, drat.
I'm sorry...
Oh, drat.
Sometimes my enthusiasm gets the best of me and I end up lecturing you whippersnappers... It's a bad habit of mine.
I've already bored you to tears, haven't I?
No, I'm learning a lot!
Well, I'm happy to hear that... I have a bit more advice for you, if you'd still care to listen.
It was a little difficult to grasp.
I see... A bit difficult, you say?
Hmm... I will try to keep things simple.
Both of us are heading toward the same goal right now: to compete in the PML, and perhaps even to win.
I'm sure the road will be tough, with many hurdles to block our way. Things may not always go how we want them to.
It will not be easy. The journey will be long and arduous...
but when we finally overcome all of our obstacles and reach our destination, we will have grown so much.
Because we so strongly wish to learn and grow with our Pokémon...
Because of the bonds that connect us... The friendship and the courage...
and so on and so forth...
Um...
Hm? Oh, drat! Not again... I'm simply incorrigible.
Sorry to interrupt...
Hm? Oh, drat! Not again... I'm simply incorrigible.
Sheesh! I shouldn't be lecturing others on being sloppy and undisciplined when I can't even keep track of myself...
Are you lecturing ME now, Seel? Well, perhaps I deserve it... Thank you.
That's it, isn't it? Words of kindness can be just as important as criticism.
We need both in order to bring out the best in each other.
Being strict for the sake of your Pokémon, huh?
Indeed! That doesn't mean I don't enjoy a good bit of fun with my Pokémon, though.
That makes sense, I guess...
Indeed! That doesn't mean I don't enjoy a good bit of fun with my Pokémon, though.
What I mean to say is...having fun and playing with your Pokémon isn't the only good way to spend time with them.
I believe that if you really care about your Pokémon, you'll know the importance of being strict with them sometimes.
Y'know what? You're an Ice-type Pokémon user, aren't you? Pryce, right? The veteran Gym Leader?
Indeed. And if I'm not mistaken, you're an Ice-type Pokémon user and veteran Gym Leader yourself.
Well then, how's about a little showdown between us veterans? What do you say?
Hmph... That could be interesting. A battle to find out which one of us is the true master of Ice-type Pokémon.
Y'know, there's no point in standing around and boasting about it. Let's show these folks a glacial battle they'll never forget!
Y'know...I thought I was a veteran when it comes to battling, but you really showed me a thing or two today.
It was a fine battle—truly! I feel more motivated than ever to continue my journey and train hard.
Well, thank you for... Wait a sec. Your Pokémon looks like it's gonna evolve!
Is that true, Seel? Are you evolving? I'll be right here to witness it.
It's time to prepare for our next battle. I have faith in you, Seel.
