As [Name:PlayerNickname ] was wandering the town, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] felt like someone was calling [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ].
Looking around, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] noticed Will and Xatu standing there.
Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. Come over here.
Hehe, all according to plan.
Plan?
I see that my psychic powers reached you.
I felt like somebody was calling me.
I see that my psychic powers reached you.
I thought this would be a good opportunity for us to get better acquainted with each other. So I set up this meeting so we could chat.
I thought...that I might need your help in order to become stronger.
But you're so strong already.
I thought so, too...but I was wrong.
You need me?
That's right. I sense raw power sleeping inside of you.
I trained vigorously in order to become a member of the Elite Four. And at long last, I was able to become one.
I was confident that nobody but the Champion could defeat me.
But one day, a random Trainer was able to defeat me easily.
I was much weaker than I had thought.
That is why I want to find new power at the PML.
I want to defeat that Trainer with that power!
I shall show you how I am training to do so. Look into Xatu's eyes.
It is said that Xatu is gazing at both the past and the future.
By looking into her eyes, you can feel like you're able to predict what will happen in battle!
Well?
I don't feel a thing.
Well, that's strange.
I saw something!
I appreciate you taking me seriously, but please don't lie.
I wonder why it's not working.
Well, this is a predicament. I thought you'd be able to feel something, but...
Hm? What's wrong, Xatu?
*gasp* What is this power?!
[Name:PlayerNickname ]! Look into her eyes again!
Did you feel it, too? Like the cheers and excitement of thousands of people!
I did!
That might be our future!
What was that...?
That might be our future!
A vision of us facing each other at the PML. At least that is how I interpreted it.
As I thought, I need you.
As two Trainers who were gifted with a vision from Xatu...
let's keep moving forward toward that future!
Hm? No, you shouldn't stare into her eyes too long!
You might accidentally see the result of our battle.
That would take the fun out of it, wouldn't it?
We may be able to forecast the future, but it is up to us to be able to pave the way to it!
I'm looking forward to our future!
