Whew! I think that's good enough for today's training! How about we head back, Pidgeot?
Hm? What's up?
Oh, hey, it's [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Bonjour!
Bad timing! I would have let you battle me if you'd gotten here a little sooner. Oh well.
When you're as famous as we are, Trainers'll challenge you every time you walk down the street! Pidgeot needs some rest now.
So you do have a heart!
Of course I do! What kind of Trainer would I be if I didn't take care of my Pokémon?!
Good thinking!
Thanks! You've gotta get plenty of rest if you want to be on your A game. That goes for Pokémon AND for Trainers!
Hm? What is it? Ohhh... I know that look in your eye. You want me to give you some tips on battling, don't you.
All right! First, let me introduce you to some other Trainers that are here on Pasio!
Hey! Flannery! Torkoal!
Oh, hey, Blue! You're here, too, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? What's going on here?
Wait, you two know each other?
Of course! We're on a team, after all!
Whoa, look at you! Sounds like you've already got a pretty good team going, don't you, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
It's no easy feat to get a strong Trainer to acknowledge you as a teammate, so good going! Of course, she's not as good as me, but...
You just had to keep talking, didn't you. Well, you implied that I'm a strong Trainer, so I'll take the compliment.
I wanted to introduce you two, but if you already know each other...I guess we can move on!
There she is. Heeey! Misty!
Hey, Blue! Hey, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Oh, and Flannery, too? What are you all up to? Doing some training?
... ... ...
Don't tell me... You're on [Name:PlayerNickname ]'s team, too, aren't you, Misty.
Yup! [Name:PlayerNickname ]'s been working super hard to grow strong for the team!
Brock and I made sure to teach [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ] the basics. [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ]'s got a real knack for Pokémon battling.
Hm, I see... Of course, if I were on the team, too, [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] would be even stronger.
Hey! Are you trying to say I'm a bad teacher?
I'm just saying...[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] could learn a lot more from a stronger sync pair.
Ugh! I guess some things never change. You think you're better than me. Just admit it!
Hey, guys, I don't feel right saying this, but let's cool down a bit! Why not just settle this with a Pokémon battle?
I'm game for that! But just a normal battle would be boring...
There are a bunch of event matches going on all over Pasio right now for the PML.
I heard one of them is a team-on-team elimination battle... You interested?
That kind of feels like a roundabout way of solving things, but all right! Challenge accepted.
I guess it'll be more fun to settle this with a bang. Let's do it!
All right! Then [Name:PlayerNickname ] and Flannery are with me!
Wait, why do you get [Name:PlayerNickname ] on your team?!
Because [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he" F="she" ] can learn more that way.
You really are a piece of work, aren't you... Fine, then I'll make my own Water-type team that'll knock your socks off!
This is getting pretty intense! I like it!
You guys aren't bad! I didn't think you'd be able to keep up with me! Not a bad team we have here!
No kidding! We even made it to the finals!
Huh, it looks like I just got a Poryphone message from Misty... Wait—what?!
What's wrong?
She lost?! There's somebody in this tournament that could beat Misty?
I thought that she and her Starmie would easily make it to the finals.
So you admit that she's good.
She's the Cerulean City Gym Leader. It's only common sense she would make it to the finals.
You had faith in her, didn't you.
She's the Cerulean City Gym Leader. It's only common sense she would make it to the finals.
Aww, man... I'm so bummed I lost that battle. I guess I won't be battling you in the finals after all.
Misty! What happened?!
You got sloppy, didn't you.
I'm just gonna pretend I didn't hear that... We had fun, and that's what matters. By the way, the guy that beat me had a message for you!
He said he wants a rematch with you, Blue.
A rematch?! You mean I've battled this guy before?
Oh, you'll know him when you see him... Watch out, though. He's strong! I guess I'll see you at the arena in a bit! I'm not missing this!
I've been waiting for you, Blue!
Ahhh, Bruno. So you're the one who beat Misty, huh? Guess that's to be expected from a member of the Indigo League Elite Four.
It is all a result of my perseverance training from before and during my time on Pasio.
...
Indigo Elite Four?! Oh man, I have to put my game face on!
Good call, Flannery. Bruno is the real deal.
Flannery, [Name:PlayerNickname ], time to get serious!
Get ready for our superior power! Hoo hah!
We...lost?! To these children?!
We went through arduous training with Master Bruno... We even beat a Gym Leader!
This is nothing strange. They were just stronger than us.
And as long as you underestimate them as children, that means you still harbor hubris in your heart.
Team battles aren't about the power of each individual pair but of how well those pairs work together.
Blue, Flannery, and [Name:PlayerNickname ] unleashed their true potential as a team.
You're right, Bruno. It's true. You guys are all strong sync pairs...
but my team went a step further, making sure we covered each other's weaknesses.
Flannery, [Name:PlayerNickname ]... I think that battle was the best this team has done yet! Good job, guys!
It's our loss. Blue, you are a really impressive Trainer.
No matter the situation or predicament, you strive to be the best there is, and you have the tenacity and serenity to actualize that desire.
I have trained to the absolute limit.
But perhaps you have the power to surpass that limit.
I know a guy that I don't want to lose to. And I know that he continues to get even stronger.
That's why I can't afford to stop.
That's why I want strong Trainers to battle. So if you ever want another rematch, just let me know!
I shall train more and challenge you again.
So that's what makes you such a strong Trainer, huh, Blue? I gotta work harder, too!
Hey, Bruno! Can I train with you?
Of course! We can start immediately!
Well, I guess that means our little impromptu team is disbanding. It's been fun, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
I had fun, too!
Heh! Glad to hear that. You know you're on the right track if you're able to have fun.
I learned a lot!
Make sure you remember how strong Pidgeot and I are, all right?
Here's hoping we can see each other again at some other tournament event.
I have no intention of losing, so if you keep moving up the ranks, I'm sure we'll end up battling each other one way or another.
I look forward to seeing how strong you become!
