I wonder what kind of country it is...
He's next in line for the throne, right?
An actual real-life prince! Isn't that dreamy?
Lear? Of course I know him!
He's supposedly the prince of some country, huh.
If he's got the kind of power that would allow him to build an entire island like this, he's got to be incredibly rich!
Isn't he a gweat puyson?
I wespect him a lot!
But a lot of people think he's a bad guy...
Lear pwetends to be mean, but he's actually a weally wespectable puyson.
He's talented—and always twied his hahdest to become the pwince he is today!
I huyd a lady with puyple haiyuh saying that!
Not too shabby, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! Let's keep up the pace!
Heh, Rachel's right. It's obvious you kids have grown a lot as Trainers since the last time we saw you.
But the young master's putting in just as much effort—if not more. He's made sure the volcanoes and glaciers all look as realistic as possible...
all so that the Trainers who come to Pasio can experience Pokémon battles in a load of different environments.
Sooo true. Master Lear's not just a genius—he's a hard worker, too.
Hey, you're not gonna believe it! I saw a sync pair being attacked by Team Break!
And get this: Lear helped the Trainers!
Wait, whaaat?! Lear, as in Prince Lear? And you're saying that he actually helped somebody?
Yeah, I was as surprised as you are. Maybe he's a better guy than we thought.
I'm having a hard time imagining a nice Lear...
Well, it is true he has a major attitude problem. If he fixes that, he might turn out to be a good tournament host.
Shhh! Don't scream! I promise, I don't bite!
Rachel fan? Me? Nah, I couldn't care less about her.
Sawyer's the one I gel with, man. Now here! Take this and leave me alone!
Ahhh, he's so ripped! Body-building goals, dude...
Ahhh! He's too cool!
These other Team Break thugs look stronger than the last ones. Don't let your guard down, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
[EN:Gen Ref="255" M="He" F="She" ]'ll be fiiine. Even Master Lear has his eye on [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ] lately. Right, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? This'll be, like, a piece of cake for you.
I mean, if we're being toootally honest here, the two of us are lookin' forward to seeing what you can do, too.
Leave it at that, Rachel. We just happen to share an enemy with [Name:PlayerNickname ] right now... That's all.
I know, I knooow... Only be nice if it benefits Master Lear...
Pardon me. You there!
I'll make you head over heels for me just like everybody else!
I'd like to see you try.
Ooh, I like you. You'll fit right in with my other followers!
Thanks, but I'll pass.
No, wait! Don't run away! I know I seem suspicious, but I swear I'm not a bad person!
I see you thought it over.
I'll make you head over heels for me just like everybody else!
I thought I could show off to all my followers!
It doesn't matter if you lose! This weak and vulnerable side of you is just as lovely!
Please...just leave me alone...
