... ... ...
Hey, Cheren. What's with the long face?
Well, you went on a massive journey around the Unova region...
and I followed a similar path right there along with you. Now I'm a Gym Leader.
Honestly, I think we make a pretty strong team, and I'm totally confident in our battle skills. It's just that...
Yeah, I get it, buddy.
We might have to go up against Champion-level Trainers from here on out. If we're lucky, we'll be evenly matched.
In some respects, we're here as challengers. There are probably going to be some rough battles up ahead.
Yeah. I've been thinking the same thing.
Moving forward in this competition is going to require more strength and power than we've ever had to use before.
And...seeking victory for victory's sake won't be enough. We'll have to battle as a team— use our strength to help one another...
That's the sort of battling that's going to be expected of us from here on out.
Use our strength to help one another, huh?
Pfft.
Hm? What are you laughing at?
Sorry, sorry. It's just that...
I just remembered how you were before we started exploring Unova. You really have changed a lot since then.
I don't know whether to take that as a compliment or an insult...
I'll admit that I've had tunnel vision in the past when it comes to winning. I didn't really know what I wanted back then.
But the experiences I had and the people I met along the way helped me figure that out for myself.
You got that right. I want to use everything I learned during my journey to triumph in this tournament.
Hey...I've got an idea!
I think I might know someone who's in the same boat as us!
What do you mean?
Cheren! I'm talking about somebody who might wanna join our team for the PML! Come on, follow me!
Hilda!
Hey, Cheren! Hilbert told me everything. If it's about Pokémon battles, leave it to me!
I've always wanted to team up and battle with you two. We'd be like Team Unova!
You've seen firsthand what an awesome Trainer Hilda is, right, Cheren?
And all three of us have gone through similar journeys across Unova, right? I was thinking... that might help us really get in sync as a team!
I see... That sounds like a great idea!
Hilbert's right. I already know for a fact that you're passionate about Pokémon battling. It practically radiates off of you.
So you'll join our team then? I look forward to battling together!
Yeah, right back at ya!
All right! Now that we have a full team, let's train! Victory or bust!
