Whew... I haven't had a heated battle like that in ages! And your teamwork! That was awesome!
Exactly! You did well to notice, Flannery!
B-Blaine?! How long were you watching us?
You are indeed a powerful Trainer, Flannery. But your eagerness as a Gym Leader has given you tunnel vision!
What you need right now are friends that you can trust and depend on!
Friends...
That's right—friends! So here's your final challenge, Flannery.
Join [Name:PlayerNickname ]'s team, and make your way to the PML!
Wait...what?!
Travel with friends, have fun, battle with them, and try to reflect on the choices you've made. I'm certain you'll grow a lot as you go!
We'd be more than glad to have you on our team, Flannery. What do you say?
Thanks. I think you're right, Blaine... I'll do it!
That's what I wanted to hear!
[Name:PlayerNickname ], let me on your team! Let's make it to the PML together!
Of course!
Whoo! Thanks!
Hah!
I recognize that "hah"! I'm looking forward to working with you guys!
Make sure she doesn't get into too much trouble, all right, [Name:PlayerNickname ]? I'm off to form my own team for the PML!
Whaaa—?!
Hehe. I never said it out loud, Flannery, but I've been itching to battle you with these new rules!
My Trainer's spirit has long been ignited! Hahaha!
All right, if that's the game you're playing, I want in! The next time we see each other, I'm not holding anything back!
Let's get moving, [Name:PlayerNickname ]! How many badges do you have so far?
Badges?
Oh, right. Badges. This might be a good time to start collecting them.
I don't think I have any.
Oh, right. Badges. This might be a good time to start collecting them.
We need to collect five badges to officially compete in the PML.
And each badge is held by a PML Leader.
Do you know who any of these leaders might be?
Now that you mention it...
A Gym Leader friend of mine from Kanto, Erika, might've said something about being a PML Leader.
Then we don't have any time to lose! Thanks for everything, Blaine! I'm looking forward to battling you the next time we see each other!
Hahaha! You're on, kid!
