What just happened?! Did I really just lose to Team Break?!
Barry, listen to me! It's me, Rosa! Look!
Huh? Wait... Is that you, Rosa? Hold on... So you guys aren't Team Break?
No! Took you long enough to realize. You nearly scared the living daylights out of us!
What?! Oh... I'm sorry about that! Guess I jumped to the wrong conclusion.
But on the bright side, I'm glad I didn't lose to Team Break!
Wait, Rosa, you know who I'm talking about, right? They're those suspicious weirdos that wear goofy masks!
Yeah, we just dealt with a few ourselves. Why do you think they're causing all this trouble? They're a real nuisance, if you ask me...
Oh, so they came after you, too, huh? Man, what is their problem?!
Oh yeah! By the way, what are you guys doing here? Did you come to take down Team Break?
Oops, I almost forgot! We actually came here looking for you!
[Name:PlayerNickname ], I'd like to introduce you to my friend Barry!
He's a famous Trainer from the Sinnoh region. He can be a little impulsive at times...but other than that, Barry's a really dependable guy!
So, Barry, we've actually been on the lookout for sync pairs who might want to join our team for the PML!
What do you think? Would you be interested in joining [Name:PlayerNickname ]'s team?!
For the PML?! I really want to, but Team Break are still out there...
I heard there's a spot nearby where they like to hang out... Aww, man! Should I join up with you or go deal with Team Break?!
Hmm... What do you think, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?
Let's help Barry out!
I like that plan! Come on, Barry! Let's go take down those Team Break meanies!
Seriously?! All right! If we can take those clowns down, I'll join your team!
Let's go after them together!
Wait, you're gonna help me find those clowns?! That would be great!
You know what? I think I WILL join your team. We're gonna be awesome together!
So like I was saying before, I heard Team Break's been using a cave nearby as their hideout.
Come on! I'll race you there! Last one to the cave's a rotten egg!
