Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Pokémon Masters League. Let the opening ceremony begin!
I am Lear, host and founder of this tournament. I expect your undivided attention now!
Sync pairs who stand before me...you have proven your strength by collecting all five PML Badges!
This tournament will decide which team among you is the strongest of all. I had Pasio designed and built for that very purpose!
So rise, my ambitious Trainers! Climb the ranks and unleash your power! Claim the ultimate victory as your own!
Or at least entertain the hilarious thought that you might actually win.
Why hilarious? Because you have no chance. I, Lear, am unquestionably the strongest of all!
Bwahaha! Hahaha!
Sounds like the tournament matches will be starting soon. I wonder what sort of battles await us...
Cynthia... I should have guessed she'd be able to get at least this far.
I see Blue and Red, too, but I suppose that's to be expected as well.
If we continue to win, we'll end up facing powerhouse Trainers like them somewhere down the line...
Wait...we're already gonna be competing with the best of the best, starting right now! We've gotta try our absolute hardest!
You're right. But we went through the same trials and tribulations that they did. We belong here just as much as they do.
If we unite our hearts as a team, we can defeat any opponent! I believe in us.
Unite your hearts...as a team? *snort* That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard!
Oh, it's you...
I must say, I never thought the likes of you would make it this far... I smell Foul Play.
E-excuse me?! We're Trainers of integrity! We collected our badges fair and square!
Hmph! Sawyer!
It seems you made an error when choosing our PML Leaders. They must have been complete garbage to have let these amateurs through!
M-my apologies, young master!
Uhh, did you wake up on the wrong side of bed this morning, Master Lear? You're even crankier than usual.
Of course I am! All I could see during the ceremony was that cheeky red-hatted twerp!
Ugh... That kid infuriates me! I shall not rest until I defeat him once and for all!
That goes for you, too! Another pip-squeak in a stupid hat! It's like you are TRYING to annoy me!
Word of advice, Lear: [Name:PlayerNickname ] is a lot stronger than the last time we met.
If you let your guard down, you might be surprised at the results.
You aren't actually implying that I could LOSE to [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="him" F="her" ], are you? Hah! When Tepig fly, maybe! That's absurd!
None of you belong in this tournament! Just hurry up and lose so I can be rid of you!
Tsk! Still as pleasant as ever, isn't he!
Are you just gonna let him get away with saying that stuff, [Name:PlayerNickname ]?!
I'll make him regret it next time we battle!
Good answer. We sync pairs should settle our scores with Pokémon battles.
Right now, I'm more focused on getting stronger.
It's great to be humble and all...but all of us here are full-fledged sync pairs. That's something we should be proud of.
If we keep winning, I'm sure we'll eventually have to face him. When the time comes, let's show him what we're made of!
Yeah! We'll show him... ... ...Huh?
Hey! Look over there! Isn't that...
Paulo!
Brock, Rosa... [Name:PlayerNickname ]...
It's good to see you again! And if you're here, that must mean...
Yep. I managed to form my own team and collect every last badge.
Now that I'm this strong, I won't let anyone...anyone...
... ... ...
Uhh, are you feeling OK, Paulo? You look a little pale...
Sorry... I'm probably just a little tired. That's all.
A lot's happened since we arrived here, [Name:PlayerNickname ]. We both managed to make it this far.
But I worked harder than ever to get to this point. I don't plan on losing anytime soon!
I'll see you in the finals!
