The place Paulo told us about should be around here, right?
But yikes, this place is hot! Are there really Trainers that come here on purpose?
Haiyaaaaaaaaa!
Hah! Not done yet!
I guess there actually are people here... Look over there.
Is that all you've got, Flannery?! Get back up!
I'm not done yet!
Hey, you guys are Trainers right? Can we ask you a question?
Hm? What's up?
We're looking for people to join our PML team!
Oh, the PML! I see, but...
I'm training with Blaine here so I can be an awesome Trainer like my grandpa.
I'm flattered you'd ask, but I want to focus on getting stronger right now.
Aw, man. You're not gonna compete? Well...I guess we can't force you.
I see you've made your way to Pasio as well, Blaine. Didn't think I'd see you here.
Pleasure running into you, too, Brock! Seems like you've got yourself a pretty strong team here.
Hmm... I just had a brilliant idea. See, I've been thinking of moving on to a new training area here pretty soon...
Sorry to spring this on you guys, but how would you feel about battling Flannery here?
Sure! Let's do it right now!
Whoa, there... Pump the brakes a bit, would ya? I didn't mean right this second.
Wait, we're not ready to battle yet!
Whoa, there... Pump the brakes a bit! Don't worry. I didn't mean right this second.
There are a lot of other sync pairs that came here to train. A lot of hot-blooded ones, just like us.
How about you battle your way through them and finally battle Flannery at the top of the volcano?
Wait... You want me to represent all the other Trainers here and stand atop the volcano? As the final Trainer to beat?!
Oh gosh... That sounds like a pretty big role...
Wait, why am I hesitating?! Blaine's entrusting me to represent the volcano as the strongest Trainer of us all...
I'll show you what I'm made of! Come see me at the top...if you can!
Well, look at that kid go... Sorry to put all of this on you kids, but could you do me a favor and humor her for a bit?
Don't worry—we won't waste your time. You're looking for team members, right? I'm sure you'll find a few great ones.
Good deal! Thanks for lookin' out, old man! Let's get to it, [Name:PlayerNickname ]!
