Looks like the tournament matches are ramping up!
That being said, I'm still amazed that you've gotten this strong, [Name:PlayerNickname ].
Hehe! You're right, Brock! It's pretty amazing how fast [EN:Gen Ref="255" M="he's" F="she's" ] been growing.
If we can keep this up, I think our team might really be able to do it!
Win the tournament, that is!
Bwahaha! Careful, someone might overhear that utter nonsense you're spouting over there!
Who said that?!
You should save that sort of talk for bedtime— the only tournament you stand a chance at winning is the one in your dreams!
Lear!
I AM impressed, however, that you somehow managed to get even this far.
You must have some seriously good luck... I'm curious to see how far it will actually take you.
Bwahahahaha!
It's our teamwork that's gotten us this far!
Teamwork? Hah! Pure nonsense... Relying on others does NOT count as winning!
We're gonna win this together as a team!
As a team? Hah! Pure nonsense... Relying on others does NOT count as winning!
Give it a break, Lear!
You heard [Name:PlayerNickname ]! We're a team! We all worked together to make it this far!
Yeah! And all of our opponents up until now have had amazing teams, too!
If you keep up that attitude, you'll never know what true teamwork feels like, and I bet you'll never be able to win... I feel sorry for you.
Excuse me?! Did you just say YOU feel sorry for ME?
How dare you speak to the young master that way!
Ugh, why don't you just disqualify them? I'm sure you could, as the founder and all...
... ... ...
Y-young Master? Are you all right?
Ridiculous! Pure nonsense! Bonds, teamwork, sync pairs—all of it!
You'd have to be a complete fool to believe any of that nonsense will make you stronger! Surely, you must be joking!
The ONLY way to attain true strength is to train yourself hard—without relying on anyone else! You and you alone!
You have seen how powerful I am firsthand— isn't that proof enough? Is your weakness not proof enough?!
Say whatever you like—you shall never be strong enough to overcome the massive difference in power between us!
Master Lear...
A battle—right here, right now! If you refuse, I shall revoke your right to compete! Lose the battle, and you'll be just as gone!
Watch! I shall beat you to a pulp, just like last time, and you will be out of this competition for good.
And let this be a lesson to you! Bonds and teamwork are nothing but a ridiculous load of garbage!
