Did you know that every sync pair has a type that it's weak against? It's a scientific fact!
Before you depart on a journey or task, I highly recommend that you check the area's weakness type and edit your team accordingly!
Using attacks of that weakness type will inflict even greater damage than normal, you see!
They're super effective! Remember to adjust for weaknesses. You won't regret it! The results will speak for themselves.
Pssst! I've got a tip that'll help you take down tough opponents! It's about switching targets...
The more opponents you have battling against you at once, the harder it is to defeat them, right?
Well, if you target the weaker sync pairs first, you can take them off the board faster! Once you do that, winning is a breeze!
Then again, sometimes it's better to go for the strongest sync pair first, depending on the situation. Use your best judgment!
Either way, switching targets can be a superhelpful strategy!
Oww! That s-stings... I was petting my friend's Infernape, and I accidentally burned my hand...
Did you know that Pokémon can get burned, too? They can also be poisoned, paralyzed, frozen, and put to sleep.
We call these status conditions. Switching out your Pokémon isn't enough to heal them, so be careful.
Ow-ow-ow! Man, this burn really does hurt... If only it would heal automatically after a battle, like my Pokémon...
"After you use a sync move, the amount of damage your team inflicts will increase..."
Oops! Sorry...was I talking out loud? I'm trying to memorize everything I've learned about sync moves, but they're so complicated!
Apparently, the opposing team in a battle can use their own sync moves, too.
Man, it's tough memorizing all of this! It might be better to go out and do lots of battling to build up muscle memory instead!
The abbreviation "PML" gets thrown around quite a bit, doesn't it? Do you remember what it stands for?
It's short for "Pokémon Masters League"— the tournament currently being held here on Pasio.
"P" for "Pokémon," "M" for "Masters," and "L" for "League!" See? It's quite simple to remember!
